	The Wrong Way to Use

	Healing Magic

	– Chiyu Mahou no Machigatta Tsukaikata –





	- Volume 6 -





	-Author-

	Kurokata



	-ILLUSTRATOR-

	KeG





	[ ShiroKun’s Translation ]





Chapter 121

	In Mia Rak, we fought against the knight Karon who turned into a dragon.

	He lost his mind and went out of control, he had tremendous power, but with the help of Leona, the hero of Mia Rak, we were able to end the battle without sacrificing anyone.

	It was a tightrope walk, but the gain was great.

	We were able to complete the enhancement of the healing magic system. If I have the spare time, I’ll be able to take a look at a few of the best ways to optimize it. But now we have all the conditions to save Amako’s mother.

	Our final destination: the Land of the Beasts.

	After leaving Mia Rak, we crossed the frozen lake and entered the beastmen’s territory.

	“After all, beastmen don’t make roads or anything like that…”

	A little over a week had passed since we left Mia Rak, and we were making our way through a thickly wooded area.

	There are very few paths here. So if it hadn’t been for Amako, who was leading the way, we would have been lost by now.

	“Yes. If there’s a path, there’s a danger of ambush. That’s why we beastmen don’t make a set path, we just put landmarks.”

	Every so often I would find a scar carved into a tree or a pile of stones, which I guess were the markers Amako was talking about.

	I don’t know where they are…

	“I’m not sure what to make of this. They live deep in the mountains where it’s difficult to get to, right? In addition, they don’t make roads and only have primitive landmarks… Not only is their culture different, but they seem to be from a different era.”

	“I don’t deny it. In fact, it’s a pain in the ass.”

	“Yes, it’s surprisingly easy to admit. It’s your hometown, for one thing…”

	Nea is surprised by Amako’s lack of interest in talking about her own homeland.

	“We beastmen have tried to develop in a different direction from humans. In the process, we’ve cut out everything that doesn’t need to be developed and built our own culture.”

	“Hmm, that’s interesting. I would like to see with my own eyes a culture… that is different from our own.”

	“It’s not as interesting as you might imagine, Arc-san.”

	After leaving Mia Rak, Amako’s expression was not so good.

	The reason for this is probably related to what she heard from Norn-sama back in Mia Rak.

	”The beasts are looking for something.”

	I think that “something” is Amako. Of course, I don’t know for sure, but there would be no reason for Amako to be so worried.

	“Usato, you look like you’re in trouble.”

	“Hmm, ah my bad. I was a bit lost in thought.”

	I’m not sure if my worries were showing on my face, but on the contrary, Amako was worried about me.

	Is it that easy to read what I’m thinking through my facial expressions.

	Should I just smile wryly and shrug it away… No, that would make everyone worry about me in a different way.

	Let’s return our thoughts to… the land of the beasts.

	“Arc-san, there’s something I’ve been thinking about ever since we left Mia Rak.”

	“What is it?”

	“It’s about the letter.”

	I called out to Arc-san, who was leading the horse, and touched the package containing the last of the letters.

	I’ve given the letter to three places so far – Lukvis, Samaria and Mia Rak – but this last destination is going to be different then the previous two.

	“Is it better… If we don’t hand it over?”

	The relationship between beastmen and humans is not very good.

	As Falga-sama said before leaving Mia Rak, beastmen hate humans. It is impossible for us to give them a letter asking for help.

	In fact, they might even think that we are agitating them.

	“I am sure they will not react very well.”

	“Yes, that’s true…”

	“But we won’t know until we go there. There are not many people who have entered the land of the beasts. The majority of them have entered for evil purposes, but not us.”

	Arc-san turns his gaze to Amako, who is standing next to me.

	“You have come this far for Amako-dono’s mother. That is unmistakable good will and sincerity. The beastmen have only responded to hostility with hostility. If we can approach them, we may be able to create a situation where we can offer our cooperation.”

	“…Arc-san is right, not all beastmen are uncommunicative. There are more hard-headed people, but there are also people who understand if you talk to them properly.”

	A compromise, huh?

	…This reminds me of the first time I spoke to Amako.

	You can say that the journey to this point began when I caught Amako, who showed me a premonition that Kazuki and Inugami senpai would be killed by Ferrum.

	Not even half a year has passed since then, but so many things have happened that it seems like years ago already.

	I was feeling a little sentimental, and Nea on my shoulder let out an exasperated sigh.

	“I’m sure you’ll be fine as long as you do what you always do. Because you are such a freak that you can get along with demons like me and Bluerin, right? I think it’s creepy that you’re worried about meeting a beastman now.”

	“That’s a terrible thing to say, isn’t it, Nea?… I was seriously worried about it…”

	“Ho ho ho, I’m laughing at your seriousness. You’re a bit of a haphazard kind of guy—–!! I’m sorry! Stop flicking your fingers!”

	I silently flick her forehead as Nea holds her forehead with her wings and cried.

	And she says we get along together.

	She didn’t deny that, so I kept quiet.

	“As a matter of fact, I think that Usato-dono will be fine.”

	“Are you sure about that…”

	I tilt my head at Arc-san, who says it in an unusually vague way.

	“The journey so far has not been an easy one. That’s exactly why you are here today, after overcoming so many trials that you could have broken down at some point.”

	“Haha… Part of it is like I’ve stuck my neck out on my own, though. I’ve been… really, really giving you troubles…”

	I think objectively I have really made a mess for Arc-san, from being manipulated by Nea, to having Samaria’s historic bell destroyed, to fighting alongside a powerful enemy.

	“I don’t regret following you at all, you know? In fact, I’m glad I did, because it’s been a great adventure.”

	I can’t say anything to him who just answered so casually.

	I’m really blessed with my friends…

	I know I keep saying this, but I get myself into a lot of trouble.

	Normally, people would want to get away from me being a troublemaker.

	“…”

	I look at Nea on my shoulder and Amako and Bluerin walking behind me.

	Amako came along to help her mother, but so far she has not complained one bit about coming along.

	I’m not sure what to make of that.

	She’s my partner, and in a way she’s probably the person I feel the most connected to.

	“Usato, your eyes looks kind of soft. Are you okay?”

	“N-Normally you’ll only show a scary face, but…, pl-please be positive.”

	“Guaaa~”

	“What do you guys normally think I am?”

	Just when I’m feeling a bit sentimental, there it is!

	And Nea is really freaking out!

	What’s wrong with me being nice to her? I’m sure you’ll be able to understand what I’m talking about.

	I got goosebumps when I imagined…

	What can I say? I’m reminded that Rose is the best fit for me, as she has always been tough in terms of image. It’s just sad that I’ve got used to it.

	“Hmm? Didn’t you have two swords now?”

	“Oh, this you mean?”

	He took out the sword from his waist.

	In addition to the sword he always carries, he also has another, slightly smaller sword on his hip.

	“I got it as a backup sword, just in case. Considering what I’ve been through, I thought one sword would be very insufficient.”

	“Ah… that’s true.”

	At the time with the wicked dragon I broke his sword, and this time it was also shattered by Karon’s wings.

	Thinking about it, it’s a good idea to have a spare sword.

	“I don’t like the idea of having my sword broken at a crucial moment and not being able to do anything about it.”

	“Haha…”

	A flame knight who skillfully wields two swords, one large and one small:… That sounds cool just imagining it.

	…What would have happened if I had been able to handle magic other than healing magic?

	I can’t help but chuckle at the thought of myself training as an ordinary magician without even meeting Rose.

	I can’t imagine myself working with water or fire magic.

	Let’s give it a try, shall we? Objectively speaking, I may be able to use any type of magic?

	“Amako, Nea. Can you imagine me using any magic other than healing magic?”

	I ask the two of them, and after a bit of deliberation, they look at me with a subtle expression.

	“Punching, maybe:…?”

	“Throwing, maybe?”

	“Oi, I was asking about magic, why are you guys only naming physical moves?”

	Did I say something wrong…?

	Or iss it that? They already have an image of me fighting and associate that.

	“—, Usato!”

	“Hm, what’s wrong?”

	As I was pondering my future direction, Amako’s ears suddenly perked up and she looked back at me with a shocked look on her face.

	“There’s something flying at you from diagonally right above!”

	“What?”

	At Amako’s words, I reflexively look up in the diagonal direction.

	At that moment, with a sound of wind, I saw two arrows coming at me, ready to pierce my torso.

	“Hhup!”

	With reflexive moves, I deployed my right hand gauntlet and grabbed the two arrows.

	The speed is slower than Karon’s awakened attacks.

	But why did the arrows fly at her?

	“Hey, Amako. If you hadn’t warned me, would this arrow have hit me?”

	“No. you couldn’t catch it, but you could have dodged it.”

	“Yeah, but I would still have to dodge…”

	“But instead, Nea would’ve been thrown to the ground.”

	“Why me?”

	Aside from the fact that Nea is looking at me like I’m crazy, I’d like to talk about the attacker who came after me.

	If they mistook me for someone else and shot an arrow at me, I could get away with it, but…

	“Not so fast,…!”

	I grabbed the arrow again, snapped it, and threw it to the ground.

	It’s obvious that they’re only aiming at me.

	If it’s not a mistake, it’s a clear sign of hostility.

	“There!”

	In the direction from which the arrow came, there was a sign of a person. The person who shot the arrow at me is probably a beastman.

	Since they’re already attacking me, there’s no point holding back.

	I create a healing magic bullet with my right hand and throw it in the direction of the voice. The healing magic bullet, which flew straight ahead, struck a leafy branch some distance away and scattered.

	A pathetic voice echoes.

	“Tsk, a miss huh…”

	“Usato, your face, your face. You’re starting to look like a villain.”

	The… sudden attack made my words and actions wild.

	I took a small deep breath and once I calmed down I was on the lookout for any other arrows flying at me.

	“Usato-dono, are you alright!”

	“Yes, I’m fine. But I can’t believe they’re suddenly shooting arrows at me… I knew that this is the normal response to humans but…! Crap…!”

	“I can’t help but be surprised that you think you’re being treated like a human after you grabbed the arrows with impunity and even fought back…”

	Ignoring Nea’s words, I stare hard in the direction of whoever shot the arrow.

	Then I heard a loud rustle and the sound of someone moving in the bushes.

	Amako, who was staring in the same direction as me, pointed in the direction of the sound.

	“Usato, go and get that kid.”

	“That kid? Do you know them?”

	“Yes… maybe.”

	Maybe.

	Well, I don’t want to get in trouble if she knows them. I’ll just get her to clear up the misunderstanding.

	“I’m not sure if I’m going to be able to do that. Let’s go, Nea!!!”

	“Huh, okay…”

	Probably, the opponent is a beastman.

	It’s not something you can catch them with half-heartedly.

	But when it comes to running with my feet on the ground, I’m good at it.





Chapter 122

	I was running through the trees when an assailant shot an arrow at me.

	I’ve been asked by Amako to chase after it, and I was running between the trees.

	I’m sure Arc-san and the others are catching up to me, but if I stray too far, I’ll get lost. If I’m going to catch it, I need to do it as quietly and quickly as possible.

	However, this is the beastmen’s home ground. There are far too many trees for me to run as fast as I can.

	“The trees are in the way…! I can’t run satisfactorily in this…!”

	“What are you talking about when you’re closing the distance instead of pulling away?!”

	It’s true that the distance itself is getting closer, but only by little.

	The beast running in front of me is much faster than I expected. From the back of her head, she looks like a girl, and from the gray beast ears and tail I can see, I’m guessing she’s a wolf.

	Rose threw me into the forest, and even my legs, which had managed to escape even when I played tag in hell with a grand grizzly, could only catch up little by little.

	“Phew, guess I’m not there yet…”

	Alright, time to go back to the drawing board today and add another running training.

	Just thinking about my future training policy naturally makes a smile on my face.

	“W-hy are you chasing me? H-Heeeelpp!!!”

	“Hey, I wonder what you look like to that beastman right now…”

	“…”

	Eh? Aren’t I the one who was threatened just now?

	Why is it that the other side is the one asking for help?

	…Let’s take care of this before we instill any more fear.

	I clutched my right hand, still wearing the gauntlet and stared ahead.

	“Nea, hold on.”

	“Eh… Kya!”

	I lean my body forward and step hard on my right leg and take off at a brisk pace.

	The beastman girl, whose face turned pale when she saw me rushing at her at breakneck speed, used her amazing reflexes to avoid my hand that was trying to catch her.

	I couldn’t stop my momentum so I ran right past her… but

	“B—ut!”

	“Hiii!

	I slammed my right fist into a tree and turned my head to look at the beastman girl.

	I finally caught up with her. If I get this close, she should be able to understand me!

	I smile as much as I can and talk to the girl, trying not to scare her.

	“Calm down! I’m human, but I’m not going to hurt you!”

	“No, you’re lying! A human can’t move like that! I know what you are, you demon disguised as a human!”

	The beastman girl shouted with tears in her eyes and climbed up the tree behind me with the lightness of a cat, and then moved from tree to tree with the agility of a monkey.

	As I looked up at the girl, I couldn’t help but let out a sigh.

	“Nea, that girl seems to have figured out who you are.”

	“For all intents and purposes, if you think about it. I mean, I’m an owl now.”

	“…”

	That’s what I thought.

	It’s not nice to be treated like a demon by a girl you’ve never met before.

	That’s weird, I thought I smiled as much as I could.

	“…I can’t let her get away with this. Nea, prepare the restraining spell.”

	“Healing magic restraining bullets? Even you can’t hit it at that distance.”

	“It’s called a good shot with a bad gun.”

	“Huh?”

	From my right palm, I create multiple small healing magic bullets.

	Now that I have been assisted in manipulating my magic with the gauntlet, my healing magic bullets have been strengthened.

	Originally, this technique was designed to heal multiple injured people in a melee, but when combined with Nea’s restraining spell, it becomes a technique that can inflict binding spells on multiple enemies.

	And it’s name is—-

	“Healing Magic Bullets!”

	The magic bullets I generated are thrown in the direction of the girl, they split apart and hit the area around the tree where the girl jumped, making a thud sound.

	The girl crouched down on the tree branch and screamed in grief.

	“My hand, it’s stuck! Hiiii!”

	“Uwaaa, So sorry to hear that…”

	Nea is donning it, but healing magic bullets are basically a harmless technique.

	This technique has no power to kill or injure the opponent, just like the healing magic bullet. All that exists is a healing magic that is gentle on the body and a restraining spell that only stops the body from moving for a moment.

	And that girl took a direct hit to her right arm, causing her arm to be temporarily restrained.

	It’s a momentary gap, but it’s more than enough for me.

	“I’m going to have to get you down from there!”

	“I’m about to get knocked off!”

	I charge at the tree with the girl at full speed.

	Even if I climbed up the tree, she would escape in the meantime. But there’s no way I can convince her.

	So, I’ll have to force her to come down even though she doesn’t want to.

	“Hmph!”

	With all the momentum I had, I kicked at the tree and shook it.

	The girl is thrown off the tree, which is shaken just enough to not break, and falls headlong to the ground, but I catch her with both arms.

	“Operation ‘Stag Drop’ was a success.”

	“You’re even more of a monster now that you’ve been to Mia Rak…?”

	I just threw, ran and kicked, why must she be so harsh…?

	Anyways.

	It’s a good idea to check the girl. I had cast a healing spell on her as soon as I caught her, but if anything happened to her, I’d be in trouble.

	“Are you okay? I’m sorry. I have to do this to talk to you…?”

	“—“

	“Eh…”

	The girl had whites of her eyes.

	She was dazed and limp and unmoving. Nea, who noticed the girl’s condition, looked into her face quizzically and turned to me awkwardly.

	“She’s passed out.”

	“…”

	This is similar to the symptoms of the injured knights who were brought in by the thugs during the war with the Demon King’s army.

	Their expressions are tinged with fear, as if they’ve seen something terrible… I see now.

	“You poor thing, you must have been so scared of falling from a high place.”

	“You definitely know what you just said right? It’s obviously your fault, isn’t it?”

	“Are you saying that I’m in the same league as those face-deadly weapons? I’ll never forgive you for that!”

	“Why are you so angry?”

	I’ve been called a monster for a long time, but I can’t stay silent if I’m lumped in with the real monsters of the Rescue squad.

	I’m still human.

	With the unconscious girl in my arms, the bickering that had begun continued until Amako and the others arrived.





* * *



	Unwillingly, we were able to catch the beastman girl unconscious, and we temporarily rested there waiting for her to wake up.

	In the meantime, I talked to Amako and she told me that the girl was an acquaintance of hers.

	The girl’s name was Rinka.

	She’s a werewolf with gray ears and a tail, and she was someone he had been friends with before she left the beast country. As for why she targeted me with an arrow, she was probably trying to help Amako, who was with a human.

	I understood why she attacked me, but there was one thing that made me wonder.

	“Why did she target me?”

	The unconscious girl in front of me had tried to kill me first.

	If she had just targeted me by accident, that would have been the end of it, but she was clearly concentrating on me, and that bothered me.

	Amako took one look at Rinka, who was passed out on a pillow with the body of a relaxed Bluerin, and returned her gaze to me with a troubled expression.

	“Maybe it’s because Usato looks the weakest, right?”

	“Huh?”

	“I mean, the Rinka I know wouldn’t hurt an animal unnecessarily. On the other hand, Usato is normal in appearance only, so she probably thought it would be better to target him compared to Arc, who seems to be stronger from his atmosphere.”

	“I see. Usato only looks like he’s weak, right? Once you open the lid though, it’s actually a monster who can grab an arrow on sight.”

	“You guys, it’s funny to emphasize on that right? Why do I have to take all this heat from my allies?”

	You know I can cry sometimes, right?

	No, I’m aware that my appearance makes me look weak.

	“I wonder if I should be more like the leader of the group, so I don’t get arrows suddenly shot at me…”

	I should give off a predatory vibe and always look at people like I’m about to shoot them.

	As I tried, I imitated Rose as I imagined her while brushing my hair, and the three in front of me paled in unison with a surly look on their faces.

	“Usato, I’m sorry. It’s fine the way it is.”

	“I’m sorry. You don’t have to change.”

	“Usato-dono, the current you is the best.”

	I don’t know if it’s Arc-san, but it’s creepy that he’s suddenly being nice to me.

	What? Did I really look that bad? I wasn’t aware of it at all.

	“…Everyone, Rinka’s going to wake up.”

	Amako turned to look at Rinka. Apparently she had seen her wake up with her premonition.

	Quickly, Amako moved to Rinka’s side to hide us, and gently shook her shoulder.

	“Rinka, are you okay?”

	“Uuuu… Monsters, monsters are chasing me… Uuuuu, what?”

	Rinka opened her eyes in a fit of swoon, stiffened when she saw Amako’s face, then started to hug her.

	I guess she didn’t see us, but she was crying with relief.

	“Oh, Amako, it’s been so long–!”

	“Hmm, long time no see, Rinka.”

	We heard that they were the same age, but Amako was shorter than her, so she couldn’t get out of it and was left to her own devices.

	“You were captured by that demon in human skin, and you were able to escape!”

	That’s a terrible thing to say at the start of a conversation, this girl.

	“No, actually–“

	“Oh my god, what the hell is that! I’m the fastest beast in the wolf tribe, and he got the cunning to try and trick me, and the magic to curse me! Also… also… he’s so scary!!! Uuuuuu… sniff…”

	“Yes, it was scary, wasn’t it? I understand.”

	That’s a terrible thing to say.

	And why are you agreeing, Amako?

	I was so upset by Rinka’s words, which cut into my mental health, that I slammed a flick into Nea, who was laughing beside me.

	For now, let’s wait until she calms down.

	After a few minutes of watching Amako comforting the crying Rinka, she finally stopped crying and Amako cut in on us.

	“Rinka, I know you want to know a lot about me, but there’s something I want you to know first.”

	“Yeah, say anything?”

	“For now, look behind you.”

	“What, what’s behind…?”

	Rinka followed Amako’s words and turned around.

	Her eyes meet mine, which I’m sure has a subtle expression on it.

	I awkwardly apologize to her, who has frozen in place like a stone with a smiling expression on her face.

	“No, um,…, I’m sorry about earlier, okay?”

	“–“

	“I didn’t mean to scare you… Hmm?”

	“…Rinka?”



	Amako taps her on the shoulder as she freezes and doesn’t move. She still doesn’t respond, and Amako lets out a sigh and looks at me with a frown.

	“She’s fainted again… Usato, what did you do to Rinka?”

	“I just took her down from the tree.”

	I can’t say that I kicked her down the tree and caught her after I hit her with a healing magic bullet to stop her.

	“No, you didn’t. You hit her with a magic bullet with a restraining spell and then kicked her off the tree and caught her.”

	“I know you had no choice, but that’s just too much…”

	I was quickly exposed by Nea.

	Amako was right, no matter how many arrows the kid had shot at me, I’d gone too far.

	“Anyway, let’s wake her up again. This time, I’ll tell her about Usato and then we’ll meet face to face. Usato and the others can stay away for a bit.”

	“Okay.”

	I followed Amako’s words and left, disgusted that my treatment was completely against something horrible.

	After a few minutes or so, Rinka wakes up again and says almost the same words to Amako as before. She added new sounds of fear, such as “he gave me a nightmare” and “he tried to trick me again,” but I didn’t need to be told why.

	Afterwards, when Amako had finished explaining about us, she took Rinka by the hand and brought her to where we were.

	“…A-are you sure it’s fine? Amako.”

	“Yeah, it’s fine. We’ve traveled this far together, so you can trust me.”

	She still feels uneasy, and shrinks down to hide behind Amako’s back, but Amako’s back is too small for her to hide at all.

	…Amako is too small for her age. I’m not sure she’s the same age as the girl behind me.

	As I was casually thinking about something rude, Arc-san approached the frightened Rinka and looked at her.

	“Nice to meet you, I’m Arc, traveling with Amako-dono.”

	“N-Nice to meet you. I’m Rinka.”

	“I’m Nea. I’m the demon you’re referring to that looks like a person.”

	“What? You are?

	“Gua!”

	“Hiaa? Why is there a blue grizzly here?

	Each of them introduced themselves. Now that they’ve introduced themselves, it’s my turn.

	I’ll try to make a good impression with a 100% smiley face that will wipe out my previous image.

	I don’t want Amako’s friends to be scared of me.

	“I’m Usato. Amako’s—“

	“S-Sorry. I’m not scared of you, so don’t get mad at me…!”

	I’ve only told her my name, but she’s already scared of me.

	Eh, that’s strange. I heard that Amako gave a good explanation about me too.

	“Amako. How did you explain her about me? I’m not mad at you, just tell me honestly.”

	“I told her roughly what kind of journey I’ve been on.”

	“Ah, that makes sense. That’s the kind of reaction I’d have if I knew that the person I was fighting with was someone who’d had an unusual journey… And I’m sure the beastmen would know about Karon’s outburst.”

	Yeah, I didn’t solve the problem on my own…

	I guess I still imagine it in a bad way based on my first impression.

	“Oh and I told her you’re actually a human.”

	“I’ve been thinking about it for a while, but you’ve been pretty much poisoned by Usato too…”

	I’m not sure why Amako said this so confidently, but Nea was taken aback.

	For my part, I’d like you to question the fact that we have to prove from the point of view of being human.

	…At this point, I don’t mind being frightened. For now, just being able to meet Amako’s acquaintance, Rinka, is good.

	It’s better than being hated, and it makes me feel a lot better.

	I let out a small sigh when I saw that Rinka was still wary of me and hadn’t come off Amako’s back.





Chapter 123

	The wolf beastman, Rinka.

	The girl with the triangular ears and shoulder-length gray hair was a friend of mine before I left the beastman land.

	It was the first time I had seen my friend in two years.

	It had been triggered by the arrow that Rinka had fired at Usato.

	I knew at once that she did not intend to kill him.

	It was just two arrows to wound and distract him. While Usato was in a panic and everyone was in confusion, she must have been trying to take me out using her agile legs as a wolf beast.

	But unfortunately, the person that Rinka targeted was not normal.

	Even if I don’t tell him about my prediction, he has such extraordinary reflexes that he can just barely sense it and avoid the arrow. Basically he could easily grab the arrow.

	I’m not so much surprised as I am dismayed that we’ve finally made it this far…, but from the point of view of Rinka, who doesn’t know anything about it, it really doesn’t make sense.

	When Usato counterattacked her with a healing magic bullet and heard her scream in fear and realized that the attacker was Rinka, I immediately understood that it was for me that she attacked Usato.

	I knew I should tArc to her right away and clear up the misunderstanding, so I asked Usato to capture her.

	I did that…, but–

	“A-Amako…, are you sure you’re okay?”

	It seems that Usato has been trying too hard, more than I had thought.

	After that self-introduction, we were on our way to the hidden village where she lived, guided by Rinka.

	In fact, we could have gone directly to the country where my mother lived, but she decided it would be better to go to the hidden village first and gather some information.

	“I’m human okay. And I’m a healing magician, you know? I don’t have any physical abilities, but I don’t have any dangerous abilities.”

	“Can a healing magician throw magic bullets! W-What’s more, which healer can also split up and shoot gold-bound things to tie me up… In the first place, how were you able to catch up to me. It’s like magic…”

	“…”

	Splitting up and being tied up in gold? What’s that? I don’t know about that.

	Usato, did you make another new move?

	“Sigh…”

	I asked him to do it, believing that Usato could catch the wolf beastmen running through the forest… I didn’t expect her to be so traumatized.

	But in this case, it’s Rinka’s fault.

	“But you’re not going to attack me out of the blue, are you Rinka? I don’t think I look like I’m being held captive from the outside.”

	“T-That’s because I can’t think of any reason for a human to be working with a beastman other than being caught…”

	Indeed, Rinka was also right.

	The only reason I can think of for humans and beastmen to be working together is a bad one.

	And moreover, this was beastman territory, and from Rinka’s point of view, it might have looked like she was forcing him to lead her all the way to beastman country.

	“But…”

	I casually glanced behind me and looked at Usato and the others who were following behind me and Rinka.

	Arc-san was still pulling his horse, but Usato had Nea on his shoulder and was tArcing to Bluerin.

	“Bluerin, hey, should I show more kindness?”

	“Grrr.”

	“Haha, you have a funny way of saying things.”

	“Guffuuu.”

	“Hey look I’m sorry, I haven’t been able to care for you lately.”

	It’s a pity that Usato is so devastated that he can’t have a natural conversation with Bluerin.

	Bluerin looks slightly annoyed, but happy.

	“H-He’s having a conversation with a blue grizzly……!?”

	But this is giving an opposite effect…

	…No, I don’t want Usato to be misunderstood either.

	“I’ve been looking for a healing magician who can help my mom ever since we left the beastman country.”

	“…Is that right?”

	“Yes. I feel bad that I left without telling you. But I didn’t have time to take it easy.”

	After Mom collapsed, it was obvious that the situation around me was about to change.

	I sensed something odd about it, and I left the beast country. Of course, I had the goal of finding a healing magician who could help my mother, but I also had the goal of protecting myself.

	“I was still small, so I didn’t understand, but… those adults were a little scary. I can understand why they panicked because Amako was gone. In fact, I panicked a lot too… But I didn’t think there were even people who were angry.”

	“…”

	Maybe something was about to happen at that moment when Mom collapsed.

	I was almost caught up in it, but I managed not to be. In that sense, it was probably the right decision for me to leave the beastman country.

	“I’ve seen a lot of places since I left the beastman country. I didn’t have any happy memories, but I did make some beastman friends. And the last place I visited, the Kingdom of Lingle, was full of people who were nice to me as a beastman.”

	Satsuki with her siblings Kiriha and Kyou, who became good friends in Lukvis.

	In the Lingle Kingdom, Sarla-san and many others who let me live there for two years.

	The journey from the Land of Beasts was a series of hard times, but the encounters I had after I drifted to Lingle Kingdom were the most precious memories for me.

	“That’s where I met Usato.”

	“With that guy?”

	“A lot has happened since then.”

	I showed Usato the future where Suzune and Kazuki would die, and averted the worst of the future.

	Then, in exchange, I asked Usato to help me save my mother… It came to pass, and we set out on our journey.

	And then from there on, it’s a bit rough, but I told Rinka, so I don’t really need to explain, but there’s a lot going on.

	“But this way, I was able to return to my hometown where my mother is.”

	With Usato, he might be able to heal Mom.

	Moreover, his healing magic had awakened to a systematic enhancement after the battle in Mia Rak.

	If it is due to injury or illness, he can almost certainly heal……

	“Rinka.”

	“Hmm?”

	“My mom’s alright?… she’s alive, right?”

	Two years seems like a long time, but it’s not.

	If she is under the protection of the beasts, I can assure you that she will be fine, but there is no guarantee that nothing unforeseen will happen.

	If something were to happen to my mother, if she were to die,… I would have no reason to be here.

	This is a topic that I have unconsciously avoided asking about.

	When I looked at her, she smiled reassuringly at my self-consciously anxious expression.

	“Don’t worry! Amako’s mother is alive! Though she hasn’t woken up yet…”

	“…That’s all I need to know.”

	Good. I’m really glad…

	What I had done, and my journey with Usato, was not pointless.

	“You’ve had a tough two years, Amako!”

	“How was it with Rinka?”

	The conversation got a little dark, so let’s change the subject.

	What had Rinka been doing while I was gone?

	“Hmm? I was told by my father to move from my home country to the hidden village to practice hunting in earnest. In my home country, people are very noisy. They told me to be polite, and that I should be gorgeous because I’m a girl.”

	“Gorgeous is the least suitable thing for Rinka.”

	“Oh, shut up! I know that too!”

	I laughed as her face turned red.

	So, Rinka is living in the hidden village now.

	I’ve only seen her father a few times, but I remember that he was close to my mother.

	I have no recollection of what he was like, though.

	“Speaking of which, Amako hasn’t changed her height or anything at all!”

	“What?”

	“Sorry, I’m sorry…”

	I glared at her when she mentioned my own complex.

	Two years ago, we were almost the same height. And yet, in just two years, this girl has grown by a head.

	What is the absurdity of this, when I have barely grown at all?

	Where did my growth spurt go?

	“Amako, you’ve got a very scary look in your eyes. You’ve been glaring at me.”

	“I think it’s probably due to Usato’s influence.”

	“Isn’t that a bad influence…?”

	Rinka looks at Usato with frightened eyes.

	Usato meets her gaze and drops her shoulders with a bitter smile.

	I’m sorry, Usato. Instead of clearing up the misunderstanding, I made it worse.

	“Ah, we should be arriving at the hidden village soon. For now, I’ll tArc to the elders, so wait outside!”

	When I looked up, I saw a deep thicket in front of me and a narrow beast path that I couldn’t recognize unless I trained my eyes.

	Apparently, we had reached the vicinity of the hidden village where Rinka lived while we were tArcing.

	The question is whether the beasts living in the hidden village will accept Usato and his friends.





* * *



	With Rinka’s guidance, we made our way.

	With Rinka’s guidance, we were taken to a forest where trees were growing thickly.

	The forest was so deep that it didn’t look like a village to the casual observer, but after Rinka instructed us to wait here, she wArced off into the forest on her own.

	“Speaking of the hidden village…, I heard that Kiriha and the others are from the hidden village, right?”

	“Yeah. Yes, they are. But I don’t think they live here? I heard there are many hidden villages.”

	Kiriha, Kyou, and Satsuki.

	Kiriha, Kyou, and Satsuki, the beastman sister and brother who had taken care of us in Lukvis, and a girl.

	It’s only been a little while, but I wonder if the three of them are doing well.

	“Kiriha? Who’s that?”

	“They’re the beastmen who took care of me at Lukvis, where I went before I met you.”

	“Hmm, beastmen at the magic academy huh. Well, normally I’d be surprised, but considering it’s Usato, I’m not that surprised.”

	What do you think I am?

	Well, I did put you on your guard a bit when we first met, but I think we got along pretty well in the end. I think I’ll go back to Lingle Kingdom and try to see him again after I get settled.

	“Amako, how was your first conversation with your friend after a while?”

	“It’s fine as usual.”

	Rinka, the girl who was Amako’s friend before she ran away from the beastman country.

	It seems that he had tArced with that girl on the way here, and I’m glad that they seem to be on good terms.

	…Although I don’t know why I feel like she got a bad impression of me when she did.

	“From the back, you looked like sisters.”

	“…Do you mean to say that I’m smaller than her?”

	I’m sorry, I stepped on a landmine.

	I was going to say that they seemed to be so close that they looked like sisters, but…

	As I was getting uncomfortable with Amako looking at me, Nea, who was on my shoulder, pointed her wings at Amako and started laughing.

	“Pupu! You’re fourteen years old, aren’t you? You’re a bit short for that!”

	“…”

	“I’ve been thinking about it for a while, but you’re still small! Well, just wait a little longer and you’ll have a growth spurt, right? I can’t guarantee it will grow, though!”

	“…”

	Amako’s eyes are fixed, will she be okay?

	No but then, Nea has gone too far.

	Nea is captured by Amako’s outstretched hand as she leaps to her feet, having successfully taken the brunt of her anger.

	“Kyafu!”

	“I’ll never, never forgive you.”

	“W-Wait a sec, Usato, help me, Kyaaaaaah!”

	Oh, the expressionless Amako grabbed Nea and started swinging her around.

	I’m not sure what to make of this, but I’m sure it’s not my fault.

	While the two of them are getting along (?) Or I guess the two of them are having a good time, I tArc to Arc-san about the future.

	“Arc-san. If we can’t get into the hidden village, do we have to stay outside?”

	“That would be the case. Considering the relationship between beastmen and humans, it can’t be helped if that happens.”

	If that’s the case, then at the very least, let’s have Amako alone in the hidden village.

	If possible, it would be better if Nea went with her.

	…I’m worried that I might start a fight, like the one that’s going on right now in front of me, but there’s a chance that me and Arc-san might not be able to get in, so I’ll have to be patient.

	“…Here, the positions of Amako and us are reversed, aren’t they?”

	“Yes.”

	Just as in the realm where humans live, the beastmen have to bear the brunt of their shoulders, in the realm where the beastmen live, the humans have to feel the same way.

	I hadn’t got involved with the beastmen living here in earnest yet, but I was feeling oddly uncomfortable.

	“…I guess I understand a little more about Amako’s feelings.”

	I wondered how lonely and painful she had been, having advanced through the human realm alone.

	I don’t fully understand all of it yet, but I feel like I know part of that suffering.

	“Usato.”

	As I was thinking about things, Amako who was wielding Nea, called out my name.

	At the sound of her voice, me and Arc-san sensed something strange around us.

	“We’re surrounded…, aren’t we?”

	“Yes, there are quite a few of them, but please don’t turn hostile.”

	Before I knew it, there were multiple signs surrounding us.

	They were probably aiming at us with arrows or something, but they kept a certain distance and didn’t approach us.

	There is a possibility that they will attack us without question, what should we do?

	If it’s just a bow and arrow, me and Arc-san can intercept it, but what action should we take after that?

	Should I use a healing punch to incapacitate everyone and get them to a state where they can talk?

	Or do I distract them with a healing magic barrage and then run away?

	“What are we going to do, Usato? If we don’t, they’ll attack us one way or the other.”

	“I know, but. Let’s wait and see what they do first.”

	Nea, who has somehow returned to my shoulder, casually casts a restraining spell on my fist.

	Just as I was getting ready to intercept them, two figures appeared from the depths of the forest where Rinka had disappeared.

	One of the figures was Rinka, who had just left for the hidden village.

	The other was a bearded beast of a man of early years.

	“Sorry for the rough welcome. After all, this is an unprecedented situation. As a precaution, I’ve taken up arms.”

	The old man glanced at each of us who hadn’t let our guard down, and finally rolled his eyes at Amako.

	“Apparently, what Rinka said is true. I didn’t believe it for a second, but…”

	“You didn’t believe it!”

	Rinka was shocked by the old man’s words, almost onomatopoeic as he gobbled.

	“What kind of person would immediately believe it when they are suddenly told that Amako has returned with a human and a blue grizzly? I thought it was just another prank against me.”

	“I told you it was different this time!”

	“How many times have I been deceived by your words? It’s no laughing matter to have your heart stopped by your cute granddaughter!”

	So you’re saying that Rinka was a wolf girl, not a wolf boy?

	The old man turned his head towards us again, and instructed those surrounding us to put down their weapons.

	“I have not seen you since we were children, Amako. I am Cagalli, the head of this hidden village and grandfather of this uninhibited girl.”

	Rinka’s grandfather, if you look closely, his ears and tail resemble those of a wolf, just like Rinka’s.

	“I have many questions to ask you, but first, let me show you to where we live.”

	“Uh, how about Usato and the rest…”

	“Of course, we’ll invite the humans there as well.”

	Cagalli smiled softly, as if to reassure the anxious-looking Amako.

	…For the time being, it was good that we could avoid unnecessary conflict.

	With relief at the current situation, we were invited to the hidden village where the beastmen live, under the guidance of Cagalli and Rinka.





Chapter 124

	“So this is the hidden village…”

	The hidden village of the beastmen invited by the wolf beastman, Kagari-san, was surprisingly spacious.

	The structure of the place could be described as a village surrounded by a deep and thick forest.

	But it’s not just a bunch of trees, there are fields and proper houses, so it looks like they are living a more comfortable life than I imagined.

	“…But”

	Still, the stares from the beasts living in the hidden village are amazing.

	Fear of humans.

	And curiosity towards the humans who would be seeing them for the first time.

	But strangely, there seemed to be less hostility.

	“Most of the ones here have never seen a human before. It’s no wonder there are so many strange stares.”

	Kagari-san, who was walking in front of me spoke to me as if he was acting suspiciously under the unfamiliar gaze.

	This the first time they’ve seen a human? It’s not surprising, since there are few people who would dare to enter the realm where beasts live. It’s just rare for beastmen to enter human habitats like Kiriha and the others who are learning magic in Lukvis.

	“As for me, it doesn’t bother me at all. In fact, I’m rather used to this.”

	“I see… Well, I didn’t expect a mere human to come here, but… you’re having a hard time, too.”

	Hmm? He’s giving me a look of great pity.

	Does he think I’m the kind of person that people avoid? I’m not sure what to make of that.

	…No no no, it’s not that we are used to being watched, but not to being maligned.

	“Isn’t that right? You’ve had a very difficult journey to get here.”

	“Have you forgotten that you were a part of that struggle?”

	When I responded to Nea’s words, who was walking next to me with black hair and red eyes, she blatantly averted her gaze.

	I’m sure you’re aware of that.

	I let out a sigh at Nea’s silence and turned to face forward again.

	Then, I notice a statue-like object at the edge of my vision.

	“Hmm? What is that?”

	Looking closely, I can see a humanoid statue standing in the center of a small square.

	It’s of a beastly woman…, or perhaps a girl.

	It may be a moderately old statue, and there are many parts that are damaged, but I can tell that it has a sword-like weapon at its waist.

	“Usato-dono, what’s wrong?”

	“Uh, there’s a statue over there…”

	I tell Arc-san, who stops and calls out to me about the statue.

	Then Kagari-san noticed this and turned his head in the direction of the statue and started muttering to himself.

	“That’s a statue of Kannagi-sama, a hero to us beasts.”

	“Hero…, what did she do?”

	In response to my question, he looked at the statue affectionately.

	His gaze seemed to be filled with a deep sense of respect.

	“She is the only beastman who brought the hero and the beastman together. It’s no exaggeration to say that thanks to that person, we are still alive to this day.”

	Kagari-san took his gaze off the statue and started walking again.

	I guess we’ll continue as we walk.

	We follow behind him for a short run.

	“Hundreds of years ago, the beastman race was even more oppressed by humans than they are now. The powerful were sent to fight the Demon Lord’s army, the powerless were discarded as pawns, and many lives were scattered in the battle.”

	“…”

	They were really doing terrible things, weren’t they, the humans of that time?

	Forcing the beastmen to go into battle, while they themselves fought to cause as little damage as possible.

	Even Arc-san is frowning. I’m sure he’s in the same state of mind as I am right now.

	“This is a story from the past, and it has nothing to do with you living in the present. At least, I don’t hate you or anything.”

	Kagari-san said this, understanding my and Arc-san’s feelings.

	“Let’s go back to… At the time when the beastmen were being oppressed by humans and the existence of the beastmen tribe was at stake, Kannagi-sama brought a hero to the beastmen tribe. The hero who had tremendous strength, fought the Demon King’s army single-handedly in order to prevent us from dying needlessly.”

	Again with the hero.

	Anecdotes about the hero really do spread throughout the continent, don’t they?

	Nea tilted her head at Kagari-san’s story.

	“Fought? And without any reward?”

	“That much I do not know. But it is said that besides fighting, the hero gave us knowledge when we were barbarians.”

	“He not only fought for us, but he also gave us knowledge. It’s not like he’s the hero we know, but it’s a new aspect of him…”

	That’s true.

	The image of the hero that I have known so far is that of a hero who has been betrayed.

	However, listening to Kagari-san’s story, I get the image of a “benevolent hero”.

	In the end, the hero who defeated the demon king, the enemy of humans, what was he fighting for?

	“What kind of person was Kannagi-sama, who was the follower of that hero?”

	“It is said that she is a kind and a ruthless woman. What I can say for sure is that Kannagi-sama was a very powerful woman.”

	“Powerful? Does that mean she was someone of high rank?”

	“No, in this case I mean her strength. The story goes that she was a great woman who knocked down her enemies and proceeded to slash and punch them. Well, I’m sure there’s some exaggeration in it.”

	“Kill, slash and punch your way forward…”

	What is that person who seems to be going full speed ahead and breaking through the front…

	My image is now completely fixed on Rose with animal ears.

	I can’t imagine it, it’s not cute at all. Rather, the fear of Rose imprinted on my body started to torment me.

	“Here we are.”

	As I’m mentally damaged by the richness of my own imagination, Kagari-san, who was walking in front of me, stops in his tracks.

	Looking ahead, there was a two-story house made of wood. This is probably the home of Kagari-san, the head of this hidden village, and his granddaughter, Rinka.

	Kagari-san turns around and looks at us, and then turns his gaze to Bluerin, who is following a little behind us.

	“Even we can’t let monsters into the house. You’ll have to wait outside with the horses there, is that alright?”

	“Understood, sir… Bluerin, can I ask you to stay here for a while?”

	I crouched down in front of him and told him so, and he nodded his head and sat there as if he was weakening.

	Seeing this, Kagari-san rolled his eyes.

	“I didn’t think it was possible, but you’ve been able to build a trusting relationship without a messenger contract.”

	“Do you understand?”

	“Yeah, I can feel the joyful emotions coming from the blue grizzly.”

	This is a characteristic of beastmen that allows them to read the emotions of animals without human language.

	I also have a vague idea of what Bluerin is thinking, but… I was a little envious.

	With this in mind, I turned to Kagari-san and pointed my thumb at Nea with a chuckle.

	“She’s the one who has a contract with me. Well, in my case, this fellow forced me to make a contract with her.”

	“…you’re kind of like a… strange person, very different from the people I know.”

	I wonder if that was a compliment.

	With a subtle expression on his face, Kagari said, “I’m not sure how I feel about this, but we’re going to go in for now”





* * *



	“—-So that’s the situation.”

	In the guest room, I spent more than ten minutes telling Kagari-san the reason why we had come to this place. After finishing listening to our story, he slowly relaxed his shoulders.

	“It’s been two years since you left your hometown… and it’s been a long journey, Amako.”

	“…Yes. But I’ve finally made it here. And it’s all thanks to these people.”

	When Amako said that, Kagari-san’s gaze shifted to me.

	“Usato, you say?”

	“Yes.”

	“You are the healing magician who came to this place at the request of this girl, is that correct?”

	I nodded firmly at Kagari-san’s words.

	When I didn’t avert my gaze straight away, he let out a sound of admiration in his voice.

	“I never thought there would be people who would come this far for a beastman. What can I say, there are some very… odd people out there, aren’t there?”

	“You wouldn’t have come this far otherwise. Right? Usato.”

	“Why do I have to affirm that I’m an oddball?”

	Right? As if I’m saying that. If I say yes here, it’s like admitting that I’m a freak, isn’t it?

	I twitch a smile at Amako’s oddly happy expression.

	“I’ll send a letter to my late son back home. I’m sure he’ll be able to get us to her safely.”

	“You’re going to ask my father?”

	“Who else would you ask? I’m sure her daughter would be happy to take you to her.”

	From what you’re saying, you’re asking Rinka’s father?

	If he’s good enough to let us into the beastman country, is he a man of high rank? If that’s the case, then it’s probably a lucky thing that I met Rinka in the first place.

	“If I were to send out a letter today, you’d have to stay here for a couple of days until I get a response, is that okay with you?”

	“Everyone’s okay with that, right?”

	“Yeah, we’re fine.”

	Rinka who was sitting next to Kagari-san leaned forward and spoke to Amako as she replied to Amako while confirming with Arc-san.

	“Then that means Amako will be here for a little while, right!”

	“Yes. I guess so.”

	“Yay! There’s so much I wanted to talk to you about!”

	Perhaps she was too happy to be reunited with Amako, but Rinka had a big smile on her face.

	Kagari-san looked at her sideways and gave her a dumbfounded, yet smiling expression.

	“While you guys are here, you can stay here.”

	“…Uh, are you sure? I mean, you’re letting us stay here too.”

	“Yes, it’s fine. We’ve got plenty of room.”

	I hadn’t originally thought of staying here, but I was glad that Kagari-san was a kind man.

	This time, I would take advantage of his kindness.

	“As for the rooms, there are two spare rooms upstairs, you can use them as you like.”

	“Thank you. It’s bad enough that you’re just letting me stay here, please let me know if there’s anything I can do.”

	“Hmmm… then, can I have you chop wood behind the house? As you can see, I’m old, and I’ve been having a hard time chopping wood.”

	“That much is fine by me.”

	“I’ll help you, Usato-dono.”

	Then, after I put my stuff in my room, I’ll chop wood with Arc-san.

	…Chopping wood, huh? I used to do it when I was in the Lingle Kingdom. I’m sure he’ll be happy to know that I’m not the only one who has a problem with this.

	I’m sure Nack and Ferme are being forced to do the same now.

	“Let’s go drop off our stuff as soon as possible.”

	I bowed to Kagari-san and headed upstairs to drop off my luggage.

	At that time, for some reason, Rinka also stood up and tried to follow us, but I thought it was nothing to worry about, so I just opened the door…

	“Wait a minute, Rinka. You’re about to get a lecture.”

	“Yeek! Why? !”

	Kagari-san grabbed Rinka’s head as she tried to follow us.

	Rinka’s face turns pale, but he doesn’t care, and his expression turns grim.

	“I’ve always wanted to say, who would shoot an arrow out of nowhere? It’s a good thing he was mild-mannered… If he had been a dangerous man, you would have been in danger, wouldn’t you?”

	“W-Why are you bringing that up now! You can scold me later!”

	Apparently, Kagari-san was crowned about the daytime attack.

	“Shut it! I don’t remember raising you to be such a violent child!”

	“Usato is not a normal person! He can grab a flying arrow with his bare hands, and he’s even faster than me!”

	“He’ll never do anything so monstrous! You’re being rude to our guest!”

	“I’m telling the truth this time!”

	“I’m not geriatric enough to be fooled by such an obvious lie!”

	“Uwaaaaaah! Help me Amak——!

	…

	After watching the exchange between Kagari-san and Rinka, Amako quietly closed the door.

	After a few moments of silence, she looked up at me as if nothing had happened and pointed to the second floor.

	“Usato, let’s go.”

	“Oh, okay.”

	I don’t know if it’s just me, but it seems like Amako’s treatment of Rinka is very familiar to me…

	Don’t tell me that two years ago you were also…?

	I felt sorry for Rinka, and after giving my hand to the shouts and cries coming from the closed door, I picked up my bags and went upstairs to my room.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	It was Amako who knew how to handle Rinka.





Chapter 125

	After we decided to visit Kagari-san’s house, me and Arc-san decided to chop wood as he asked us to.

	Amako seemed to be following Rinka who was crying after Kagari-san’s sermon, so it was just me, Arc-san, and Nea at the back of the house where we were chopping wood.

	“Hmph!”

	I swung down the axe I held lightly and split the standing wood in half.

	The sound of the wood splitting with a nice bang made me feel good.

	“Well, it’s been a long time since I chopped wood.”

	“Me too!”

	Arc-san was also chopping firewood at the base of another tree trunk.

	After wiping the sweat from his forehead, Arc-san piles up the broken wood with a fresh smile and looks back at us.

	“Knights who live in quarters basically cook for themselves, so I’ve been doing a lot of chopping wood to start a fire.”

	“Oh, I see. The rescue squad was the same way.”

	We chopped wood steadily while talking about other things.

	For now, I’m going to chop as much wood as Kagari-san instructed, but at this pace, it won’t take much time.

	As I swung the axe down again, Nea who was sitting in a nearby field watching me chop wood, puffed out her cheeks in boredom.

	“…Somehow this is too ordinary and boring.”

	“Hmm? What’s so normal about it? Nea.”

	“You. I came here to see you chopping wood, thinking you’d do something funny as usual, but you’re just chopping wood like normal.”

	“I’m just chopping firewood, what do you expect me to do?”

	As I made a subtle expression, Nea crossed her arms and held up her index finger with a puffy, cheerful expression.

	“That’s right. Why don’t you try splitting the wood in half with just your arm strength? Or how about cutting it in half with a hand sword, or, uh, smashing it with your fists?”

	“It’s not impossible. But I’ll do it if I replace the wood to you.”

	“I’m sorry for the joke!”

	When I suggested this with a big smile, Nea turned pale and apologized.

	In fact, I could do it if I wanted to.

	I’ve never tried it, but I’m sure I could. But I won’t do it because it’s too pointless.

	If I’m going to do it, I prefer something directly related to training… Hmm?

	“Ah, yes. Nea, if you’re free, you can help me train.”

	“…Just out of curiosity, what’re you going to do?”

	When Nea looks at me with quizzical eyes, I explain my training method that I’ve been thinking about for a while.

	“You’re going to cast a restraining spell on me.”

	“Yes.”

	“I’ll move.”

	“Yes.”

	“Of course, it’s hard to move your body when you’re restrained.”

	“Yeah… What’s the point of that?”

	“You’ll get a workout.”

	“You’re an idiot, aren’t you?”

	I gave a supremely concise explanation, but Nea cursed me out.

	I wondered what was wrong about it.

	As I tilted my head, Nea’s face twitched.

	“Your magic strengthens my body. What’s wrong about that?”

	“A lot of things are wrong about it! Magic isn’t meant to train your body! There isn’t even a precedent for it!”

	“Then you and I are the leading experts.”

	“You can’t just throw me in there!”

	The image was of chopping wood with a training cast on my body.

	Now I can chop wood just fine, but I’m sure that restraining my body and putting a heavy load on it will give my body a good workout.

	“Come on, let’s give it a try.”

	“Sigh, why do I have to do this…?”

	Grudgingly, Nea transforms into her owl form and moves to my shoulder.

	“This is kind of disgusting, so I’m going to pour a restraining spell on just the upper half of your body.”

	“Heh. That’s what I want.”

	A restraining spell is cast on me from Nea.

	The purple pattern covered only the upper half of my body, and I couldn’t move as if my body was tied down.

	I look at my palms in a slow motion and grin at the load on my body.

	“…Tssuu! You’re doing good, Nea…!”

	“T-This is just wrong. I’m sure I’m more proficient and more restrained than before, so why can you move normally…?”

	I was once subjected to a restraining spell that Nea had concocted over the course of six hours, and now my body is still restricted by the same level of restraint.

	The restraints are limited, but I guess that means Nea is also growing up on this trip.

	“Fu-fufu.”

	“Your face is getting scary, too. Are you okay? If it’s too hard to move, I’ll stop, okay?”

	“No need. Keep going…!”

	I knew I had the right idea.

	If I used this, I would be able to take another step forward.

	I let my excitement get the better of me and raised the axe I was holding tightly.

	My upper body creaked and screamed, but I healed it with a thin layer of healing magic.

	I put all my strength into wielding the axe, not just with my arms, but with my entire body, and I stared at the wood standing below me.

	“Hmph!”

	—–I swung the axe down with all my strength.

	At the moment, the restraining spell on my upper body shattered, and the axe shattered the firewood as it burst apart.



	Still, the momentum of the axe was not diminished, and with a roar, it plunged deep into the trunk of the foundation tree, carving a large crack into the ground.

	Finally, the handle of the axe couldn’t take it anymore and snapped from the middle.

	Silence reigned over the scene.

	I looked at the broken handle and looked at Nea on my shoulder with a straight face.

	“Nea, I don’t think I can chop wood with this training method.”

	“You should have known that before you did it! Damn it, Arc! Say something to this monster!”

	When Nea turned to look at Arc-san, he was looking at a different place than us, and his face was slightly pale.

	It’s not often that Arc-san’s face turns pale. With a bad premonition, I turned my gaze to the direction where Arc-san was looking, and—

	“””—“””

	Five beastman children poked their heads out of the bushes and looked at me in astonishment.

	I looked again at the devastation I had created.

	Shattered wood.

	A tree trunk smashed in half.

	Cracks running into the ground.

	Oh no!

	If I don’t hurry up and explain the situation to the kids, my impression of them will be fixed as a monster…!

	“Um, you guys–“

	“Hiiii! Don’t eat me!”

	“Let’s get out of here, guys!”

	“Oh, don’t leave me here!”

	“What kind of creatures are humans?”

	“Ugh!”

	The beastman children ran away from the scene like rabbits.

	I let out a sigh and shrugged my shoulders after being dumbfounded for a while by the children who had disappeared in the blink of an eye.

	I let out a sigh and coughed, “I don’t know what to think. Right, Nea?”

	“Isn’t it because of you that people’s impressions are fixed in the wrong direction?”

	“Haha, I know of those who can do this.”

	“No one I know can do this, though.”

	…

	What should I do?

	I tried to keep the mood of relief, but the situation was at its worst.

	If I don’t do something, I’m going to be their benchmark for the rest of humanity. No matter how good I am at escaping reality, I understand that this is a very bad idea.

	“Also, I have to tell Kagari-san that I broke this place…”

	The ground was heavily cracked, and the tree trunk was smashed in half.

	I’m afraid to even imagine what kind of reaction I’ll get, but I guess I’ll just have to be honest with him.

	I’ll have to be honest.





* * *



	When I reported to Kagari-san that I had broken the foundation of the wood chopper, he unexpectedly forgave me.

	However, when I came back after seeing the wood chopping site, he asked me with an indescribable expression, “Oh, how did you do this? He asked me.

	When I answered the question truthfully, he ran upstairs to Amako and Rinka, shouting “Rinka’s words were true!” He then asked her to forgive him for not trusting his granddaughter. Kagari-san’s voice echoed in the room as she begged for Rinka’s forgiveness.

	…Well, I’m glad to see that the cracks in the family have been mended.

	“Is it a party?”

	“Yes, Amako has returned to this land after being missing for two years. I thought we should have at least one thing to celebrate.”

	When the sun had set and the surroundings were dark, Kagari-san, who had sent Huberd to the Beastmen Country, told us that a party would be held at the hidden village.

	Apparently, the event was to celebrate Amako’s return to her homeland.

	“I said it was fine…”

	Amako looked annoyed.

	Kagari-san put his hand on his chin.

	“What do you mean? When shall we rejoice in the return of our Lord, the poet of time, if not now?”

	“Everyone just wants to make a scene, don’t they?”

	“Hahaha, that’s half of it.”

	…Do the beastmen like to party?

	From what I’ve heard, it’s a banquet-like affair.

	“Not me, but basically, beastmen love festivals and banquets.”

	“Heh, I see.”

	I let out a dismayed voice at Amako who said that in a low voice.

	Hmm? If the beasts like such events, shouldn’t we humans not go to the banquet? I don’t want the atmosphere to be bad because of us.

	“It’s better if the human me and Arc-san don’t go, isn’t it?”

	“No, I’ve already talked to the people in the village. I don’t want to force you to come, but I would like you to come as well, in the sense of exchange between humans and beasts.”

	If that’s the case…

	After getting Arc-san’s approval, I’ll tell Kagari-san that I’ll be attending the banquet with him.

	A banquet of beasts… What in the world is this all about?

	We waited for the night to fall, secretly excited about the banquet, which was different from our previous trips.





* * *



	We waited for night to fall.

	After that, Kagari-san and Rinka took us to the center of the hidden village. Even at night, it was not so dark here, as the houses and streets were lit up, and it even seemed brighter.

	Among them, there was one place that shone with a particularly bright light.

	It was crowded with most of the beastmen living in the hidden village. The party itself had not yet started, or perhaps the food and drinks had not yet been touched.

	When the beastmen noticed us, accompanied by Kagari-san, they all looked at us.

	Telling us to stop, Kagari-san moved to the center of the group and shouted loudly, unimaginably loud from the outside.

	“Some of you may have been worried by our unexpected visitors today… Don’t worry about that! They are brave men and women who have come here from distant lands to protect and support their people! Today’s banquet is a celebration of the return of the heir to the time poem to our land, and a chance to interact with the humans who have kept their distance until now!”

	The reaction of the beasts to Kagari-san’s voice was thin.

	Some applauded sparsely, while others looked troubled, as if they didn’t know how to respond.

	After a few moments of silence, Kagari-san let out a sigh, took a deep breath, and raised his voice again.

	“In other words, we should eat, drink, and get along!”

	“‘Ooohhh!

	Is that alright?!?!

	The beastmen turned from silence and started to party.

	When he came back this way, Kagari-san held his forehead with a tired expression.

	“A-are you alright?”

	“Yeah, I just had a bit of a headache from the flippancy of the villagers. Usato, you’re going to enjoy this feast to the fullest.”

	Nodding at his words, Kagari-san smiled softly and walked away from us.

	Enjoy, huh?

	That’s also true… I’ve been taking breaks when I can, but I’ve never ruffled feathers and had fun.

	Besides, Amako finally got to see her friends back home.

	Let’s get into the beastmen’s country and let them enjoy the time they have now before things get too noisy.

	“Amako, why don’t you go and have dinner with Rinka?”

	“…Usato and the others?”

	“Sure, we’ll eat too. But it’s not often you get a chance like this, so you might as well eat with friends you haven’t seen in a while.”

	Amako looked at Rinka and me in turn, annoyed.

	Anticipating her reaction, I call out to Rinka, who is surprised by my suggestion.

	“Rinka.”

	“Heh, what’s… what is troubling you?”

	Why are you using honorifics? I push Amako away from me and let her go ahead of me.

	“Take care of this girl, okay?”

	“Wait a minute, Usato, I’m not a child to be worried about–“

	“Yes!”

	Rinka smiled at my words and pulled away from the disgruntled Amako, heading towards the table with the food.

	“So, do you want us to sit down at a suitable place and eat?”

	“There’s a table that’s just empty, let’s sit there.”

	After confirming that we could sit at the place that Arc-san had pointed out, we approached the place that was crowded with the beasts of the village to get drinks and food.

	But what a variety of dishes there are.

	Fish dishes and meat dishes were being served and cut up on a platter.

	“I wonder if I can get a small portion to take back to Bluerin.”

	I muttered to myself as I took a drink from a wooden cup and looked at the food on the table.

	As most of the beastmen in the village had gathered for the banquet, there were many dishes on the table.

	Moreover, I was surprised to see that there were still more dishes being prepared.

	“Yo.”

	“Yes?”

	I put my hand on my chin and was wondering which one I should eat when a voice called out from next to me.

	I look over to see a large man, one head taller than me.

	With its yellow and black tail, it looks like a tiger beast. The fierce atmosphere gives me the impression of a tiger.

	“This is the first time a human being has come here. I’ve heard stories from the village chief, but you’re not bad guys, right?”

	“I don’t think I’m a bad person if I do say so myself.”

	I replied to his words of confirmation, and he laughed boldly next to me.

	“Haha, sorry, sorry. Well, it’s just a confirmation… But you’re as nice a guy as you look. Are you sure you’re the healing magician?”

	“Yes, I am. And you are?”

	“Oh, I’m sorry. My name is Daitetsu. I’m one of the hunters in this village.”

	“I’m Usato. I’m a healing magician who came with Amako.”

	After we introduced ourselves to each other, Daitetsu-san tilted his head at the contents of the cup I was holding.

	I haven’t sipped it yet, but the contents look like squeezed fruit juice, not alcohol or something… Is there something wrong with it?

	“What the hell, you don’t drink alcohol?”

	“Oh, alcohol. Haha, I’m still too young to drink…”

	“You can’t drink?… You’re seventeen or so, right? What kind of place did you grow up in that you can’t drink?”

	“Well,… It’s a place… far from here?”

	It’s another world, though, so it’s as far away as it sounds.

	But if you were to ask me if I could drink or not, I’d say I couldn’t drink at all.

	I don’t know if it’s genetic, but neither of my parents are very good at drinking.

	”I guess humans and us have different perceptions,” muttered Daitetsu-san, sipping the alcohol in his hand, and as I chuckled, something that sounded like a cheer went up behind me.

	“What, are you surprised…?”

	I turned around and saw that there was a crowd of people, and in the center of the crowd, two beastly men had their shoulders and elbows on the table and were grabbing each other’s right hands – like arm wrestling.

	Curious, I decided to ask a question to Daitetsu-san, who was also looking in my direction.

	“Daitetsu-san, what are they doing with that?”

	“Hmm? Oh, it’s like a contest of strength between the men of the village. On feast days like this, everyone competes to see who has the best arm.”

	“Really?”

	In front of my eyes, I saw two beastman men arm-wrestling in a desperate manner.

	It looks like a normal arm-wrestling match, but it looks interesting.

	Since it doesn’t look like a fight, is it okay if I join in?

	“Would it be okay if I joined in?”

	I asked, and Daitetsu-san, who rolled his eyes, laughed in amusement.

	The beastman men laughed just like Daitetsu-san, and the beastman women told me that I shouldn’t do it, as if they were worried about my safety.

	Daitetsuu-san shook his head in response to the voice urging him to stop.

	“If he wants to try it, why don’t you let him try it? He’s a man, he’s probably interested in this kind of power competition.”

	He crossed his arms and nodded his head in agreement, while the others around him let out their disgust.

	In fact, it was because he was interested in a power comparison that he said that… Was it a little too light-hearted?

	“Well then, Usato. I’ll just explain the rules to you.”

	“Dad, no!”

	“Hey, what’s up? Kotetsu.”

	A child stopped Daitetsu-san from turning to me to explain the rules.

	I looked at the child, wondering if he was his son, and my face twitched.

	This was the same kid who had witnessed the whole mess I had caused during the day.

	“T-Those people are so bad! Especially that Nii-chan!”

	“…Hahaha, sorry Usato. When I was putting this guy to bed, I was telling him that bad kids get kidnapped by humans, so he’s weirdly scared.”

	“Oh, really?”

	What’s with that monster under your bed treatment?

	But it seems like it would work great on a young child. The kid in front of me is probably scared of me for other reasons, though.

	“You know, even Dad might lose,…”

	“Oh come on, who do you think I am? I’m your dad, remember? And don’t you forget, I can match strength with an ogre. I’m not that bad.”

	Daitetsu-san gently placed his hand on the child’s head.

	He smiled at the child, who had turned over with an anxious look on his face, and then looked at me with a troubled smile.

	“Don’t worry… Well, I’ll go easy on you, okay? There are some quirky species differences, you know?”

	“Yeah, yeah,…”

	…This is tough.

	What is this, I have to compete with a father who has declared victory over his son, and the way things are going, I’m not supposed to win.

	It’s not that I’m proud of my power, but I’m confident enough to compete with the beast.

	“Hmm, wait,…”

	No, on second thought, I don’t have to take it that seriously right?

	If I can show that I’m a normal human being here, losing without competing badly, I can dispel the misunderstanding with the kids during the day.

	“Well, no matter how fast he is, he’s no match for you in strength. Right, Amako.”

	“…Not good.”

	“Oh, what’s bad? Eh, Amako?”

	Before I knew it, I heard Rinka’s voice talking to Amako who was behind me, but she didn’t answer and silently tugged at the hem of my uniform.

	“What is it, Amako? If it’s about the match, don’t worry about it, don’t be so serious—-“

	“Usato, be serious.”

	“Huh?”

	I couldn’t help but be taken aback by Amako who said that to me with a miffed expression.

	What did you just say,…?

	“Beastmen are tough, so don’t worry if Usato is serious.”

	“Eh, no, but for real–“

	“It would be rude to go easy on him.”

	“Oh, okay.”

	I nodded at her words as she saw through my thoughts.

	Did she see a future where I would be mocked by the beasts with her precognition magic? If I had offended them, I would feel very bad.

	I don’t like being treated like a monster, but I’d hate it even more if I make Amako feel uncomfortable.

	“…Aite, can’t be helped. Let’s do it.”

	After leaving my undressed uniform with Amako, I went up to the stage where the arm-wrestling was to take place.

	If we’re going to have a serious arm-wrestling match, I’m curious to see how strong Daitetsu-san is, who has mentioned that he’s as strong as an ogre.

	“Daitetsu-san. I’m going to with my full strength.”

	“Huh? But……”

	Daitetsu-san rolled his eyes when he saw my short-sleeved arms, but he seemed to be hesitating whether he should be serious or not.

	The beasts around him threw a wild look at him.

	“Isn’t that fine, Daitetsu-san? He seems to be serious too…”

	“It’d be unmanly of you to go easy on him here.”

	“You’re going to show your son a good time, aren’t you?”

	“Yeah! I know what you mean! I don’t care if you get hurt!

	Daitetsu-san who had gone up to the stage like me, put his right elbow on the table with a thump.

	Taking a small deep breath, I grab his right hand and get ready.

	“I’m a healing magician. Wounds and broken bones I can heal in no time. So I’ll say it again. Daitetsu-san—–please be serious.”

	“…!”

	The second time I said it, the grip on my right hand became stronger, as if I was ready to do so.

	I can sense his seriousness and he also put more strength into my hand.

	The beastman man, who was the referee, judged that the preparations were complete when he and I fell silent, and placed his hand on the right hand that we had both grasped — signaling the beginning.

	“Nuh-uh!”

	“Hmph!”

	Strong…!

	I’m sure he’s an experienced fighter, and he put a lot of strength into his arm at the same time as I did, and he tried to knock my arm down with an unusual amount of force—-but I’m trained enough not to be beaten that easily.

	I clenched my teeth and fought back.

	“———–Hmph, this is…!”

	“Hey, Daitetsu-san. Are you taking it easy on me?”

	“I-It’s not moving at all.”

	The beasts around me rustled, as if they sensed something was wrong.

	No matter how much effort he put into it, he couldn’t push it any further, and Daitetsu-san looked astonished.

	He’s strong, certainly as strong as the ogre that attacked us before we entered Mia Rak.

	But still—

	“Wha—-You kidding me!”

	“Tsk!”

	It’s not even close to the strongest enemy I’ve ever fought…!

	I held my breath and slammed his arm down on the table with all my strength.

	“…Phew.”

	Stunned, I huffed at the sound of the referee’s voice announcing my victory, and looked around to see that the party that had been so lively earlier was now as silent as midnight.

	The silence hurt.

	The stares hurt, too.

	I can’t help but feel like I’ve done something wrong.

	When I looked at Nea, who was sitting watching me, she was looking at me with an expression that said, “I told you so.”

	When I looked at Daitetsu-san in front of me, he gave a small shake of his shoulders.

	“Ya, I guess I fucked up…”

	I’m not sure if it was a good idea to beat him in front of his child.

	No, in the first place, it was too insane for a normal human (emphasis added) to win against a beastman.

	Either way, the fact remains that I’ve done something wrong.

	As I was dreading Daitetsu-san’s reaction, I noticed that he was muttering something.

	“Damn it,…”

	“Huh?”

	“Interesting! Let’s play again! Usato!”

	“What?”

	Daitetsu-san’s pupils narrowed vertically as if he had just found his prey.

	It was not long before he was overwhelmed by his belligerence, and as if inspired by him, the beastman men around him were also boiling with the will to fight.

	“There are some strong people out there!”

	“Next time, it’ll be with me!”

	“No, I’ll take this one!”

	The beasts were challenging me to a fight.

	They’re all too big and too hot for me…!

	I don’t know what to do, so I ask Arc-san for help.

	“A-Arc-san! Wait, help–“

	“Could it be that this sour flavoring is Kuki fruit?”

	“Oh, you know exactly what you’re talking about. It’s ground kuki nuts mixed into the soup. I know it’s not what you’re used to, but how does it taste?”

	“Yes, it’s very good.”

	“Oh, um, you can have some of this, too…”

	He’s having a conversation with the beastwomen while enjoying the food?!?!

	Normally Arc-san would help me, but he’s too busy taste testing to notice me!

	So, then, Nea…

	“Listen here okay? I’m not like that guy, I’m normal.”

	“But you turned into an owl, didn’t you?”

	“You have animal ears and a tail. It’s the same thing.”

	“Oh, that’s true.”

	“The owl is cute.”

	“Owl, change form.”

	“Yes, yes, I get it. I’m tired of talking to kids.”

	Nea, surrounded by children and with an expression on her face, exclaims as she transforms into an owl.

	She is clearing up the children’s misunderstandings (only those against her)…!

	You’re deviating a lot from your true nature as a partner who helps their master, oi!

	“Usato, don’t worry. I’ll be watching you.”

	Amako, I don’t know what to be relieved about in this situation.

	In fact, why are you smiling like you’ve accomplished so much?

	A little further away, Amako is sitting in a chair next to the pale face of Rinka, looking at me.

	There was only one choice I could make.

	I had to do something.

	If I’m going to be rejected either way, I’m going to go all the way.

	“I don’t care if they treat me like a freak! I’ll beat them all!”

	With a thump, I slammed my arm on the table and got into an arm wrestling match with the beasts who were burning with fighting spirit.





* * *



	In the end, after all the arm-wrestling I had done, I was perceived by the beast children and women as a monster in human form, while the beast men saw me as a human being with extraordinary strength.

	…As a side note, Arc-san and Nea seemed to have made a good impression on both the children and the women.

	I don’t know why, I should know why, but I feel very uncomfortable.





Chapter 126

	Last night was really tough…!

	Challengers came one after the other.

	The heat of the moment made me accept the challenge and beat them all, and as expected, I was officially judged as inhuman by the beast children.

	No, to be more precise, I guess it’s more accurate to say that I made them realize that humans are such creatures.

	Anyway, I became friends with the old beastmen.

	“Well, that’s good. It’s much better than being stared at, right?”

	“Yeah, but, you know, there’s something about this difference in treatment…”

	Early in the morning, I was sitting at the table in Kagari-san’s living room with my head in my hands, being comforted by Amako sitting next to me. Aside from me and Amako, there were also Arc-san, Nea, and Rinka sitting at the table.

	Last night, I left too much to the momentum of the moment, even though it was my own fault.

	Towards the end of the party, I felt like I was treating the tough guys from the rescue squad. I don’t know, maybe I got drunk from the smell of alcohol.

	“Haha, because I noticed that you were arm-wrestling with a belligerent smile on your face.”

	“Was I showing such a face?”

	“Yes, you looked like you were having a great time.”

	Sure, the arm-wrestling itself was fun, but it wasn’t as painful as the obviously donkey-eyed kids and the stares of the women.

	“Nea, you’re the most wicked vampire… who’s ever shown herself off to a child!”

	“What do you mean, ‘most evil’?”

	Nea, who was sitting in front of me, reacted to my complaint without concern.

	I was joking about the evil, but I wondered why I was treated like a monster and she, a demon, was treated like a human.

	“Your face is not scary at the very least.”

	“I’m aware that I’m scary, but not to the point of being evil.”

	“Hmm, only you don’t know that.”

	I couldn’t say anything back to Nea, who said that to me in a very triumphant way.

	Amako puts her hand on my shoulder.

	“It’s okay, Usato. Even if you look scary, Usato is still Usato.”

	I thought she was comforting me, but she affirmed my evil face.

	Yeah, is it a known fact that I already have a vicious face…?

	I don’t know what kind of face to make in anger from now on.

	My shoulders slumped and I felt depressed. At that time, Rinka, who had been silent for a long time next to Amako, gushed out.

	“I don’t know, I just feel stupid for being so weirdly scared.”

	“Rinka?”

	“I’ve been thinking about it since last night, and I knew Amako was right. The people you believed in weren’t bad people.”

	Amako rolled her eyes at Rinka’s words.

	When we were as surprised as Amako, Rinka turned her gaze to me.

	“It’s true that Usato is strong enough to beat all the adults in our village, and he’s also faster than me, a wolf beast. He’s a monster, to be honest. But if you look at him properly, you’ll see that he’s not a bad person. Yesterday, he was thinking about Amako and let me talk to her…”

	After saying that, Rinka gets up from her seat and walks up to me.

	Confused by her behavior, she bowed her head vigorously.

	“I’m sorry about yesterday! I didn’t know what was going on and shot the arrow!”

	For my part, I didn’t expect her to apologise because I had scared her more than she had scared me.

	Confused by the sudden apology, I responded with a smile that was as reassuring as possible.

	“I can’t help it if you were acting to help Amako. Besides, I scared you too, so we’re even.”

	“Oh, really? I’d feel a lot better if you’d just say that.”

	“Hmph!”

	“Kyaa!?”

	Amako, who had a smile on her face, slammed her hand into the back of Rinka’s head.

	It was only a light tap, but Rinka jumped up with a cute scream at the sudden hand sword from behind.

	“Hey, what are you doing! You startled me.”

	“I don’t think you should do that after apologizing.”

	“No, it’s fine! Because Usato says he’ll forgive me!”

	“What?”

	“Hee! I won’t be frightened even if you give me such scary eyes!”

	Amako’s face was expressionless as she faced the teary-eyed Rinka.

	Even though she says she’s not scared, Amako’s gaze becomes even sharper as Rinka hides behind me while I’m sitting down.

	They’re such good friends.

	It’s not often that I see Amako bare her emotions like this, which makes me smile.

	“Amako, the Hootbird I sent yesterday is back. He also had a letter from my son.”

	While I was watching their exchange, Kagari-san came into the living room.

	That’s fast of them to answer.

	After receiving the letter from Kagari-san, Amako opened it, which was neatly folded, and looked through it.

	“…Kagari-san. Can I trust you with this?”

	“My son is your mother’s best friend. And he’s not the kind of man who’d be clever enough to cheat anyone.”

	“…Yeah, okay.”

	“Amako, what did it say?”

	I ask Amako, who is upset by the letter.

	“It said that they would arrange for us to come in from the back.”

	“Does that mean we’re in?”

	“Yes. That’s what it says.”

	I could understand Amako’s suspicion.

	At any rate, it was strange to think that they would allow not only Amako but also me and Arc-san to enter the country. You can suspect a trap against me and Arc-san, who are human.

	“It’s okay, Amako. My dad, he’s the kind of guy who’s always smiling and laughing.”

	“Yes, but…”

	Amako is stunned by Rinka’s words.

	Anxiety, I guess.

	My healing magic is essential to saving Amako’s mother. If I get caught before I can save her mother, that won’t happen either.

	“What should we do, Arc-san?”

	“I think we should go. Currently, the only way to enter the beastmen’s country is to hide our identities or enter without being seen, so this story is not a bad one for us.”

	Normally, it would be difficult to even enter this place just because you are human.

	As much as I have to hide my identity, there is no better story than if they invite me in from that side.

	“Is it worth worrying about now? Either way, we have no choice but to enter the beastman country to help Amako’s mother.”

	“…I guess so.”

	I nodded at Nea’s words.

	If they betray us, we can think of another move. It’s a shame that we won’t be able to give them the letter, but as long as we can save Amako’s mother, which was our original goal, it’s fine.

	“Amako, let’s go to the beastmen’s country for now.”

	“…Yeah.”

	Amako looked uneasy, but nodded.

	“Kagari-san, how far is it to the Land of Beastmen?”

	“It’s not that far from here. On foot, it’s about an hour or two.”

	That’s pretty close, isn’t it?

	Then we can head there today.

	After confirming with Arc-san and the others, I tell Kagari-san that we’ll be leaving today.

	“Then, we will leave for the Beastmen Country after I send a letter with the date and time of arrival to the Beastmen Country by HootBird.”

	“That’s fast. Well, I guess that can’t be helped… Rinka”

	“Hmm? What, Grandpa?”

	“Take them to the Beastmen Country. And while you’re at it, go show my late son some face.”

	“Yeah, I’ll show them around, but I don’t want to see my father.”

	Rinka gives him a wry look.

	He doesn’t like her father? But it’s not that she doesn’t like him, it’s that he’s a pain in the ass.

	I wonder what kind of person he is. I’m sure he holds a high position in the beast tribe because he is in a position to invite us in.

	…Let’s ask her name, just in case.

	“Kagari-san, may I ask the name of Rinka’s father?”

	“Oh, I didn’t tell you that. My son’s name is Hayate. He’s the assistant to the chief of his country.”

	“Chief’s assistant?”

	The chief is the chief of the beastman tribe, right? Isn’t it pretty amazing to be an assistant to someone like that?

	I didn’t know that Rinka’s father is a higher-ranking person than I thought.





* * *



	As we were making preparations at the exit of the village to leave the hidden village, we saw many beasts gathering there.

	I wondered what was going on, but it seemed that the people in the village had already heard that we were leaving for the land of the beasts.

	Arc-san was saying goodbye to the beastwomen he had talked to yesterday, Nea was saying goodbye to the children, and as for me…

	“Go for it, Usato.”

	“I’m looking forward to the day when we can compare strength again!”

	“You may look human, but inside you’re even more impressive than we are!”

	I was about to be sent off with a smile by men who were a size larger than me.

	The temperature in my vicinity was rising…! I’m glad that everyone is trying to send me off with a smile, but I can’t help but feel my smile twitching.

	It’s not that I’m not a good person, it’s just that I’ve been treated more like an alien than a beast…

	“Usato.”

	“Oh, Daitetsu-san.”

	In the midst of all this, Daitetsu-san called out to me.

	“I didn’t expect you to leave so early, man.”

	“I’m sorry,…”

	“No need to apologize. I know what you’ve come into our land for.”

	Did the chief tell the people of the village about us last night?

	For a moment, Daitetsu-san glanced toward Amako, then placed his large hand on my shoulder.

	“Hang in there, Usato. You’re definitely going to save that kid’s mother, right?”

	“Yes, of course. That’s why I’m here.”

	I nodded, and Daitetsu-san smiled pleasantly at me.

	It all started when I asked Amako to show me a future where inugami senpai and Kazuki would die. Then, after going through many hardships, we finally arrived at this point.

	“Well, I’m sure you’ll be fine. If there’s anything I’m worried about, it’s what happens to people who fight with you! After all, you have more strength than an ogre! I don’t even want to imagine being hit by the fists of a monster like that!

	“Ha… ha… ha…”

	I was impressed that I got nothing to say.

	Well, I can’t say I’ve ever punched an ogre before. But I’d go easy on a normal human opponent, okay?

	It’s just that the ones I’ve had to really move against, like the wicked dragon, Karon, and Leona-san, have been strange.

	“Usato-dono, we’re about to leave.”

	“Ah, yes. Take care, everyone…”

	“Oh. Take care, Usato.”

	After replying to Arc-san, who had his horse and Bluerin carry my luggage on his backs, I said goodbye to Daitetsu-san once again, then departed the hidden village and headed for the Land of Beasts.

	I had no idea what kind of place the Beastmen Country would be, but now that I had come this far, I had no choice but to go there.

	If we can save Amako’s mother without any trouble, that would be fine.





* * *



	We left the hidden village and headed for the land of the beasts.

	Currently, Rinka is guiding us along a treeless path through the trees, but I’m still worried about not having a path to walk on.

	If we were to get separated, I’m sure I’d get lost as I don’t know the area.

	By not creating a… path, was this an attempt to lead people astray as they entered the beasts’ territory? I may be overthinking this, but I’m not used to this land, and I’m sufficiently annoyed by it.

	“Lemme borrow your shoulder!”

	“Yeah, no problem.”

	As I walked along, lost in thought, Nea, who had somehow transformed into her owl form, jumped onto my shoulder.

	As for me, there’s no reason to refuse her since it’s something I do all the time, but I’d like her to walk by herself once in a while.

	“Usato.”

	“Hmm? What’s the matter? What’s wrong with your voice?”

	As I was thinking this, Nea jumped on my shoulder and spoke to me in a hushed voice.

	When I turned to Nea in question, she looked sideways at Amako and whispered in the same way as before, so that only I could hear.

	“Amako has a good ear.”

	…Is there something she doesn’t want Amako to hear? The fact that she cut it out before going to the land of the beastmen might mean it was that important.

	…Amako is chatting with Rinka at the front?

	I casually slow down and step away from Amako, and speak to Nea in a hushed voice.

	“So, what is it?”

	“I want to ask you something about the future.”

	“The future?”

	“It’s about what’s going to happen after we enter the Land of Beasts.”

	“…”

	After we’ve entered the land of the beastmen, huh?

	Well, if Nea had to talk about anything right now, it would be this topic.

	I look over at Amako walking in front of me and open my mouth to Nea.

	“As you probably know, Amako is a very special person even in the Land of Beastmen.”

	“Yeah.”

	Rose is the Princess of Time Chanting, or something like that.

	She recites time, and is a user of precognitive magic. She has no physical attacks, but she is the most powerful magic I know.

	How could I not consider such magic to be special?

	“I think it’s fishy. Because there are too many weird things about it. Amako’s mother slipping into an unexplained coma, beasts relentlessly searching for Amako. And the letter that said it was a good idea to let the humans Usato and Arc into the beastman country today.”

	Nea was right, there were many oddities.

	Why didn’t Amako’s mother wake up? There must be a reason why she collapsed.

	Was she cursed in some way, like Eva, or did she fall ill? Worst of all, there was no denying the possibility that a third party had prevented her from waking up.

	“Maybe the girl knows what she’s doing.”

	“…I’m sure she does. But we can’t afford not to go.”

	There’s still hope to save her, so we can’t abandon her.

	It’s like the bait that calls out to Amako, who has left the Land of Beastmen–
