	Don’t lose your concentration.

	Use the angle skillfully to soften the impact to a minimum.

	I breathed in the hot air that almost burned my throat and concentrated on the sword in front of me.

	“You’re surprisingly persistent…!”

	“Fuh…”

	I blocked the sword that was approaching in an arcing trajectory with the scabbard that I pulled out as quickly as I could. I threw away the cracked scabbard, letting the impact escape behind and looked ahead. Without pausing, a crushing slash came from above.

	In the face of a clear sense of death, I immediately put magic power into my flaming sword and swung it up, creating a flame that erupted from below.

	The slash of flames swung down was offset by the flames that erupted from below and disappeared.

	Amira’s reaction was a little surprised, but she didn’t stop slashing at me with her sword.

	“…You’re a skillful guy. You look like a force to be reckoned with, but it’s not that surprising.”

	“Thanks for that…!”

	I managed to catch the sword, but I’m about to be crushed…!

	Unlike me, who was dying to get through each blow, Amira had a clear margin of error.

	It’s no wonder.

	What I do with my sword, she does with her whole body, and she does it in a natural way.

	Our death-defying attack is just a sword fight for her.

	“But still, you’re not far behind me…!”

	“…!”

	“Release!”

	In the heat that almost burns my throat, Amira supremely calmly tries to crush me with force.

	However, just before she does, Hayate-dono and the others provide magical support, and I manage to dispel her sword and shoot a magic bullet to separate us from the distance.

	“That level of magic won’t work! Any half-hearted attack will result in death!”

	“Ah, everyone, get out of here!”

	She drowns out the magic with her side-swiping flames and shoots a crescent-shaped flame in the direction of Hayate-dono and the others. The flames hit the spot where Hayate-dono and the others were and created a huge spark.

	They seemed to be able to avoid it just in time, but a few of them lost their will to fight because of it.

	“You can’t afford to be concerned about others!”

	“Hah.”

	I huffed and turned my attention back to Amira, she was already raising her sword.

	Once again, as I boosted my magic power to surpass the onslaught, something blue entered my vision from the side.

	“Guo!”

	“I won’t let you!”

	“What?”



	As I was about to swing my sword at Amira, Bluerin and Nea in owl form were rushing towards me from the side.

	I fired a flame with my non-sword hand, but it was nullified by the resistance spell that Nea had cast on Bluerin, and she finally backed away as soon as she evaded.

	“I see, I thought that an owl that understands human language was rare, but… you’re the vampire from earlier, if you’re going to handle magic, I can’t be more careless—-“

	“Bluerin! Retreat! I-If I get hit by that thing, there won’t be any dust left, let alone a roasted owl! You have to be discreet about it, don’t let it catch you attacking!?”

	“Guru.”

	Bluerin shakes his head and sniffs at Nea’s words.

	When Bluerin returns such a reaction, Nea gasps and holds her mouth with her wing and hits Bluerin’s head with the other wing.

	“Can you not show such motivation?!?! Do you have any idea how dangerous that thing is? Don’t fight that thing head on!”

	“…guh.”

	Following Nea’s instructions to pat him on the back and urge him to run away, Bluerin keeps a certain distance from Amira.

	Amira was momentarily taken aback by Nea’s unexpected speaking, but she quickly regained her composure.

	“That’s really interesting. You’d think he’d be the only one who stands out as a healing magician, but colour me surprise. It’s worth it for me to come up with this technique.”

	I take a moment to breathe as Amira lowers her sword.

	She pointed at the wall of flames and gave a small smile.

	“You guys can hear it, too. The sounds of battle echoing from behind this wall.”

	“The sound…?”

	I listened carefully to her words and heard a sound coming from behind the wall of flames.

	The sound of something hitting something and the sound of steel clashing.

	I didn’t have to think about the source of the sound. It was the sound of a battle between Usato-dono and the commander of the Second Legion.

	“I’m sure they’re fighting over there, too. And it’s an unusual fight. They said he wasn’t that serious, but that’s probably a lie. There’s no way he wouldn’t get serious against that Rose disciple.”

	“…He’s still fighting? Usato-dono is…”

	I was relieved.

	He’s still fighting.

	He is undaunted by the enemy, who is probably just as good as she is in front of me.

	That alone was enough to keep my heart from faltering.

	“You are a strong warrior. There’s no holding back in any of the attacks you’ve made so far, so I’ll ask you —- why aren’t you using your flames for real?”

	“…!?”

	I felt my heart being grabbed by those words.

	I’m not sure if the astonishment is showing on her face, but Amira still has a calm expression on her face as she speaks.

	“Did you think I wouldn’t notice? I’m a warrior who deals with fire magic. I understand fire better than anyone else.”

	Even so, I hadn’t expected her to notice me that much.

	Before my own strength, she had a better sense of what it was like to be a flame wielder.

	“I’m a warrior like you. I’m sure there’s some reason for that…, but that is not my concern. Either you will die without it, or you will use it and die.”

	With that, Amira showed her stance.

	The flames that had been flickering around her gained momentum as she did so.

	“…”

	At this rate, she’s probably right, I’ll be killed.

	No, on the contrary, Bluerin and Nea, as well as Hayate-dono and his friends will be killed without any way to do so.

	…

	“Nea, I need a favour.”

	I talk to Nea where she is on Bluerin’s back and has moved up diagonally behind me.

	Nea, who had been concentrating on Amira, let out a confused sound.

	“I don’t mind, but are you sure?”

	“Yeah. Can I have… put a resistance spell on me?”

	“Resistance to fire, yes. That’s fine. But I’m not sure you can withstand that many times against that many opponents…”

	“No, that’s wrong.”

	Nea looked at me suspiciously.

	I didn’t mind her words, but I say words that can be called my own determination.

	“Please build up my own resistance to magic.”

	“…Alright alright.”

	“Thank you very much.”

	She must have guessed.

	She’s a smart girl. She must have understood what I was trying to do, since I was afraid to use my own magic.

	My magic is fire magic with a power that is extremely close to systemic enhancement.

	Normally, I try not to use it, but it is a double-edged sword that can burn me down if I try to use it spontaneously.

	I’ve hurt a lot of people with it, and in some cases, I’ve given them scars that will never heal. No matter how much I regret it, no matter how much I cry, I can’t do it again.

	“…”

	I’ve always been afraid.

	I’ve been afraid of the power that could be turned against even those I swore to protect.

	So when I turned that power on Usato-dono, my core froze. I knew that I had attacked him with a dangerous technique that, if it struck even once, would have resulted in serious injury.

	Even so, Usato-dono,… Amako-dono, Nea, and Bluerin all relied on me.

	It’s time for me to face them.

	In the battle against the wicked dragon, I unexpectedly turned my power against Usato-dono.

	In Mia Rak, my sword was broken and I was knocked unconscious.

	I am a coward who is too afraid to even use my own power. I’m a fool who faked my true intentions even to my friends and didn’t think to use it until Amira told me.

	“…It was always me who was being saved.”

	This journey has saved me.

	It was one of the most amazing things I’ve ever experienced in my life. Somewhere along the way, the time I spent traveling with them became an invaluable asset to me.

	“That’s why.”

	I want to protect it.

	I want to make sure that all of us can return to the Kingdom of Lingle with smiles on our faces, without missing a single one of us.

	I pulled out another, smaller sword from my waist and gripped it with my other hand.

	“I’ve been finding reasons to wield my power.”

	For that, I don’t hesitate to fight.

	As soon as Nea’s resistance spell is cast, I pour all my magical power into the swords in my hands.

	“Have you made up your mind?”

	“Yes.”

	The flaming swords emit more brilliance and heat than ever before.

	But the heat is too powerful, and Nea’s magic of resistance is cracked.

	I can’t pretend to be something I’m not.

	As Amira said, I made up my mind, grabbed my sword, and slashed at her with two swords.

	“A flaming sword that could be mistaken for a systemic enhancement. Is that your true magical power? I knew that there were rare people who had that kind of talent, but to actually see it in person is tremendous.”

	“I’m honoured if you can describe me as such!”

	I maneuvered my sword and exchanged sword fights with Amira, trying not to let her sword swing from her strength.

	But even so, the difference in ground power — the difference in skill and amount of magic power —- is highlighted, but to make up for it, I now abandon my defense.

	A person with magical power similar to that of a systemic enhancement.

	In the Kingdom of Lingle, Olga-sama, who belongs to the rescue squad team, has the same predisposition as me. I wasn’t a very dexterous person at first. That’s why, when I was just learning magic, I often let my magic run wild, causing trouble for those around me.

	“All my life, I’ve hated this power.”

	As I grew, my power grew stronger, and the power of my flames increased to the point where it was dangerous to not suppress my strength. Once I began to feel the effects of the flames even on myself, due to the harmful effects of the magic that was close to system enhancing, I trained myself to suppress my magic desperately.

	“I hated this power that could hurt me, hurt my friends, and burn up everything I cared about around me…!”

	It’s been in my mind forever.

	The first time I hurt someone. The eyes of the people who looked at me like I was a monster.

	I threw away my defenses and slammed my right sword into Amira.

	But even so, she still tries to deal with it calmly, and the small sword I hold in my other hand is cut up by her. She narrowly avoids it, but the glowing, red-hot sword cuts through her flaming armour.

	“…!”

	“But there are friends who need this power! There are people who are inexplicably kind to me, who rely on me like this!”

	Every time I swing my sword, I hear the sound of something shattering.

	It’s the sound of a resistance spell being broken.

	The heat from my hands is so hot that it almost starts to burn, and the magic itself runs from my arms to my back, releasing it as if it were burning.

	The pain is so intense that I can’t even stay conscious, but I still cross my arms and charge at Amira.

	“I’m going to use this power to clear the way!”

	“Come!”

	Flames collide with flames.

	Even after going this far, I’m still pushed, but.

	“Haaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!”

	“…!”

	Even so, I pushed forward and swung both of my swords as I passed him.

	At that moment, the fire that had spread from my sword-holding arm to my back and the armor of flame that clothed Amira disappeared.

	“…ugh.”

	I drop the hilt of my sword, which has become charred and tattered in my hands, and fall to my knees.

	Breathing hard, I looked behind me and saw Amira, still unharmed, lowering her sword in one hand.

	“…Human persistence is a tremendous thing. Even though it was a suicide attack, it was still able to cut through this magic of mine.”

	Amira put her hand on the cut on her cheek.

	The magic on her body had been sliced through, but the blade had barely reached her flesh.

	The flames that protected her were so tight that it was all she could do to peel them away. But I wasn’t despairing.

	After all, I had accomplished my original goal.

	“But I’ve arrived.”

	“Yes, you did.”

	Behind Amira, a wall made of flames was sliced open in a cross and fizzled out.

	The scene inside becomes clearer as the fire scatters. I become dazed and almost collapse, but Bluerin supports me just in time.

	With his back to me, Nea is looking worriedly in the direction where Usato-dono might be.

	“I’m not sure if I’ll be able to do anything about it… Nice work, knight.”

	Amira puts her sword away, but there is no hint of fighting spirit in her appearance.

	This time, I look beyond the wall that has disappeared.

	Then, the scene that jumped in front of my eyes–

	“Oh no…!”

	The scene that jumped in front of me was that of a beast-like monster about to swing its sharp claws down on Usato-dono, who was bleeding from every part of his body.

	I couldn’t help but shout his name at the sight.





Chapter 140

	Dark magic of Koga Dingal, the leader of the Demon King’s Army’s Second Legion.

	His fighting style was the easiest and most troublesome for me to fight.

	“Hhhhhngh!”

	“Hmph!”

	I blocked Koga’s spinning kick with my gauntlet.

	In return, I try to slam my left fist into his stomach, but before I can do so, his gouging hand blade closes in on me, forcing me to go on the defensive.

	In my fights with him, I was always on the back foot.

	Koga’s movements are unpredictable.

	He runs, leaps, and throws sharp attacks that weave through gaps in the defense. I try to keep up with it, but I can’t seem to move into an attack.

	“This is getting us nowhere.”

	If I can’t go on the offensive at this point, I’ll have to change my approach.

	Having made that decision, I unclenched my right fist, which was equipped with the gauntlet, and stepped forward with all my might.

	“What the hell?”

	If I can’t attack by planning and aiming for a counter, then don’t think and just go for it.

	He won’t be able to jump and punch as long as he likes!

	I defended against the kick, grabbed it, pulled it in and landed a healing punch to the stomach.

	The healing punch that defeated Ferme’s dark magic should also work on Koga, who also has dark magic.

	As I grabbed his leg to see his reaction, he looked up with a horrified voice.

	“That stuff doesn’t work on me.”

	I had a bad feeling, and just as I was about to let go of his leg, Koga’s leg swelled up and threw me off as if his strength had swelled many times over.

	“W-what the hell!”

	“Unfortunately, my dark magic isn’t the same as Ferme’s.”

	I was speechless as I landed on the ground and saw Koga’s form.

	His legs, which I had grabbed a moment ago, had turned into beastly feet that reminded me of wolves.

	“What do I look like to you?”

	Koga continued, turning his hands into sharp, thick claws and one thick arm.

	I half shuddered at his words.

	“A… beast, right?”

	“Yes, that’s right. My dark magic property is ‘beast’. Kind of plain compared to Ferme, right? I’m not as invincible as she is, so I have to be a little more creative. But even still———“

	Koga was on the ground with all four limbs like a quadruped.

	From the shadows beneath his feet, a black band stretches out, its sharp tip pointing at me.

	“It’s not as bad as it sounds?”

	“…!”

	I chose evasion instead of defense against the black band that shot out all at once like rays of light. I avoided the oncoming band and ran across the square to try to find an opening for my opponent, but…

	“Don’t let me distract you!”

	“T-tsk, behind as well?!”

	When did he move to the back? A powerful kick from his swollen, strong legs hits me in the back.

	I landed on the ground with my healing magic on, gritting my teeth and bouncing off the claws with my fist, only to be hit in the side of the head with the back of my other hand.

	My vision wavered, but he still didn’t stop moving to deal with the next attack.

	“Guh!”

	“Ora ora!”

	“Damn you, you keep transforming into that…!”

	I thought he’d transformed, but then he’d transformed some more… what’s really going on?

	I swore as I dodged Koga’s attack, but the other side had some words for me.

	“It’s like you’re transforming out of thin air!”

	“Of course not, you idiot!”

	The situation was unprecedented and I was in a hurry, so I reflexively said something rough.

	I’m going to go without any defense at this point! Even if I get hit a little, I’ll hold back and counterattack!

	I ignored the attack and got into his back at once, and as a return for my earlier attack, I hit him in the side with a powerful knee kick.

	However, I felt a squishy feeling coming from my leg.

	I looked down to see that the spot where the knee had struck me was covered in layers of black strips that had appeared when he had attacked me.

	“If you know where it hits, there’s nothing you can’t prevent.”

	“As if!”

	It was also put out when he first blocked my fist, but I didn’t think it was just a defense without any special abilities!

	It’s really not like Ferme’s magic!

	I try to move away as quickly as I can, but I notice that my knee is caught in the belt.

	When I look up, I see Koga raising his obi-clad claws to slash from below—-

	“Ah shi—!”

	“That gauntlet can’t protect you from this one!”

	The claws and sash swung up like blades, ready to tear me apart.

	The claws were barely defended by the gauntlet, but the band around my body was like a blade.

	“To this extent!”

	I hold back the pain with all my strength and use my unrestrained leg to kick and push Koga’s body to escape. In doing so, I slam my fist into Koga’s body in the form of a blow.

	“I’ll hit you before you grab me!”

	“Oh!”

	I pull my fist back instantly, putting a certain distance between me and Koga, and I check my injuries.

	There’s a little cut on my forehead, and it’s dripping blood, but healing magic can fix it quickly.

	There are also a few cuts on my body from the bandages.

	“…Finally, it’s all torn.”

	Looking at my shoulder, I saw a rather large cut in my uniform.

	I’ve traveled and fought with them for a long time without tearing up, but… it looks like that didn’t happen this time.

	“I’m going to have to keep you company for a bit longer.”

	I can’t help but feel hurt by the uniform.

	I’m not going to be so effeminate as to lament it, and what I need to focus on right now is Koga.

	He was focused on me as he temporarily put his limbs back together.

	“I never thought you’d be able to follow my fighting style this far.”

	“What?”

	“Most of them, when they see my power, they want to fight at a distance, you know? It’s not that I’m not good looking, and I can understand why you wouldn’t want to get close to me. They don’t even realize that distancing yourself from me… is a bad idea.”

	“I’d rather fight far away from you too.”

	“Ha, that’s a terrible thing to say.”

	Koga’s dark magic is a dark armor that transforms the user into a beast, a deformed being.

	The black bands that make up its body can be used for both attack and defense.

	If I tried to fight such an opponent at a distance, I would either be out of range of his physical strength or be pierced by a black belt like the one that attacked me.

	…Can I beat an opponent like this?

	“…, no, no, no.”

	I shake off the negative thoughts.

	I can’t do anything if I’m losing my mind.

	Every ability should have a weakness… I hope so.

	“Well, let’s continue, shall we?”

	“…Sigh.”

	Sighing, I faced Koga, who had once again turned his limbs into those of a beast.

	Even though my injuries were mostly healed, it didn’t change the fact that Koga’s attack power was tremendous. The only thing I can do is try to avoid being caught in the belt as much as possible.

	In order to find a way to survive, I once again challenge myself to an offensive and defensive battle on the edge of my limits.





* * *



	I wonder how long it has been since this battle has started.

	I sharpened my concentration and just went at it with Koga, but I couldn’t see any way to win at all.

	I’ve been using a large area of the plaza and trying my best to outrun Koga’s attacks, but I still can’t figure out the bottom of this guy.

	I mean, how long can he keep up his strength? Let alone me with my healing magic. I’ve been moving as fast as I can and I haven’t lost a breath.

	I can’t tell what colour you are because of your mask… You’re not forcing me to move my body with magic, are you? Please let that be it…!

	Just as I was about to faint from the dizzying attack, a voice came from behind the black mask.

	“Oh, by the way, how’s Ferme doing?”

	“Huh?”

	The sudden words made me shout in dismay even though I was in the middle of a battle.

	What the hell, is this some kind of trap to get me upset?

	“She’s fine enough to hit me every time she sees me though!”

	From the outstretched hand blade, a black belt shoots out, piercing my head.

	I ducked just in time and head-butted Koga’s mask as hard as I could. Perhaps it was an unexpected blow, but Koga stumbled back in surprise, but he still laughed happily.

	“Hahaha, I see! That’s good! She just wanted someone to accept her!”

	“What!”

	“Herself!”

	Laughing while being attacked is really too much.

	Ignoring my somewhat withdrawn look, Koga continues talking.

	“Dark magic ‘Inversion’. It’s a technique that turns an opponent’s attack right back at them. It’s a foul magic that can beat most people if you want to, but where do you think it got its properties?”

	“I don’t know!”

	“It’s loneliness! Aaahh~ No one loved me, no one saw me for who I was. I want someone to see me, to understand me, to love me, to touch me! After trapping the emotions that I wished for from the bottom of my heart, that alien magic was completed!”

	“…!”

	At that moment, my mind recalled the image of Ferme in tears in her prison cell.

	Why she cried, I didn’t know at the time, but… well, she’s had a hard life too, hasn’t she?

	I’m not in a situation where I can let my guard down enough to get sentimental about it now, though!

	“Her magic is like a mirror. She returns hostility for hostility, malice for malice. You hit her with the kindness of healing magic. You can’t imagine how much of a shock that was to her.”

	As if remembering, Koga let out a laugh.

	I took advantage of the slight gap and tried to fight back.

	“You’re such a chatterbox, aren’t you!”

	“Oops!”

	I tried to hit him in the jaw, but he avoided the kick.

	He did a backflip to avoid it, and made a gesture as if wiping his mask, which was not sweating.

	“I’m finally relieved. That she’s doing well?”

	“You…”

	A relieved voice that I could tell even from behind the mask.

	I could tell that it wasn’t the kind that enjoyed fighting like it had been.

	“No, it’s just sympathy. There are only a few dark magic users in the world. As a former superior, I care about them enough to care about them.”

	“What about you,…?”

	“What?”

	“What is your reason for perfecting your dark magic?

	This was the first time I had asked a genuine question that had nothing to do with fighting.

	I knew that Ferme’s magic was the result of loneliness.

	If that’s the case, then what kind of thing does Koga’s magic come from?

	“Not as much as Ferme’s. I just wanted to be a beast, that’s all.”

	“You wanted to be a beast?”

	“A creature that fights and follows its instincts. My magic took on this form when I realized that the real me was probably the ugliest beast anyone could ever imagine.”

	Koga pointed at his transformed self.

	As I looked at him again, I saw that his appearance was severely distorted.

	The mask that hides his true face.

	A black belt that wraps around his body as if to restrain him.

	And the deformed, beast-like limbs.

	“That’s a lie.”

	I naturally uttered those words.

	Koga looked up in surprise.

	“What are you truly holding? You’re not a beast, you’re just trying to look like one.”

	“…”

	I wasn’t sure.

	But it seemed different.

	“Ha… hahaha.”

	Koga started laughing, holding the mask with his hand that had returned to a human arm.

	Did I just say the wrong thing? If so, I’m pretty embarrassed.

	I start to panic, but when Koga’s laughter stops, I’m pulled back to my senses.

	“I’ve been alone since I was born. Abandoned in the dark woods, living alone, robbing like a beast, I grew up not knowing human emotions. That’s why I don’t know anything. I don’t know anything except to fight.”

	Then the mask disappeared, and Koga’s face was all but a smile on his lips.

	“Yeah, I know. I lied to you. I didn’t want to be one. I was a beast from birth. Even before I woke up to this magic, I’ve been living like a beast, fighting alone.”

	The smile was too painful to be called a fake smile, and to be honest, I couldn’t look directly at it.

	“Ever since I became involved with the demon race, I’ve been suppressing myself as a beast. To those with normal sensibilities, I was an anomaly. I’ve spent my entire life in the world as a human, suppressing my beastliness. But I still couldn’t understand the joys of being a person.”

	Living as a beast.

	I don’t understand what it’s like to live as a beast, but I do know how horrible and sad it is.

	This guy surely doesn’t know any other way.

	“I’m having fun right now. Fighting you. There is someone in the Demon King’s army who is stronger than me. But he’s not looking at the person he’s fighting. He’s fighting someone who isn’t there. So you’re the first person who can look at me and fight me as an equal.”

	I silently held up my fist.

	I decided now. I have to fight and defeat this guy.

	This guy really only knows how to fight. And he has no intention of understanding anything else. So the only way to end this fight is to defeat him.

	I look sideways at Amako.

	I get a little bit of courage from her, who is watching me from a safe distance, worrying about my safety.

	“Koga. I really, really didn’t want to fight you, but I’ll fight you… In return, you might be in a lot of pain, so be prepared.”

	“Maybe you’re the one who should be prepared? Now that you’ve exposed my secret, I can finally expose my animal nature and fight you.”

	“Oh, what’s that?”

	As he muttered this, the black band around Koga’s body loosely unraveled and flickered.

	With that change, Koga’s hawk-like mask cracked, creating a mouth that split open to reveal cheeks with sharp fangs.

	Well, I haven’t heard of another stage of transformation, is that even possible?

	A full-blown monstrous form of Koga, his limbs poised on the ground.

	“…Oh well, it can’t be helped. I’ll just have to use it on the spot.”

	I came up with the idea during my fight with Jinya, and without even trying it, I decided it was too dangerous and immediately sealed it away.

	The truth is, I don’t want to use it.

	This is a dangerous technique that is clearly out of the rescue squad’s style.

	But I had to use it if I wanted to deal with this man.

	“The next attack will be my last.”

	“…Ah.”

	At the same time, Koga and I jumped out of the way.

	As we run, a black band that has gained momentum approaches from Koga’s back in a zigzag trajectory.

	I went straight ahead without any tricks and threw a healing magic random bullet, forcing the belt to change its trajectory and plunge into it.

	“If you can shoot it, shoot it!”

	I use my right arm to deal with the black band and claws that swing around like a tornado.

	With his newly released power, Koga’s movements have changed to specialize in medium to close range with his black belt and limbs. If I fall back halfway, my defeat will be confirmed at that point.

	Then there is no choice but to go directly towards him, even if it is a bit risky.

	“Ohhhh…!”

	He catches the outstretched claw with a slap, grabs it from us, and swings it with all his might, knocking it to the ground.

	As expected, Koger exhaled, but avoided my heel drop by rolling on the ground.

	I can’t help but click my tongue.

	“Cheh! You dodged it!”

	“That was close! I’m a badass, but you’re a badass too! Especially your face!”

	“Shut up! It’ll only hurt a little! Just be a nice guy and let me punch you!”

	“I thought you were going to crush me!”

	Despite the situation, you’re still talking too much.

	You’re fighting with the intent to kill, unlike me who’s using healing magic.

	He stood up using his belt as a support and unleashed his right fist with all his might.

	In response, Koga also thrusts out his obi-covered claws.

	“Oraaah!”

	“Soraa!”

	Claws and fists collide.

	The air vibrated with chattering, and a deafening high-pitched sound rang out. The fist covered by the gauntlet destroys Koga’s claw, but it is instantly regenerated by the black sash it is clothed in.

	“You’re out of your mind, aren’t you?”

	“Huuuh?”

	“That’s why it was the only way to win.”

	What are you talking about?

	Just as I was about to say that, I felt a sharp pain in my left shoulder, stomach, and left leg.

	As soon as I looked down, I saw three black strips sticking out of the back of Koga’s legs, piercing my left shoulder, stomach and left leg from the knee up.

	“But, ho…!?”

	“You were completely focused on your hands. Well, that’s the only reason I did it…”

	I was hit…!?

	The belt was pulled out from where it had been impaled, but the injuries I had received still stopped it from moving.

	I stop moving for a moment, and he raises his claws, which converge on the belt.

	Oh no! I have to avoid it or defend myself!

	I try desperately to move with my head, but the inexorable rigidity of my body won’t allow it.

	“I’m stunned, but this is the end!”

	“…!”

	I can’t, I can heal with healing magic, but I can’t avoid the next one.

	If I take this, a fatal wound is certain. I really want to avoid it, but my body…!

	Is this really the end…!

	Just as I was about to give up, there was a kind of explosion on our side.

	“What the hell?

	“The wall…”

	In surprise, I looked over and saw that a section of the wall of flames surrounding us had been sliced open in a cross.

	And from behind it, I could clearly see Arc-san, Bluerin, and Nea.

	“Usatoooo!”

	“Usato!”

	“Usato-dono!”

	“Guaa!”

	Sure enough, I heard a voice calling my name.

	Amako.

	Nea.

	Arc-san.

	Bluerin.

	The voices of my friends that I would never forget, even in the midst of my suffering.

	“Oh, that’s right, isn’t it?”

	I’ve always been able to move forward with the help of someone.

	With that alone, an inexpressible power moves through my entire body.

	After casting a light healing spell to close the wound, I put my left hand out in the opposite direction of Koga’s, keeping the right side of my body visible to him.

	“Healing… burst palm!”

	“You accelerated in that position…!?”

	“Uooooooooo!!!”

	I kicked the ground and slammed my right fist into Koga with all my might. The fist, which was covered by the gauntlet, slammed into Koga’s body, but it felt elastic.

	He was narrowly blocked by the belt.

	If you look at his feet, the belt was driven into the ground as if it were a stake, suppressing the impact of the blow itself.

	“There’s no way you can’t predict an attack of that magnitude…! No way, that’s the extent of your last plan! A guy as good as you is such a messy…!”

	“…”

	I ignored his words, which showed some disappointment, and silently tried to force his body forward.

	Koga is confused by my actions.

	“Hey, didn’t I say it was useless–“

	“You stopped me, didn’t you?”

	“What?

	You would have defended yourself the moment you were hit by my fist, and you would have steadied yourself so that the momentum would not knock you away.

	That’s what I was aiming for.

	“Please. Just hold on.”

	“Huh?”

	I warned Koga as I sincerely hoped he would.

	Regardless of Koga’s dumbfounded voice, I unleashed a zero-distance healing flying fist from my gauntlet hand.

	“Ugh!”

	With an onomatopoeic sound, Koga’s body snapped, but he still looked surprised and tried to counterattack me.

	“Yes, it worked, but that’s not enough to stop me—-Gaha!”

	“You can’t do anything now.”

	I silently hit him with a second healing fist, and some of the strips connected to the ground shredded.

	He pushed his fist out with his body so that he would never let go of it, and the belt was stretched to its limit.

	The third blow, with all the strips cut off, pushes Koga’s body out with his fist and starts running.

	“Goooooooooo! What are you doing to me, what the hell is that?”

	“This was the only way to penetrate your defense! I’ll pour most of my magic power into it, so we’re even!”

	“I can’t have such an unreasonable match! Goho!”

	And as soon as the fourth blow broke through the band protecting his body, I silenced Koga and continued to unleash healing flying fist as he pushed forward in desperation.

	“Ooohhh!”

	The seventh impact:…! That finally breaks through Koga’s defense completely!

	Now there’s nothing left to protect this guy! The only thing left to protect is the body!

	With a shout, I pushed straight ahead, regardless of the intense pain that runs through my body.

	“Go to sleep with this!!!!”

	“Gah!”

	As soon as my fist pierced his body with a cry of anguish, I clothed my fist with all the healing magic I could muster and slammed him into the wall of the square.

	The wooden wall shattered, and I punched Koga away behind it, my hands on my knees to regulate my ragged breathing.

	“I’m never, ever going to use a technique like… this again…”

	This is the forbidden depths of the healing punch, the second type of healing punch, “Rengeki Ken” aka “Healing Rengeki Ken”.

	It’s a defensive healing punch where you slam your fist into the opponent and then repeatedly hit them with a healing flying fist from zero distance.

	I just used it and found out how powerful it is, but I definitely don’t want to use this again. It consumes a lot of magic power, but above all, it is too dangerous.

	I could use it because my opponent was Koga.

	It was the only way to defeat him, and more importantly, it had to be done.

	“Huh…”

	Breathing a sigh of relief, I headed towards Arc-san, healing my body to the minimum with what little magic I had.

	When I saw him earlier, he was also badly injured. I had to heal him first, I thought, and turned my back to Koga who was still lying on the ground.

	“I didn’t expect you to be beaten up so badly.”

	“!”

	Turning around at the sound of a third person’s voice behind me, I saw the red-haired demon woman who had been with Koga looking down at the fallen Koga.

	I can’t believe another demon race is coming this way…

	I’m not sure if the woman was hostile or not, but she sighed in disgust as if she was in a hurry.

	“Well, it’s not something I can say… How long are you going to be down!”

	“Ogee!”

	Koga, who had been kicked by the woman, gurgled and rolled around, letting out a cry of agony.

	When I looked at Koga, stunned by the situation, he was scratching his head apologetically.

	“Sorry. I was really disoriented for a bit. I knew the world was a big place. I didn’t expect to get hit like this. Haha, you really were a… crazy guy, weren’t you?”

	“…Are you still going to do that?”

	I’m at my limit.

	I’m in pain all over, and I have almost no magic power.

	When I asked him what he meant by that, he shook his head with a satisfied expression.

	“I lost this time, you know. I did lose a little bit, but I also lost consciousness. But, well, it was… fun. I’m looking forward to the next time we fight, man.”

	“I don’t ever want to see you again.”

	“I can’t promise that.”

	Standing up, Koga’s smile faded and he exchanged a look with me.

	“Next invasion, I’m leaving too.”

	“So what. It doesn’t matter.”

	I said firmly.

	I’m a rescue squad. I have much more important things to do than fight you.

	Koga laughed hilariously at my clear reply.

	“Oh, you’re right. He’s really not the guy you want him to be. Oh well, we’ll just have to drag him out when he does.”

	“Huh.”

	I’m not going to talk to this guy anymore.

	I’ve got my eye on a nasty guy, I really don’t like him.

	“Well, I guess I’ll be leaving soon. I’ve got my men waiting outside. Right, Amira?”

	“Yeah, they’re good men who follow my orders.”

	“You’re so sarcastic, you know that? Until we meet again…, be strong.”

	After saying that, the two of them jumped up from the spot and disappeared in a flash.

	I was left there, and after looking around and finally realizing that it was safe, my strength drained from my body and I sat down.

	“It’s over, isn’t it? The Wicked Dragon’s successor or something doesn’t just appear out of nowhere, does it? In fact, the curse that lies beneath the country won’t be awakened, right?”

	I don’t know why I’m saying this, but I’m physically and mentally exhausted to such an extent.

	Today had been a day where too many things had happened.

	Who could have predicted that I would be going head to head with the commander of the Demon King’s side of the army?

	“…, But we still have things to do, right? Oh man.”

	I stood up, whipping my body, and turned around to walk away.

	Out of the corner of my eye, I see my friends rushing towards me.

	“…Truly, these are the friends I can rely on.”

	It wasn’t just my strength that allowed me to fight back then.

	The sight of the girls made me think of this once more, and with a smile on my face I made my way to my trusted friends.





Chapter 141

	The long day is over.

	After capturing Jinya-san, rescuing Amako, and fighting to the death with Koga, who I somehow ended up fighting, I healed the wounded Arc-san and then collapsed.

	Just before I collapsed, I thought to myself, “I guess that’s it.”

	At any rate, my magic power was completely drained when I healed him, and my body was in shambles.

	The next time I opened my eyes, I was on the futon in the guest room at Hinomoto’s headquarters. I tried to fall asleep on the futon, but someone dove on my stomach like a tsukkomi, forcing me to wake up.

	For the time being, I woke up with a healing decapitation to my underlings, and beside me were Amako and Arc-san, who were stroking their chests in relief, and Nea, who was holding her forehead and squirming on the spot.

	“Nea, what are you doing?”

	“Fugyuuuuuuu…!”

	Forgetting the human language, I went through Nea, who was glaring at me with tears in her eyes, and asked Arc-san how long I had been asleep.

	Apparently I had passed out until around noon the next day.

	While I was asleep, a beastman doctor seemed to have treated me with recovery magic, and my upper body was bandaged. I quickly healed the wounds with my own healing magic and removed the bandages. After putting on the clothes that had been prepared for me, I tried to look for my uniform and let out ah “Ah.”

	“My uniform is at…”

	The uniform that had been folded neatly behind me had been torn to shreds in the battle with Koga.

	There were cuts, both large and small, and holes in the shoulders and stomach.

	Seeing this, I depressingly put on another jacket that was prepared for me.

	“Sigh… I’ve ripped my uniform… I’m going to get beaten up when I get home, I swear. I hope I’m only half dead if possible.”

	“I’m sure they’ll understand if I tell them what happened.”

	“I hope so.”

	I’m sure they’ll understand.

	But she might say, “That’s because you’re immature.” and, “I’m going to give you a good beating,” and suddenly I’m going to get a taste of hell.

	I went to Hayate with Nea transformed on my shoulder, and Amako and Arc-san next to me.

	“So, what happened after that?”

	“Jinya-dono and those who followed him were captured, and after that, Hayate-san was handling the aftermath with his men.”

	“What do you mean, “those who followed him?”

	“I don’t mean the ordinary soldiers who followed orders, but the close guards and researchers. It seems that Jinya-dono was also moving his troops recklessly, and there was a growing sense of distrust among the soldiers.”

	…Yesterday, we threw them away because they attacked us, but the soldiers on the other side had doubts.

	Maybe if they had really tried to kill us, I alone would not have been able to keep up with my healing magic and there would have been casualties.

	“Amako, you’re not hurt anywhere, are you?”

	“No. I’m fine.”

	I ask Amako, and she looks up at me with a smile and says so.

	…Her response is soft? I don’t know, it’s a different atmosphere than before.

	Strangely enough, I feel like we’re walking closer next to each other.

	As I tilted my head, Nea approached me.

	“Usato, I’d like to ask you something.”

	“Hm, what?”

	“That move that killed the Second Legion, what was that… thing?”

	The one that I released on Koga huh.

	“Healing punch, type II, ‘Rengekiken’. It’s a technique where you hit a healing flying fist over and over again at zero distance.”

	“…Uwa… Uwa…”

	“Yeah, for once I can understand how you feel. This is a dangerous technique.”

	In terms of results, my healing punches were made one step stronger by the gauntlet.

	However, it has turned into a more dangerous technique.

	This time, I had to use it because the opponent had a high defense… No, I had to use it because it was an opponent I had to defeat, but this is definitely not a technique that should be aimed at people.

	“…”

	“Why do you look so surprised?”

	“No, it’s just that… you had some common sense.”

	“What do you think I am?”

	“Out of loop.”

	That’s rude, you owl! What do you mean, “out of the loop”?

	Even Amako went “EH?!” And let out a gasp!

	Arc-san is just smiling and laughing at us…

	“…Sighhhhhh.”

	I let out a sigh at the too-good-to-be-true reaction, but I think it’s been a while since we’ve had an exchange like this.

	Not so long ago, we were not even allowed to talk about such trivial things, so being able to talk together like this is invaluable.

	As we exchanged words that made me feel nostalgic, we headed towards Hayate’s place.





* * *



	We headed to the square where we had fought Jinya and Koga yesterday.

	Hayate was in charge of the aftermath, cleaning up and repairing things that had been damaged in yesterday’s fight.

	When he noticed us, he smiled and waved at us.

	“Oh, good. I’m glad you’re awake. How are you feeling?”

	“Yes, thanks to you. I just healed it with healing magic, so it’s completely healed. Thank you for even providing me with a place to sleep.”

	“Considering what you’ve done for me, I don’t think I could ever repay you enough.”

	Leaving the situation to his men for the moment, Hayate moved to a slightly more remote spot at the edge of the plaza.

	“After you fainted, things got a bit chaotic here. At any rate, the defeat of Jinya, the chief of the tribe, and the intervention of the Demon King’s army and the person who claims to be the commander of the army. It wasn’t unreasonable, but things have finally calmed down today.”

	“Were the others alright?”

	“Yes, of course. Some people were injured, but fortunately no one was seriously hurt. It’s partly because things got under control so quickly, but I think most of the soldiers were lost and that’s why they were able to get away with this.”

	“Yes, that’s right:…”

	Hayate-san was thinking the same thing as me?

	Well, to begin with, these are people who originally live in a place that has nothing to do with conflict. Maybe it’s more rare for people to have rough thoughts like Jinya-san.

	“That’s right. How is Jinya doing? I heard that he was captured…”

	Hayate-san frowned in confusion when I asked that.

	As I tilted my head at Hayate, who was stammering, Nea, who was on my shoulder, opened her mouth to answer for me.

	“Jinya is drugged and put to sleep so that he can help Kanoko.”

	“You’re putting him to sleep and he’s cooperating?”

	“We’re just going to restore the power he took from her. Besides, if you let him talk, he’ll say nothing but disgusting things.”

	“Shh, that’s harsh…”

	“I don’t like self-centered people like that.”

	I guess I hate him.

	Well, that’s all I did, and I may have said something that offended Nea while I was gone.

	But to help Kanoko, I guess.

	“So, how are you going to help Kanoko-san? Waiting for the completion of the Towa means you needed that too, right?”

	“Yes, I couldn’t move until I stopped Jinya, but I can finally put my plan into action.”

	With that, Nea jumped off my shoulder and returned to her black-haired, red-eyed human form.

	“What I found out from my research on the ‘Towa’ is that it’s a magical tool that extracts the magic of the user and sticks it on others. I’m sure you’ll be able to understand why I’m so excited about this… Well, I don’t know if it’s because I put them in a runaway state, or if it’s because of some twisted research.”

	Extract the magic out of the whole magic and stick it on others.

	It’s a horrible story, though it could easily be put to rest like that.

	“So what do you want me to do about it?”

	“Jinya got Kanoko’s power through ‘Towa’. Then, if we use it in the opposite way, we can return the precognitive magic and magic power that’s attached to Jinya to Kanoko.”

	“…Is it as simple as that?”

	“Yes, it is. It’s just that I’ve already asked the researcher who hypnotized to help me with everything. To be more specific, from the day I got the go-ahead from Usato, I started to adjust the ‘Towa’ to save Kanoko.”

	“…Nea.”

	I look at her in surprise.

	Catching my gaze, she tilted her head and then put on a confident face.

	“Hmm? Wait, so you finally understand how amazing I am? Please give me more compliments?”

	“Nea’s not screwed up…!”

	“Wait, what do you mean by that?

	I was going to praise her honestly, but I felt like I was getting carried away, so I stopped.

	But inwardly, I admired her for her hard work.

	I’ll praise her casually later. But only casually.

	“So, Nea. Can we start now?”

	Amako asked a pouting Nea.

	“The preparations themselves are ready. All we have to do is get Hayate’s permission and we’re ready to go.”

	“Of course, we’ll get permission. And now that Usato is awake, too.”

	Helping Amako’s mother.

	This journey, which began that day with Amako’s wish, is about to come to an end.

	All I can do is hope that Amako’s mother will wake up.





* * *



	The researchers that Nea had put in a state of hypnosis were preparing the device.

	The first thing I had to do in helping Kanoko was to bring her up here, where she was bedridden.

	With the help of the beastmen who had taken care of her so far, we put her on a stretcher and brought her to the newly added bed-like section of…”Towa” in the plaza, and attached rings connected to wires to her limbs and head.

	And then, inside the remaining “Towa” ——

	“Jinya…”

	Jinya-san, who had been brought in asleep, was brought into the “Towa”.

	Hayate was looking at him sadly, but we didn’t dare say anything.

	“…”

	Amako looks down anxiously at the face of Kanoko-san, who is sleeping quietly.

	I put my hand on her shoulder and talk to her as reassuringly as I can.

	“I’m sure she’ll be fine.”

	“But… I’m getting scared to predict… what will I do if she doesn’t wake up…”

	That would be scary, wouldn’t it? The fact that you alone will know the outcome of this attempt better than anyone else is…

	I couldn’t say anything witty, so I had to stay by her side for now and wait for her to finish her preparations.

	Nea, who had been watching Jinya-san and Kanoko-san along with the researchers, moved away from “Towa” and looked back at us, as if she had finished her preparations.

	“Let’s get started. There shouldn’t be any problems, but just be aware of what’s going on.”

	After confirming that we had nodded, Nea urged the researchers to activate “Towa”.

	After a few seconds or so, a golden light was emitted from a gap in the outer shell of the “Towa”. The golden light flowed into the Towa from the wire connected to Jinya-san, and it also moved to Kanoko-san.

	As I watched on with bated breath, Amako took my hand in hers.

	Her small hand trembles.

	I sense it and squeeze it back.

	“The… light, it’s subsiding.”

	After about five minutes, the light of “Towa” subsides.

	When Nea saw that the light had completely subsided, she silently approached Kanoko-san and looked at her body.

	“Your magic has returned properly. The attempt was successful, but… now we just have to see if she’ll wake up.”

	“What about Jinya?”

	Nea glanced at Jinya in response to Hayate’s question.

	“It looks like Jinya’s back to his normal magic power. The other side is just back to normal, so it should be fine, the problem is—-“

	“…!”

	“Ha, Amako!”

	As if she couldn’t stand it there, Amako ran up to Kanoko.

	With a tearful expression, she grabbed Kanoko’s hand and called out for her mother in a strained voice.

	I did everything I could.

	I’ve restored Kanoko’s magic power.

	Now, if only she would wake up.

	“…Unnn”

	“!”

	At that moment, Kanoko-san, who had been bedridden for so long, let out a moaning voice.

	As soon as Amako, who had stiffened in surprise, called out to her, Kanoko opened her eyes lightly.

	“…Ah, uh, I, am…”

	“Mother.”

	“Amako? It’s not quite morning yet…… Hmm? No, no. I’m pretty sure I have a “Towa”…, so maybe! What?”

	She tried to sit up and put some strength into her upper body, but after two years of inactivity, she returned to her original position in agony.

	Amako’s voice trembled at her, and she hugged Kanoko as hard as she could.

	“Mother, I thought you were never going to wake up… I’m so, so glad…!”

	“Amako… Yes, you… did your best.”

	Kanoko-san looked surprised when she saw Amako saying those words with tears in her eyes, but she immediately smiled kindly and placed her hand on her head, patting it gently.

	That was the start of Amako’s crying.

	Tears that the girl who had never shown tears, even when she was in pain or sad, finally showed.

	It was a moment when she, who was mature enough to be inappropriate for her age, could finally express her emotions and cry in a way appropriate for her age.





* * *



	After that, Kanoko immediately went to see a doctor in Hinomoto.

	The reason for this was to check whether or not she was affected by the use of Towa, but another reason was because of the condition of her body.

	Even with the magic tools and care, she hadn’t moved her body for two years. Because of this, her muscle strength had been severely weakened, and now it was not even easy for her to walk normally.

	As a result of the examination, it was found that she had no after-effects of losing her magic power due to ‘Towa’.

	“Thank you all very much for your help. I’m still physically disabled, so I can’t thank you properly, but please forgive me—-“

	“No, no. More importantly, please don’t take it too hard.”

	“Mom, Usato’s right.”

	I hurriedly told Kanoko-san to stop, who lowered her head while only her upper body was up on the futon.

	It was night about half a day after Kanoko-san woke up. I, Arc-san, and Amako were called to the room where Kanoko-san was sleeping.

	Amako was sitting beside Kanoko-san, glancing at her with concern.

	“I’ve heard the general story.”

	“Roughly?”

	“About what Amako’s been doing away from here for two years, and about this commotion.”

	So you’ve heard it all, I guess.

	“I’m really sorry for all the trouble I’ve caused Hayate-kun. If I had realized Jinya’s true nature earlier, the situation wouldn’t have got that big…”

	“Don’t worry about it. I’m just happy that mother is awake and safe.”

	“Amako…!”

	Kanoko-san held her eyes as if she was moved by Amako’s words.

	After about a dozen seconds, she wiped her eyes and turned her gaze to us.

	“I’m really grateful to you guys. Amako has told me about you, but may I ask your names again?”

	“Ah, yes. My name is Usato Ken, of the Lingle Kingdom’s rescue squad.”

	“My name is Arc, knight of the Kingdom of Lingle.”

	“I’m Nea, a familiar. I’m currently in owl form, but I’m essentially in human form.”

	After listening to each person’s self-introduction, Kanoko-san finally looked at me and gave me a sly smile.

	“You’re the one who cast the healing spell on me, Usato-kun.”

	Huh, she seemed to take away some of the honorifics… and made me feel more mindful and friendly.

	“Eh, yes, I did. You were conscious?”

	“I was asleep, and when I woke up for a moment, I saw you and Amako trying desperately to help me. Jinya was around, so I could only warn him of the danger, but… so, hmm, you… hmm.”

	Kanoko’s upper body swayed to the side as she observed me.

	I’m not sure how to react to her meaningful gaze, wondering what is going on.

	Is it my imagination, or do I have a bad feeling about this?

	This is different from the time of Koga.

	No, this is more like the time of Lucas-sama in Samaria—–

	“So, how long have you been seeing Amako?”

	“Huh?”

	“What?!”

	I let out a dumbfounded voice, and Amako let out an absurd voice.

	Kanoko-san gave us a look of pride as we showed such reactions.

	“Amako. Did you really think that I wouldn’t understand? My fox intuition is still sharp even after two years of sleep. I’ve already been scared out of my wits by this ear, and I guessed right away.”

	Kanoko-san crosses her arms confidently. The fox ears on her head are also moving with a sense of pride.

	Could it be a misunderstanding, like a father’s misunderstanding that his daughter’s boyfriend is his girlfriend?

	Amako, who was really upset by Kanoko’s unexpected words, called out to her.

	“Kaa-san? What are you talking about?”

	“Fufun, you can’t hide from your mother.”

	…Oh, this lady, looks like a disappointment.

	Kanoko-san’s smug face, which I’d like to use as an example, reminds me of the word “woman trouble” for the first time in a long time.

	I looked at Amako fearfully, and sure enough, she was lying face down, her face turning red.

	“Everyone, get out of this room, right now.”

	Her words were choppy, but the shame and anger oozed out of them.

	We shuddered at the low volume of his voice.

	Nea is shaking on her shoulders, shivering at Amako’s unprecedented reaction.

	“Yeah, but, Amako,…”

	“Get out.”

	“Yes, I understand!”

	I assure you.

	The current Amako is more terrifying than Koga.

	Kanoko-san, unaware of this, tried to stop us.

	“What, what’s wrong? Amako, you look so scary, you’re ruining your cute face. Huh? Why are you sneaking up on me like that, what are you doing with your hands, and your tail———-”

	When I slammed the door shut, I heard a voice inside that sounded like it was grabbing a chicken’s head… or a fox’s tail.

	No, I don’t know, I’ve never heard a voice grabbing a fox’s tail, but it’s probably not a bad expression.

	“But I’m glad to see you’re doing well.”

	I’m relieved to see that Kanoko-san is now letting out a cry for help to us behind the bran.

	From the looks of it, it might take some time, but with continued rehabilitation, she should be able to return to her daily life. My healing magic won’t work, but I’m sure a strong woman like Kanoko-san will be fine.

	However, there was one thing I was worried about.

	“…”

	Kanoko-san was saved.

	If it was Hinomoto, Hayate would be able to protect Kanoko-san and Amako.

	If that was the case, would Amako stay here? Or will she go back to Lingle Kingdom?

	Only Amako herself can give the answer to that question.





Chapter 142

	Three days have passed since Kanoko-san woke up.

	Amako can often be seen working with Linka, who came to Hinomoto the day before yesterday.

	Nea and Bluerin are coasting through the night.

	The owl sleeping happily on my shoulder sometimes annoyed me, while I helped with the reconstruction work of Hinomoto with Arc-san.

	Hinomoto, thanks to Hayate’s efforts, was finally getting back to a peaceful routine.

	“So, you’re finally leaving?”

	“Yes. Thank you for your help, but if I stay too long, I might cause you trouble.”

	It was exactly the first week since I entered the Land of Beasts.

	Me and Arc-san… along with Nea, who was sleeping on my shoulder, had visited Hayate’s room.

	When we told him that we were leaving Hinomoto and going back to the Lingle Kingdom, he had a sad expression on his face.

	“You don’t have to worry about the stares of the… soldiers, do you?”

	“I’m used to it as far as that goes.”

	“I-I see…”

	The soldier who I seemed to have thrown away turned pale and moved away, or worse, half-cried his head off, saying, “I won’t do anything bad anymore!” I thought I had gone too far when he bowed his head, half crying, saying, “I will not do anything bad!”

	I’ve heard that there are some people who tell their children stories about being thrown to the Ogre if they do something wrong.

	What am I… a namahage?

	“Well, that’s all right. You’ve come here with a mission.”

	“Yes.”

	“When do you think you’ll be leaving?”

	“I’ve had a good night’s rest, and I’m hoping to leave tomorrow around noon.”

	If I stay any longer, I’ll cause trouble, and more importantly, I want to let them know that I’m going back to the Lingle Kingdom.

	Hinomoto doesn’t have a Hoot Bird that can be sent to the human realm, so I can’t wait to do something about the fact that he hasn’t yet informed us of our safety.

	“Will Hayate-san be okay? I heard that you’re currently serving as a temporary chief.”

	Hayate-san scratched his cheek as if troubled by Arc-san’s question.

	“At the moment, my assistant is in charge of the temporary chief, but if no one else is recommended at this time, I will be in charge of the chief for the time being…”

	“I’m sure Hayate-san will be well-suited for it.”

	“Haha, I don’t know. As for me, I think it’s a position that’s out of my stature… But I’m willing to work as hard as I can.”

	I’m sure this guy will be fine.

	Despite his modesty, Hinomoto was able to quickly rebuild thanks to his man’s efforts. There was no way the people who had been watching his actions would complain.

	Hayate-san smiled in annoyance, but his expression quickly turned dark.

	“It’s about Jinya……”

	“You’re talking about him being restrained, right?”

	“Yeah. I’m still holding him because he took magic from Kanoko and was trying to start a fight with dangerous ideas, but…”

	“…What’s going on?”

	I sensed something unusual in Hayate-san’s stammering words.

	“Jinya’s lost his precognition magic, and he’s become severely delirious. I think it’s because he’s been relying on precognition magic for the past two years, but he’s become terrified of the present where he doesn’t know anything.”

	“…Well, that’s kinda obvious.”

	“Because it’s obvious, in my opinion. The future is something we don’t usually know, but Jinya reached for it… I know it sounds terrible, but maybe fear of the unseen future is Jinya’s punishment right now.”

	I can’t use precognition magic, so I don’t know how Jinya feels, but I think it’s really scary to be unable to see something that you’ve always been able to see. What he did was too much, but I sympathized with him on that part.

	“…Let’s change the subject. Since yesterday, as a temporary chief, I’ve been thinking about the letter from the Lingle Kingdom.”

	“Huh? No, but…”

	“Of course, we can’t take it. We’re going to remain neutral. But…”

	With that, Hayate-san raised his arm.

	Then, through the open window, two blue birds enter and stay on his arm.

	Hoot birds, bird-shaped demons that allow for long-distance communication.

	“I’m thinking that it would be nice to establish a friendly relationship with you, without my position as a chief. Would that be okay with you?”

	“! Yes, of course.”

	“I’m sure no one will complain if anyone finds out about us with you guys. Well, I heard that Amako also signed up for this, so I guess the main thing that will go is a letter from Linka. Hahaha.”

	Indeed, it is impossible to form a cooperative relationship with Hinomoto.

	Rather, it was obvious that involving the beastman race in this mess would be bad for them and for us.

	But I’ll gladly accept it if it comes to this.

	I raised my arm, and two Hoot Birds jumped over to me. Once again, their dull eyes are so cute.

	I wonder what would be like when I put them on my… shoulders.

	“…Huuuuh! I have a feeling that my position is in jeopardy!”

	“What are you talking about?”

	While wondering about Nea who said something unintelligible in her sleep, I signed a simple messenger contract with the Hoot Bird.

	Even though it was a contract, it was easy because all I had to do was touch the HootBird’s head with my fingertips and mutter a few predetermined words.

	After that, Nea was chasing Hoot Bird away with her wings, looking desperate.

	“This is my place! Back off! Shoo shoo!!”

	Since when did my shoulder belong to you? It’s definitely in place, though.

	And so, Arc-san also finishes his contract with Hoot Bird.

	After watching the Hoot Bird leave through the window, Hayate-san suddenly turned his gaze towards me as if he remembered something.

	“Speaking of which, did you tell Amako about this?”

	“Ehh, uhhh… yes. She asked for more time, but maybe she’ll stay here with her mother. If that happens, please take care of that child for me.”

	“That, of course, I will. But are you sure?”

	I hesitate a little at Hayate-san’s words, but quickly answer back.

	“I’ll leave it to Amako’s choice.”

	“…Yeah. Then I won’t say anything more. Let’s switch gears then. I was thinking of having a banquet today to send you guys off, what do you think?”

	“What? What do you mean, a banquet?… You don’t have to make it a big deal.”

	Hayate-san, you’re smiling so much.

	“It’s a party to dispel the gloomy atmosphere we’ve been in lately, so you don’t have to worry about it. Besides, we beastmen love to have parties. We beastmen love to party, and we’re happy to participate, so there’s no need for you to hold back.”

	Come to think of it, the party we had in the hidden village was just like that and the beastmen are cheerful and fun people, aren’t they?

	After confirming with Arc-san, I turned to Hayate-san.

	“If that’s the case, I’ll be happy to participate.”

	“Alright, it’s decided! Then let’s arrange for everyone to be informed!”

	With a smile, I chuckle at Hayate-san’s instructions to his subordinates, and think back to my words from earlier.

	Would Amako go to the Lingle Kingdom or stay in Hinomoto with her mother?

	Normally, she would stay in Hinomoto, where her mother had been sleeping. I’m sad to say goodbye, but it doesn’t mean I won’t be able to see her forever, and I can keep in touch with her through Hoot Bird.

	But I have to be prepared to say goodbye to the friends I’ve been traveling with.





* * *



	I was lost.

	Should I return to the Lingle Kingdom with Usato and the others, or should I stay in Hinomoto with my mother?

	If it had been me a long time ago, I would have said to stay here without hesitation.

	However, now that I have completed my long journey, Usato and the others have become as important to me as my mother.

	When it was decided that Usato and the others would return to the Lingle Kingdom, Hayate organized a party to send them off. Unlike in the hidden village, the party was big in scale and everything, but everyone ate, drank, and laughed.

	Since mother was too sick to eat richly flavored food, she sat in a position where she could watch the party, and I looked around with Linka.

	In the meantime, I saw that Usato had given the Hinomoto children the impression that humans = Usato, as he had beaten off a succession of Hinomoto men, including Daitetsu-san in an arm-wrestling match with a blown-up face, but I quickly forgot about it.

	Anyway, it was a noisy and fun party.

	But…

	“U-Usato-kun, thank you, thank you very much…”

	“Ah, haha.”

	“Mother, why couldn’t you resist?”

	The morning after the party, Mom had a stomach ache.

	I wondered what was going on, and after calling Usato, I asked her why…

	“Because it looked so good.”

	Please praise me for not saying it out loud in a tone of voice like Usato.

	What is this person saying at the age of thirty-four? It was only at this moment that I felt a little ashamed to be her daughter.

	It all started because my mother, who couldn’t stand to watch the party, got involved with the food.

	According to Usato, she hadn’t eaten solid food properly for two years, and her internal organs were so startled that they hurt her.

	After Usato’s healing magic had managed to heal her, Mother bowed her head in tears, but he was in awe.

	“Usato, I’m sorry. Even though you’re getting ready to leave… Aaah mother, you look like a natural kid…”

	I apologized to Usato in front of the room where my mother was, and he chuckled and waved his hand to the side.

	“It’s fine, it’s fine. It’s more important if something happens to Kanoko-san. So, Amako, have you… decided?”

	“…I’ll decide soon.”

	He nodded slowly at the words after a few moments of silence.

	Inwardly, I was disgusted with myself for not being able to make up my mind, but after watching his back as he went to get ready, I went back to my mother’s room.

	As I entered the room with a sigh, I saw my mother sitting upright on the futon in front of me, staring at me.

	“Amako.”

	“What?”

	“You don’t have to worry about me.”

	“You’re saying that after that disgrace you just did??”

	“D-d-d-d-disgrace…”

	The words were a little harsh, and Mother put her hand over her mouth in shock.

	I don’t know what to call it without calling it a disgrace. In fact, I was more embarrassed than she was.

	But judging from what she just said, she must have been listening to what Usato and I were saying.

	But I’m still worried about mother. She can’t walk well yet, so I have to stay with her.

	“You’ve grown up, Amako.”

	That word brought me back to my senses and I looked at mother.

	Mother’s expression had changed to one of kindness with a smile on her face, not the distracted one I had seen earlier.

	“You didn’t grow much in height, but your mind is getting more mature.”

	“…Cut it out with my height.”

	“Fufu. I’m sorry.”

	Mother pats my head as I was frustrated.

	Her hand is weak, but reassuring and warm, and I feel comforted by it.

	“But it’s okay that you’re still a child.”

	“Eh?”

	I’m taken aback by the unexpected words.

	Not caring about me, mother continued to speak.

	“I wanted you to live freely. I want you to live a happy life, forgetting about the time chanting and everything else.”

	“…”

	“That’s why, you don’t have to worry… Is what I like to think, but the actual future was different…”

	Mother closed her eyes as if she regretted it.

	“My words, on the contrary, tied you down. You didn’t want a peaceful life, and you did everything in your power to help me. Of course, I’m really grateful to you, but I’m… not a good enough mother to have made you feel painful and lonely for two years.”

	“No, you’re not. That’s not true.”

	I denied my mother’s words clearly and met her eyes firmly.

	“I’ve certainly had some hard times in the past two years, but I’ve never been lonely. Because, just like mother said, I had a lot of people who accepted me.”

	Good people living in the Kingdom of Lingle.

	Sarla-san, who let me live there when I had nowhere else to go.

	There were so many people who took me in that my hands were full.

	My mother rolled her eyes and hugged me gently.

	“You really want to go with Usato and the others, don’t you?”

	“…Yeah.”

	“You don’t have to force yourself to worry about it. Just be a child and be selfish and trouble me lots.”

	Mother smiled as she told me to do so.

	Be a child.

	I hadn’t thought of it that way before.

	In order to survive, I couldn’t be a child forever, and I didn’t have the personality to be spoiled by others.

	But with mother’s words, I finally made up my mind.

	“Mother, I’m… going to the Lingle Kingdom with Usato.”

	I still want to be with Usato and the others.

	Even if it’s under the threat of the Demon King’s army, the Lingle Kingdom is my second home.

	“That’s fine. I was wondering what I would do if you used me as a reason to stay. I’m sure I wouldn’t be able to stand the thought of tying up a girl of your age all the time.”

	Mother let go of me and let out a sigh of relief.

	However, she quickly returned to her straight face to brace herself and held up her index finger, opening her mouth in a serious tone of voice.

	“Before you set out on your journey, I have one piece of advice for you.”

	“Yes.”

	“Don’t let your prey get away.”

	“…Huh?”

	Prey? Prey? What’s that?

	No, I immediately knew who my mother meant by prey, although it was frustrating.

	But I don’t think it’s normal to broach the subject in this vein…!

	“He doesn’t seem to think he’s being liked. He’s the most annoying type, but once you’ve made him aware of your feelings for him, the rest is easy. But it’s best to play it short. There are probably other assassins out there who want him…”

	“…, huh?”

	I couldn’t keep my mouth shut as the words came out one after another.

	This person is really, really…!

	“In other words, it’s the act of seduc——“

	“Tei!”

	“Ouch!”

	Before my mother could finish her sentence, I slammed a light hand knife into her brain.

	I turned my back to her and tried to leave the room quietly, as she collapsed with a strange cry, rolling her eyes.

	But—–

	“See you later, Amako.”

	These words stop me in my tracks.

	I feel an inexplicable emotion welling up in me, but I manage to suppress it and respond.

	“Yes. I’ll be leaving.”

	This is the second time we parted.

	The first time, I left in despair, but now it’s different.

	I have people here waiting for me to return. This country has become a place for me to return to.





* * *



	Amako’s choice was to go to the Lingle Kingdom with us.

	I don’t know what kind of talk she had with Kanoko-san after that. But if that was Amako’s choice, I would just accept it without saying a word.

	After making all the preparations for our journey, we exchanged goodbyes with Hayate-san and the others in front of the Hinomoto exit.

	“Usato, how does the cloak feel on you?”

	“It’s a good size, and it fits me perfectly.”

	“That’s good to hear. It was worth choosing it to fit your culture as much as possible.”

	The grayish cloak that replaced the torn uniform was easy to wear, though not as easy as the uniform.

	I was going to make it up with a cloak or something, so I really appreciated Hayate-san’s kindness.

	“It’s sad to say goodbye, but I’m really glad I got to meet you guys. Let’s hope you guys are able to return to the Lingle Kingdom safely.”

	“Thank you very much. Hayate-san.”

	“Thank you for your help.”

	Me and Arc-san shook Hayate-san’s hand and said our goodbyes.

	As we continued, Linka appeared from behind Hayate-san and walked up to Amako, looking down.

	Amako stood a little taller and placed a hand on her head as Rinka fumbled with her mouth as if to say something.

	“I couldn’t say it before, but I’ll say it right this time. I’ll see you again, Linka.”

	“…Yeah. I’ll write letters, lots of them. I’ll send so many that the Hoot Bird will fall over!”

	“I’m sorry, but please don’t do that.”

	Linka wiped her eyes as Amako giggled.

	She looked up and her eyes were red and swollen, but she was still smiling.

	Then she said goodbye to us as well, and together with Hayate-san, she saw us off with a smile.

	Looking back at the distant Hinomoto, I felt deeply moved, and checked with Arc-san, who was pulling the horse, about our plans for the rest of the day.

	“Arc-san, you’re going to head to Mia Rak right?”

	“Yes. I have to send the Hoot Bird as well. Also,… Norn-sama is going to lend us a boat to the Lingle Kingdom, so let’s get her on it.”

	“If that’s the case, then the return trip will be easier than the way there.”

	The return trip would be by boat, and it would be a relaxing ride home.

	I’ve never been on a boat before, so I’m looking forward to it. I’ve been walking so far, so I’m sure I’ll see a different view.

	Thinking of this and remembering our journey so far, I felt deeply moved.

	“I guess our journey is over.”

	“So many things have happened, haven’t they?”

	“Yes, really.”

	In the magic city of Lukvis, I trained Nack, who was bullied.

	I fought zombies and wicked dragons, and then Nea became my friend.

	In Samaria, the Land of Prayer, I freed the souls bound by sorcery and restored Eva’s existence.

	In the water city of Mia Rak, I fought with the hero Leona against Karon, who has the blood of a divine dragon.

	In Hinomoto, we saved Amako’s mother, Kanoko-san.

	And now that we’ve finished all of our objectives, we can finally return to the Lingle Kingdom.

	“The Lingle Kingdom, huh? As for me, that’s a lot of fun. I also want to meet the heroes who were summoned to the other world.”

	Come to think of it, Nea didn’t know anything about the Lingle Kingdom since she became a part of it during her journey.

	“Then I’ll have to introduce you to our leader.”

	“Yeah, I’d rather not… do that.”

	“No, you can’t. When you’re my familiar, it’s no exaggeration to say that you’re already a member of the rescue squad. I’ll take you even if you don’t want to.”

	“You know exactly what you’re saying, don’t you?”

	I laughed at Nea, who turned pale, probably imagining the image of Rose she had seen through magic in Mia Rak.

	“Don’t worry. I’m here for you.”

	“If the situation changes, the dialogue will turn freaky!”

	I can’t even imagine what they’ll do to me since I’ve already torn my uniform.

	Well, it still doesn’t change my desire to go home.

	In addition to Rose, the rescue squad also includes Orga-san and Ururu-san, as well as Nack and Ferme.

	“I wonder if Senpai and Kazuki are returning safely.”

	“Suzune seems to be in good health for some reason.”

	“Haha, for sure.”

	Amako’s words make me chuckle as I recall the image of senpai in good health.

	…Well, if we meet again, you know. I’m planning to get even with her for this, though.

	As I was inwardly making a boiling plan to toy with senpai, Amako, who was walking next to me, suddenly pinched me lightly by the hem of my cloak.

	“What’s the matter?”

	“The trip is over, but I’m still here with you.”

	“…Well, ain’t that obvious? You didn’t really think it was a relationship that could be severed that quickly, did you?”

	I didn’t travel to save your mother just because I was obligated or promised to do so.

	I wanted to, so I did.

	So even if that promise is fulfilled, I won’t cut ties with Amako or estrange myself from her.

	Amako’s shoulders slumped at my answer, but she quickly looked up and gave me a somewhat dumbfounded smile.

	“That’s why you’re Usato, right?”

	“…What do you mean by that?”

	“Oh, well, my mother told me about it. I heard that Usato is being targeted by assassins.”

	“Huuuh? What does that even mean?!?”

	“Don’t worry about it. It’s not your life they’re after.”

	Amako’s unintelligible advice made me panic.

	What? What does she mean by an assassin that doesn’t kill?

	Is something going to happen while we’re still on the road? I don’t want to be a quandary on the way back.

	“Oh, I see, that’s why.”

	“It looks like Usato-dono has a lot of work ahead of him.”

	“Grrr…”

	Nea, Arc-san, and for some reason, Bluerin nodded with knowing faces.

	I don’t even know anymore.

	The return seemed calm.

	But fate did not seem to allow me to do so.





Side Story: After the battle

	This is the first time I’ve been able to find out what happened.

	As a result of the mission we received from the Demon King, we decided that the beastmen were not worth fighting for as our brethren. At that point, we should have returned to our home country, but due to the whim of the bonkers army commander, Koga Dingal, we had a little battle in Hinomoto.

	“Whew, that was a hell of a thing to do.”

	Koga muttered such a thing as he remembered while we were on our way back after finally escaping the beastmen’s domain.

	From the fact that he was rubbing his belly, he might be remembering the blow he received back then.

	While being aware of my surroundings to stay alert, I asked Koger.

	“I didn’t see the whole fight, but that’s as far as it went?”

	“Yeah, it’s like the rumours say,… It’s not unusual for me to be up against the physical abilities that I’m raising with dark magic.”

	“You knew that.”

	“Well, yeah. But when we actually fought, it was full of surprises. Above all, his reflexes and defense with his gauntlet are outstanding, and it’s unbelievable that he can knock down almost any attack upfront.”

	It’s not like the black knight’s dark magic specializes in physical combat.

	When fighting, the dark robe that covers his body moves according to Koga’s will, strengthening and assisting his superior physical abilities as a demon.

	It seems unassuming, but it is similar to the magic-clad profundity that his master created.

	“You saw that last one, right? It’s even worse than it looks, you know? It forces the attacker to penetrate the defense, and the healing magic makes it hard to tell if it hurts or not. Scary, right?”

	“Can I call that… healing magic?”

	“Hahahaha.”

	“Why you’re smiling is beyond me, though.”

	From a distance, but from the side, it was a shocking sight, as unidentifiable impacts were repeatedly slammed into Koga’s body from his fists that were in close contact with his pushed out body.

	For a second, I thought for a moment that I was going to lose my shit and was about to leave.

	“How did it go over there? You fought the knights of the Lingle’s kingdom, didn’t you?”

	“…Yeah, he was a good warrior.”

	A red-haired swordsman from the Kingdom of Lingle.

	I did not take it easy on him at all. I was wearing flames and swinging my sword with the intention of killing him. Even so, the fact that he survived and sliced through the wall of flames must have been because he had the strength and determination to do so.

	“Wow, that’s surprising. I didn’t expect you to praise him.”

	“Demons and humans. Even though they’re enemies, there’s more than just hatred there. His sword was magnificent. I was just speaking words of praise for that undeniable fact.”

	“I see.”

	Koga crossed his arms and nodded his head.

	His reaction seemed to be somewhat petulant, and I opened my mouth with a frown on my face, a little annoyed.

	“First of all, I was just going along with your little hobby.”

	“Haha, you’re right. Well, as for me, I was satisfied, so it’s fine. Now, how should I explain this to the Demon King?…”

	“…I guess you’ll just have to be honest.”

	This is the first time I’ve ever seen such a thing.

	Moreover, I, who was originally in a position to admonish him, also lent a hand.

	“At worst, I’m prepared to kill myself.”

	“What? Why are you talking like that?”

	“You’re acting outside of orders. Moreover, if it’s a battle with the people of the hostile Lingle Kingdom, there shouldn’t be any problems.”

	“No, no, there’s no way the Demon King would want that. Moreover, that would involve me too, right?”

	“…”

	“No comment! You’re going to take me down with you? Stop it, you. I’m sure the Demon King won’t get mad at you for that. He’d rather laugh and forgive me. No, he’s not laughing, but…”

	“What do you know about the Demon King?”

	“Huh?”

	When I opened my eyes and stared at Koga, his expression twitched.

	He didn’t understand the gravity of the situation at all.

	“I acted outside of his orders, and even went into battle for such a stupid and brainless boss… It’s no use. I have no choice but to cut myself.”

	“Sometimes, your loyalty is so heavy that I really can’t keep up with you. And don’t you despise me too casually? I’ve been told I’m a terrible person… Oi, you guys should say something to her.”

	Koga silently calls out to his men, who have been following behind him.

	Then, with clenched fists, they turned their determined eyes on me.

	“If Amira-dono is going to do that, then we will also…!”

	“…Ehh?”

	“If it’s for the sake of Amira Onee-sama, I’m willing to let my body rot away…!”

	“Onee-sama?!”

	“It has been my honour to share this journey with you, however brief.”

	“Since when did you talk like that?!?!”

	My tear glands slackened as my men threw such words at me one after another.

	Holding the corners of my eyes, I turn to face forward.

	“You guys…! All right, I’ve received your determination! Then follow me!”

	“”Yes!””

	We left the stunned Koga behind and walked all the way to the Demon King’s territory.

	“Wait a minute, why is Amira more popular than me! I’m the leader of your army! Oi wait a minute, don’t leave me here!”

	It’s the difference between working and not working.

	However, as soon as I finish this assignment, my temporary position as assistant corps commander will be dropped. When that happens, we will be running together on the battlefield as comrades on the same page.

	Preparations for the battle are steadily being made.

	We have increased the strength of our forces and improved the quality of our soldiers.

	Cavalrymen who control ferocious demons as familiars and devour the battlefield.

	The commander of the Third Legion, who was newly assigned to take my place.

	And the commander of the First Legion, who boasts to be the “strongest” in the Demon King Army, is going into battle.

	“…”

	This time, the decisive battle will be different from the first and second.

	Of course, the Kingdom of Lingle won’t just be beaten. They’ll be forming a coalition with neighboring countries to intercept us.

	Competent people from each kingdom.

	Fierce people with the title of heroes.

	Hereos summoned from other worlds.

	The rescue squad from the infamous Lingle Kingdom for us.

	“I guess the day of reckoning may not be that far away.”

	I didn’t dare to put into words whether it would be a battle between humans and demons or a resolution to my fate.

	One thing I did know was that the next battle would be more deadly than ever.





Side Story: The end of the journey

	This time it will be a side story from Suzune’s point of view.





* * *



	Our journey has come to an end.

	In the last country we visited, the Kingdom of Thundera, I had a lot of fruitful experiences.

	It was good that I handed over the letter, but the king doubted my ability to call myself a hero, and imposed a test to see if I had the ability to be worthy of being a hero.

	It was to defeat the light-cloaked demons that lived in the mountains located far away from the Kingdom of Thundera.

	This demon attacks people with light and has caused many casualties.

	We knew it was dangerous, but in order to defeat the demon, we went into the mountain where it lived.

	“Well, I didn’t expect that the light that I was clad in was actually lightning. Moreover, I didn’t think that the true identity was that of a legendary demon.”

	“That was an undeniably powerful enemy. If it weren’t for Suzune-san’s quick thinking, we might have been the ones who lost.”

	Kurumia agrees with me as I mutter ponderously.

	After safely overcoming the ordeal and receiving the willingness to cooperate from the Kingdom of Thundera, we had completed our mission and were riding our horses back to the Kingdom of Lingle.

	“I was also prepared to die from the quicksand.”

	A demon that understands human language.

	It was fortunate that I had encountered a demon that could understand human speech, but the one I had encountered was no good.

	It looked down on all life other than its own, and whether it was hostile or not, it had the cruelty to try to slaughter it.

	It was a thunder beast, right?

	A man-eating tiger that reaps the life out of its prey by moving so fast that it could be mistaken for lightning.

	It was a powerful enemy that even I, who possessed the magic to control lightning, had a hard time with.

	“But the moment you met him, the first thing you said was ‘Could you be my familiar!’ I was stunned.”

	“Ugu…”

	The words that he slammed down with mockery had no respect whatsoever.

	When I first met her, she said, “You must be Suzune-sama! I’m honoured to be on this journey with you!” But now it’s like this.

	“Sigh… Why are all the demons I encounter so ferocious? Even this time, I had the makings of having an absolutely adorable familiar tiger who has the ability to talk… Already, the fact that it’s cruel and inhumane is ruining everything…”

	“Why don’t you just use Hoot Bird?”

	“I want my own personal familiar!”

	“Then you have your beloved horse that you’re riding now. What was it again? Was it Sanho-kun of Thunder Horse? You have a wonderful naming sense. I can’t help but laugh.”

	“It’s not even a demon! Besides, I won’t even allow you to say anything bad about Sangho-kun!”

	Making fun of my beloved traveling horse, Sangho-kun, is something that even Kurumia will not tolerate.

	As I said this while stroking Sanho-kun’s mane, Kurumia smiled cheerfully at my anger.

	“I’m not bad mouthing Sangho-kun.I’m bad mouthing the owner.”

	“It’s more unforgivable!”

	This escort knight, what does she think I am?

	It’s true that I asked you to be less uptight, but I didn’t expect you to be so rude.

	But she’s the friendliest person I’ve ever met on this trip, and I hate the fact that I can count on her when I need her.

	I can’t win a verbal fight against her, so I let out a sigh and droop down.

	“Oh, I bet it would be fun if the familiar could talk.”

	“A talking familiar demon is unheard of. Smart demons basically don’t show themselves to people, and they’re usually too powerful to go down to people in the first place.”

	“I guess that’s true. It’s not that dreamy, is it? That tiger definitely didn’t have the personality to fit in with humans…”

	I suggested this to that thunder beast, but he usually snickered at me.

	Speaking of familiars—–

	“Usato-kun, I hope you’re okay…”

	Before I knew it, Usato-kun had an owl on his shoulder.

	He is currently stepping into the realm where the beastmen live.

	“According to the kingdom, he hasn’t been heard from since leaving Mia Rak.”

	“That’s because the destination is the beastman’s country. It’s a place that Hoot Bird can’t reach, so even though it can’t be helped, I’m still starting to worry.”

	The land of the beastmen is an unknown territory for humans.

	I wonder how Usato and the others who went there to save Amako’s mother are doing now?

	I wonder if they saved her mother safely…

	“I’ve just been informed that Kazuki-kun has safely completed his mission and is on his way back, just like me… Now we just have to wait for word from Usato-kun.”

	I’m glad that he was able to finish his mission safely too, Kazuki.

	There was some disturbing information in the letter, such as that he had accidentally found a hidden village where elves lived in the forest he had wandered into, but I tried not to pay too much attention to it in order to maintain my mental stability.

	“But well, I’m sure Usato-sama can handle being attacked by a beast race. That person’s physical ability is inherited from Rose-sama, so I don’t think there are many people who can manage it.”

	“Indeed, you’re right. In Mia Rak, he fought against a hero who turned into a dragon man, and it wouldn’t be strange if he also grew up during the trip.”

	No, it was rather unthinkable that he would miss training, as he had become more stoic since joining the rescue squad in this world.

	“More importantly, Suzune-san, isn’t it going to be hard when you meet Usato-sama again?”

	“Ugghhh… I’m trying to do something about it too, but…”

	“While your face is red, you can only send a warm gaze when you try to deny it.”

	“Th-that’s because…”

	When it came down to it, when I was asked a question with an article in my hand, I didn’t know how to answer and clammed up, but I was still tortured by the will to deny properly, and I ended up feeling like I was denying in a deceptive way.

	“Suzune-san is even more of a slacker than we all imagine.”

	“Mugu!”

	“She gets carried away easily.”

	“Agh!”

	“She can’t help it because she’s hopelessly bad at romance.”

	“Gwaaah!”

	The raging three-pronged attack pierced my heart and I felt like I was going to collapse.

	“But you should at least apologize to Usato-sama…”

	“I-I know that already. I wonder if he’ll hate me… though!”

	“I’m sure you know that better than anyone.”

	Kurumia shrugged her shoulders.

	Usato-kun would be angry, but he wouldn’t hate me. But the thought of what if makes me feel terribly uneasy.

	Still—-

	“There’s so much I want to talk to him about…, I can’t wait to meet him.”

	What happened on the trip, what I experienced.

	Both Usato-kun and Kazuki-kun must have had a very difficult journey.

	Rather than…, Kazuki was participating in some sort of tournament, and Usato was fighting the dragon people in Miarak, so we know it’s tough at that point.

	That’s why I’d like to talk to them about our respective journeys.

	“Well, as for getting caught up in the commotion, I’m pretty much the same. I’ve also been able to power up my magic.”

	Rather, why do I only encounter ferocious demons?

	When I held my head in my hands, I said, “Isn’t it because we’re just like each other?” I could see Usato’s face in my mind, smiling and spitting venom at me.

	Kurumia, who may have heard me talking to myself, put her index finger to her lips and looked at me as if she remembered.

	“Huh? As I recall, Usato-sama was wearing an unfamiliar gauntlet and carrying an owl, wasn’t he? Isn’t Suzune-san, whose appearance has not changed in any way, already defeated at that point?”

	“…”

	“Oh, please don’t do that. I’m against violence. Please don’t slap me!”

	“You’re such a jerk! You’re such a jerk!”

	I was trying so hard not to think about it!

	From my horse, I stretched out my arm and slapped Kurumia on the back.

	“I think you’re aiming too hard with that owl! You already know how cute they are! And yet, you put it on your shoulder for all to see…! And it’s so chubby and round, I’m jealous of you…!”

	“Ara, that, could it be that Suzune-san is crying?”

	“No, I’m not! I’m not crying!”

	I’ve decided.

	If I meet Usato-kun, I will first apologize sincerely. I’ll gladly accept any kind of retaliation or abusive language.

	After that, I will definitely ask him to let me touch his owl.

	In order for this to happen, I myself must return safely to the Lingle Kingdom.

	After suppressing my worries and anxieties about Usato-kun, I proceeded on my way back to the Lingle Kingdom with a firm resolve.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	I was going to write Kazuki’s point of view as well, but it would have been the same as Suzune’s, so I decided to leave it for when they meet again.





Introduction of characters

	Name: Amako

	Race: Beastman (Fox)

	Lineage: Prediction

	A user of precognitive magic known as the Princess of Time.

	She has the most outstanding ability of all the Princesses of Time, and depending on the situation, she can make others choose the future.

	She used to live with her mother, Kanoko, before she ran away from Hinomoto.

	Two years ago, Kanoko stopped waking up due to Jinya’s scheme, and she left Hinomoto alone to find a way to save her mother. After that, she hid her identity and moved from kingdom to kingdom, looking for a healing magician who could save her mother, but in the end she couldn’t find one and almost gave up. However, in the kingdom of Lingle, the place where she finally arrived, she met kind-hearted people and also met someone who changed her destiny.

	.

	His encounter with Usato, a healing magician unlike any other, was the beginning of a journey filled with turmoil.

	The journey was hard and arduous, but what she gained from it was more than worth it to her.

	.

	Name: Rinka

	Race: Beastman (wolf)

	Lineage: Not yet introduced

	A wolf beastman girl who lives in a hidden village.

	She is cheerful and cheerful, and is one of the few friends she has, though she is in contrast to Amako who is the same age as her.

	She has always been worried about Amako, who disappeared two years ago without saying goodbye, and when she found her after a long time, she tried to help her with all her might.

	When he finds her after a long time, he tries to save her. As a result, he and Usato end up chasing each other.

	When Amako was taken prisoner by Jinya, he tried to take the initiative to save her, but his father Hayate and grandfather Kagari stopped him, and he was waiting for news from them in a hidden village, unfaithful.

	.

	This was the second time he had to say goodbye to Amako.

	The first time we parted without exchanging a word, but this time we were able to say a firm goodbye and promise to meet again.

	.

	Name: Hayate

	Race: Beastman (Wolf)

	Lineage: Not yet introduced

	A male wolf beastman who lives in Hinomoto, the Land of Beastmen.

	He has been entrusted with assisting the Chief, and is practically the number two in Hinomoto.

	He has a mild personality, and is one of the few people who welcomed Usato and the others to the Land of Beasts with open arms. Perhaps because of his personality, he is well-liked by the residents of Hinomoto.

	He is a childhood friend of Jinya, the chief, and Kanoko, Amako’s mother, and considers them to be his dearest friends. She was determined to watch over Amako, Kanoko’s daughter, in the shadows as her best friend’s daughter, apart from being the “Princess of Time Composition,” but her resolve was easily shattered by Jinya, her other best friend.

	.

	After the incident, he proposed to the people of Hinomoto that someone else be nominated as their chief in Jinya’s place, but at their insistence, he himself became their chief, albeit temporarily.

	.

	Name Jinya

	Race: Beastman (Bear)

	Lineage: Demon Eye (Precognition)/Unrevealed

	A male bear beastman who lives in Hinomoto, the Land of Beastmen.

	He is the chieftain of Hinomoto, and is also the one who took the precognition magic away from Amako’s mother, Kanoko.

	Having acquired the powerful magic of precognition, Amako’s mother, Kanoko, is the one who stole it from him, and with her anger towards humans smoldering inside her, she plots a plan that has no regard for her own people.

	His true motive was his hatred for the humans who had selfishly oppressed the beastmen and his desire to wield the power of precognition magic, and when Hayate confronted him about it, he did not utter a word of excuse.

	.

	After the incident, the precognition magic was returned to Kanoko, and Jinya, having lost the precognition magic, became afraid of the “unseen future” and the “unpredictable present.

	.

	Name: Kanoko

	Race: Beastman (Fox)

	Lineage: Magic eye (precognition)

	A fox beastman woman who lives in Hinomoto, the Land of Beastmen.

	She is the previous “Princess of Time Composition” of the Beastmen race, and Amako’s mother.

	In Hinomoto, she was conducting research on transferring precognitive magic into magical tools and operating them. The reason she was working on this research was to avoid inconveniencing her daughter, Amako, and the users of predictive magic who would be born in the future.

	However, in the midst of her research, she realized that her friend Jinya was planning to misuse the spell and tried to destroy it with her own hands, but failed. In the process, his own precognitive magic was transferred to Jinya, and Kanoko herself fell into a sleep that she never woke up from.

	.

	After the incident, with Nea’s help, Kanoko regained her precognition magic from Jinya and was able to wake up and reunite with Amako for the first time in two years.





* * *





* * *





