	“Uh, no… I guess it’s more accurate to say that I picked that up rather than brought it with me.”

	“?”

	Nea says that with a subtle expression.

	As I was about to ask her about it, I noticed that the stairs ended and we were on the ground.

	The air felt like it had been a long time since I had been outside, and the moonlight was shining in from above. When I finally get outside, someone jumps at me from the side of the door.

	I thought, “Enemy?” but when I realized who it was, I didn’t dodge and just took it.

	“Usato! Amako’s been captured! I tried to do something about it, but it was no use at all! The soldiers gave me sweets and sent me home!”

	“Li-Linka…”

	I can understand why Nea would have an awkward expression on her face at this.

	She hugs me with a face soggy with snot and tears, so I hold her down so that my uniform doesn’t get dirty, and calm Linka down.

	“I’ll definitely save Amako. So first, you need to stop crying.”

	“Sniff… okay.”

	Is this girl really fourteen?

	She’s the complete opposite of the mature Amako.

	I’m relieved when Linka finally stops crying, and Bluerin that Nea brought approaches from the direction she flew from.

	“Gruu.”

	“Bluerin, did they do anything to you?”

	“Guffaw.”

	The expression on his face was somewhat satisfied as he patted his stomach.

	Don’t tell me you got a lot of food from the beastmen?

	…But well, I’m glad he’s okay.

	“Linka! I’m glad to see that you’re safe! Did that bastard Jinya do anything to you?”

	Hayate-san who followed me outside, approached Linka with a relieved expression.

	Linka’s reaction to seeing her father again was more tepid than I expected.

	“Ah. Dad. I’m glad you were able to come out. I’m fine.”

	“Oh, what? Isn’t your reaction a bit too indifferent? I was thinking that you could be more… happy.”

	“Because you’re my father. Anyways we have more pressing matters like saving Amako!!”

	“That’s terrible…”

	A rebellious daughter…?

	Hayate-san is slumping her shoulders heavily at the at ease Linka, then regained his composure and turned to us.

	“…Usato, I’m going to call a HootBird now, do you mind?”

	“Huh?”

	“Wait, if you use a HootBird now, you’re gonna alert them.”

	Is he going to send a letter to someone?

	Nea’s question was understandable, but Hayate-san seemed to have an idea, so let’s hear it out.

	“Due to my position, I’ve been assigned to assist the Chief, and as part of that, I’ve been leading a security team to guard the country. So I’d like to tell my men to get out of here and meet up with you at a place away from the country… Can I not do that?”

	“Your men? Oh you meant the ones who greeted me at… when I arrived here?”

	“Yes, that’s right.”

	You mean the beastman woman I scared away?

	I don’t know what to do, it seems a bit inadvertent to send HootBird here.

	“Isn’t… Jinya’s man or something mixed up in there?”

	“I don’t think so. He’s been my subordinate since before I became his assistant, and more importantly, if he wanted to keep an eye on me, who often gives orders away from the field, he would have found a better place to do so.”

	I see.

	If he was the chief’s assistant, he must have a lot of work to do besides guarding.

	If that’s the case, it would be better to have him infiltrate a closer position rather than going to the trouble of watching Hayate-san with the security force.

	“Besides,… we need at least one friend right now, you know.”

	Hayate-san’s eyes seemed to be preparing for something as he muttered that.

	Indeed, thinking about the future, I want at least one companion.

	When I put my hand on my chin and was troubled, Hayate-san continued to speak in a bit of a panic.

	“Oh, and don’t worry about the HootBird. The one I’m about to call isn’t a regular Hootbird, but one for troops only, so no one but my subordinates should be able to find out about it.”

	“Usato, you decide.”

	“…I understand. But please be very careful.”

	It’s dangerous in some ways, but it’s also beneficial for us. At the rendezvous point, where there’s a danger of ambush, Bluerin and I can follow Hayate-san.

	Hayate-san nodded at my words and whistled with his fingers in his mouth.

	Now all we had to do was wait for Hayate-san’s HootBird, and I would use the time to talk to Nea.

	“Nea.”

	“I know, I know. Let me take care of Amako.”

	“Thanks. And…, you know how to help Amako’s mother, don’t you?”

	“I can’t say for sure. But it’s worth a try… The only problem is, we’ll have to wait for them to finish this ‘Towa’ thing.”

	“Wait for it to be finished?… So that’s why Amako is still here?”

	“Yes.”

	If “Towa” is included in the condition to save Amako’s mother, then it must be paired with it. But “Towa” will not be paired without Amako.

	That’s why Amako stayed behind on her own.

	“Amako is also reckless…”

	“You’re always doing such reckless things, though. Do you understand? That’s how we feel all the time.”

	Yeah, there’s a lot to be said for that, isn’t there?

	When you put yourself in the other person’s shoes, you feel ashamed that you can’t do anything.

	…Now is not the time to get sentimental. Even though we haven’t caused any trouble, we are in the middle of enemy territory. We can’t afford to be complacent.

	“Also, I’ll tell you what I found out about Jinya’s precognitive magic.”

	“Hmm? What is it?”

	“Jinya’s precognition magic is weaker than Amako’s.”

	“Oh, is that so?”

	“Yes. He heard Amako’s prediction of the future and didn’t say anything. The range of prediction in normal times is probably less than ten seconds.”

	“How do you know all that?”

	Nea smiled wickedly at the continued question.

	“Because the move to catch you was too careless. He probably thought you were just a human being and was setting a trap for you. You were going to do something when you stopped him, weren’t you? And now that you’ve succeeded, they must’ve been distraught.”

	“…I see.”

	“In other words, if he can see the future and can only take measures like that, then Jinya’s precognition magic is not that great.”

	I’m not sure if I feel like I’m being treated like an outsider, but let’s leave it at that.

	In other words, according to Amako and Nea, Jinya’s precognitive magic is backward compatible with Amako’s. Well, I can’t say it’s a weak magic either way, but this is a good detail.

	“Also, and I know this is after the fact, but… is it okay to use my ability here?”

	“…your ability, huh?”

	In this case, she’s not talking about magic, but the vampire charm and the ability to manipulate people that she just used. The power to deceive people, which until now, I have forbidden to use for physical reasons.

	It’s an ability that has been kept from me until now because I didn’t want to use it to manipulate people, but there’s no way I’m not going to use it in this situation.

	Rather, if I’m being mocked this much, I’ll do it to my heart’s content.

	“How many people can you get on your side?”

	“I myself have a limited time to act, and with Jinya having precognitive magic, I have to move with extreme caution. In addition, because of the problem of magic power,… I think I can get about a third… quarter of the soldiers here in three days.”

	“Can’t you control Jinya-san directly? Or bother him with charms or something.”

	“That’s impossible. It’s too risky against precognitive magic, and in case you’re wondering, charms don’t work on everyone. It almost never works on someone like Usato, who has an unusually strong mind.”

	So it doesn’t work on people with strong minds.

	And the ability to manipulate people is useless if you don’t take advantage of their weaknesses because you have to bite them.

	They say that every useful thing has its drawbacks, and Nea’s ability is no exception.

	“It’s almost impossible to target him in his sleep in a limited time because he’s heavily guarded. That guy, when he’s unconscious, he’s thoroughly protecting himself.”

	“I guess that’s natural in a way.”

	Jinya-san probably has total faith in precognitive magic. It would be strange if he didn’t take any measures at bedtime, his only weak point.

	He seems to have a lot of faith in his precognitive magic, but that can be a weakness.

	“…Okay, I get it. Just don’t move as suspiciously as possible.”

	“I know. I’ve ruled a village for three hundred years without anyone noticing, you know? There’s no way I’d screw that up.”

	“It’s not something to be proud of, though.”

	I chuckled at Nea’s words, but I was reassured by her confidence now.

	“Well then, I’m going back to Amako’s place. Oh, yeah, Usato.”

	“Hmm?”

	“I have a message for you from Amako.”

	A message? I wonder what it is.

	As I braced myself for something important, Nea said, somewhat dismissively.

	“It says, [Be sure to come save me.]” (TL: That’s just so sweet!!!)

	“…!”

	The words startle me for a moment, but I quickly smile.

	“Yeah, of course. Tell her I’ll definitely help her.”

	“Yes, I will definitely tell her that.”

	With a poof, she transformed into an owl, nodded, and flew away as if melting into the darkness of the night.

	I took a deep breath, made up my mind, and then turned around to look at Arc-san and the others.





* * *



	After parting ways with Nea, Hayate-san sent the HootBird to his men and took us with him as he attempted to escape from the Land of Beasts.

	Even though we were trying to escape, it was now the time of day when everyone was asleep. Except for the soldiers on guard, no one is walking around outside, so getting around itself is not that difficult.

	“I knew I was right to wait for Nea, didn’t I?”

	“Yes, it was. If we had caused a commotion at that place, it might have been difficult to escape.”

	In the worst case scenario, me and Bluerin could have carried everyone and escaped, but that would have been too dangerous, so it was a last resort.

	So I’m really glad we were able to escape without anyone noticing.

	“But I wanted to bring my horse with me, too.”

	“It’s easy to take Bluerin around, but taking a horse would be a problem for us to get around in the dark… We can just get them back later once we save Amako-dono.”

	The horses that have walked the long road with us are also our friends.

	That’s why I wanted to take them with me without abandoning them, but… I had no choice but to leave them behind for now.

	“…”

	“Are you still mad me, Linka?”

	Linka, walking next to me, looked up at me with a musing expression.

	“Of course not. If I heard that Amako got caught for such a super stupid reason, I’d have this look on my face.”

	I told Linka why Amako had been captured.

	I probably shouldn’t really talk about it, but I decided that since this girl was Amako’s friend, I should explain it properly.

	When Linka heard the story, she became so angry that her face turned red.

	“What did Amako do to them…? For such a selfish reason, Amako’s mother was taken away from her, and now her freedom is being taken away as well… That’s just too crazy.”

	“…Yes, I think so too.”

	I agreed with Linka’s words, stifling my emotions.

	Perhaps curious about my situation, Linka looked up at me with some doubt.

	“Aren’t you mad at them, Usato? You haven’t shown any signs of anger since a while ago.”

	“Me? I’m not angry at…”

	“You’re lying.”

	Surprised by the immediate reply, Linka looked somewhat confident.

	“Usato, you’re actually very angry, aren’t you? Because that was really unnatural. You didn’t have a smile in your eyes at all, and it looked normal, but it wasn’t normal at all.”

	“…I guess I have a tendency to show it on my face.”

	As a matter of fact, I have been suppressing my anger.

	But the reason I didn’t explode it in the cage was because my anger wasn’t good for Amako.

	“Honestly, how can I not be angry? My friends are about to get hurt. But now is not the time to let my anger take precedence, so I’m trying to keep my cool.”

	This is a problem that can’t be solved by raging out of control.

	I have to save Amako and save Kanoko-san’s life.

	To do that, I have to suppress my anger and hold back for now.

	“But if I explode, I might be in big trouble. Hahaha.”

	“It might get really tough. Usato’s legs and strength are beyond that of a beast.”

	Linka finally smiled at my joke.

	“But what’s really going to happen? Is he going to run around like a big monster?”

	“That’s not going to happen…”

	Just as I was about to say “no,” Bluerin looked up as if he had noticed something, and I switched my attention.

	“Hey, you guys!”

	At the same time, a voice from behind.

	I turned around before anyone else and saw two beastmen holding lights and readying their weapons at a distance of more than 20 meters.

	As soon as I recognized them, I kicked the ground hard and approached the two beastmen in one breath, right under their noses.

	“Huh?”

	“Huh?”

	“I’m sorry.”

	Muttering softly, I slam a healing punch into each of their abdomens.

	I went easy on them, but I hit them with enough force to stun them for sure, so they wouldn’t wake up until dawn.

	After checking that the two beastmen were not injured, I wiped my forehead and turned back to Arc-san and the others.

	“Whew, thank goodness they were knocked out before we were found out… Hmm?”

	“”…””

	Looking behind me, I see two parents and their children, their faces pale and stunned.

	Near them is Arc-san who is smiling bitterly, and Bluerin who is absent-minded.

	Once again, I look at the unconscious soldier and return with a sullen look on my face.

	“It’s not life-threatening, they’ll be fine.”

	“”That’s a lie!””

	I guess parents and children are alike.

	I couldn’t help but give them a twitchy smile as they both dexterously stifled their voices.





Chapter 134

	Author’s Note: This is from Amako’s POV.





* * *



	I was happy just to have my mother in my life.

	Ever since I can remember, there was no one I could call a father.

	But I never felt lonely because I had my mother.

	“You can’t be like me…”

	That was the memory of that day two years ago.

	It was the last conversation we had when Mother met me a few days before she fell asleep.

	With tears streaming down her face, Mother hugged me tenderly, as if this was the last goodbye.

	“Mo-ther?”

	“I’m sorry, I’m sorry… I’m sorry.”

	“Why are you apologizing?”

	She slowly put her hands on my shoulders and let go of my body. She wiped away her tears and looked at me with eyes that showed extraordinary determination.

	“Amako, you shouldn’t be here. You can’t stay here, you can’t live a normal life, you can’t be happy…”

	“Yes,…”

	“Don’t say anything right now, just listen. This is the only time I can tell you this, when no one is looking.”

	I didn’t know what that meant.

	There was no inconvenience in my life now, no reason to leave.

	I didn’t understand why I had to leave.

	“There is no future for you here. But there is one out there. So you’re going to live in a new place.”

	“…And you’re following as well right, mother?”

	Mom smiled sadly at my words.

	“I’m sorry, but I can’t go with you. I have some things I have to do here.”

	“What…?”

	“It’s important. It’s okay, you’re a strong girl. You’ll find someone you can truly believe in.”

	Mother’s words sounded like she was sure of something.

	That was the last conversation my mother and I had two years ago.

	At that time, Mother’s face was sad, but her concern for my safety was filled with the same kindness as always…





* * *



	“Amako, I’m home.”

	“…”

	I was woken up by Nea’s cerebral voice coming in through the window provided in the high place.

	It wasn’t a prediction, it was a dream about what happened two years ago.

	Rubbing my eyes, I got up from the futon and turned my attention to Nea, who had moved to a perch prepared by her caretaker.

	“How was it?”

	“Usato and Arc both knew exactly what to do.”

	“Okay. Good.”

	I was hardly worried, though.

	I was confident that Usato would definitely notice my lie.

	“Nea, you really gave me a rough time, but it turned out to be a good experience.”

	“It’s kind of thorny the way you say it,… Are you still upset about me?”

	“I don’t care about it now.”

	She doesn’t say it out loud, but she really doesn’t care because she’s quite remorseful.

	In fact, I’m rather glad that Nea is here in this situation.

	Because without Nea, I wouldn’t have been able to act so freely either.

	“And you know what! I was there to help and that monster used brute force to get rid of the shackles, and he said that he was able to escape on his own… He doesn’t even know what I’m going through.”

	“Well, it’s not surprising that Usato could escape, let alone Arc-san…”

	“Yes I know, but…!”

	And he’s even more polished after his fight with Karon in Mia Rak.

	Jinya didn’t know too much about Usato in the first place, which was kind of the whole point of this mission.

	No, it’s impossible to expect a human whose physical abilities are usually inferior to that of a beastman to move in an unorthodox manner.

	“He seemed to have noticed your lie right away. He was also very perceptive, which I can’t imagine is normal.”

	“That’s true. I said it in a way that only Usato and Arc-san, who have traveled together, could understand.”

	From an outsider’s perspective, it would have sounded like I was telling Usato and the others to go home in despair over my prediction. In fact, Jinya, who heard my false prediction, was fooled by it and managed to bring me and Usato together.

	However, my true intention was to tell Usato and the others that I would fight Jinya head on.

	“Jinya said our relationship was fragile. But words like that won’t shake what we’ve been through.”

	Do you know how many hardships we’ve gone through?

	Nea conjured a wicked dragon.

	In Samaria, we worked to break the curse.

	In Mia Rak, we fought to stop Karon, a dragon man gone mad.

	They were all tough cases, but we worked together and helped each other through the process.

	“How can I say this, you two trust each other…”

	“What are you talking about? Nea is the same.”

	Nea mumbled as if it was someone’s problem, and I replied in a dumbfounded way.

	Nea, whose beak was stunned by my words, immediately smiled in a funny way.

	“That’s right. I don’t know what I’m talking about.”

	“Are you finally a bird head as well as in the eyes?”

	“That’s rude! I’ll peck you!”

	I smiled a little at Nea, who spread her wings in anger and started gesturing with her beak.

	However, this was not the time for a friendly conversation, so I quickly changed the subject.

	“Speaking of which, did you get permission from Usato?”

	“Yes, I did. I’ve already sucked the blood from the guards and maids. No one will hear or notice you and I talking until it’s time for their shift to change.”

	“…Nea is pretty much what Usato says she is. In terms of danger, Nea is better than most villains.”

	It’s really tremendous to be able to increase the number of people you can manipulate in the blink of an eye, even if you’re bound to make sure no one notices.

	Nea’s lips twitched slightly, as if she wasn’t satisfied with my words.

	“It’s not that all-powerful. It takes a lot of magic to control them, and more importantly, I have to suck their blood and suggest them to myself, so it’s a lot of work. So it’s not like I can control a lot of them.”

	“…I see.”

	“Yeah, so you have to think about when to use it. It’s more like Usato’s nature is worse. He seems like a harmless person when he’s acting normal, but once he shows his true colors, he’ll hit you with healing magic. He’s also inhumanly fast and powerful, and compared to such a monster, I’m still pretty cute.”

	I don’t think either one of them would be able to do that.

	But Nea wasn’t just implying things without thinking, either…

	Not that I could say it either, when I have a horrible ability.

	“Well, leave it to me to work behind the scenes. I’ll remind Jinya who he’s pissed off and who he’s made enemies with.”

	“…Yeah, please.”

	This time, Nea might be pissed off.

	There was no reason for Nea to take it easy on this Jinya guy, who was unreasonably trapped and also refused to keep even the most minimal of promises.

	Besides, I think that Nea herself likes Usato.

	I’m sure she’ll never tell him about it. I’m not sure I can speak for anyone else…

	“Oh, and by the way, I’ve seen your mother’s condition.”

	“!!! How did it go?”

	“I checked again, but I still couldn’t feel the magic. It was unnatural, too.”

	She can’t feel the magic.

	It’s safe to say that magic doesn’t exist in my mother right now.

	“There are two possibilities. Either the magic power itself has disappeared from her body, or the magic power has moved to another place as it is. I’m thinking it’s the latter.”

	The magic power has been transferred.

	There’s only one reason I can think of.

	“So it’s because of ‘Towa’?”

	“Not all of it, but it seems to be part of it. In the first place, it’s a magic tool for transferring precognition magic, and since it’s said to be incomplete, it wouldn’t be surprising if the part that controls Kanoko’s own magic power itself was pulled out due to some kind of harm.”

	I had never thought about what would happen if the magic power was removed from a person.

	It’s not the same as consuming magic and losing it.

	Besides—-

	“…Mother is still in her body. She’s not waking up, but she’s still alive in that body.”

	As Usato tried to heal my mother with the systemic enhancement, her words flowed into his mind through her body.

	Mother was letting her voice reach us with a certain intent.

	“I heard the voice itself through Usato, too. It’s hard to believe, though.”

	“…I couldn’t believe it either. It was the first time I’d heard my mother’s voice in two years…”

	I was so shocked that I couldn’t even move when Jinya and the others attacked.

	“I’ve always wondered why my mother stopped waking up. When I heard that she wouldn’t wake up no matter what I did, I told myself that she was suffering from a serious illness, and I looked for a healing magician who could do something about the… illness.”

	When I got back here I finally understood.

	I heard about a magic tool called “Towa”, and I heard Jinya using my mom’s precognitive magic with great pride.

	“But the truth is different. Mother is not sick. She was forced to move the Towa. She was forced into a situation where she had to do it, so she activated ‘Towa’ on her own.”

	“The situation… where you had to use an unfinished magic tool… is the reason why your mother would do that.”

	“I know.”

	I interrupted Nea’s words.

	Here I am, looking at a part of Mother’s memory and I finally know the reason for her words and tears at that time.

	“Two years ago, I was the one who was supposed to use ‘Towa’. Mother had to stop it, so she took my place instead…”

	“He’s the only one who could have made me do that…”

	“Jinya, the man who had the power from that time.”

	I really shudder to think that if I had stayed in the beastman country like that, I would have been treated as a component to run ‘Towa’.

	But more than that, I was angry.

	My mother would have been trying to create Towa for me and the other magicians who would be born later. But then they twisted the way it was to make it their own power, and to top it off, he sacrificed even my mother.

	To be honest, I’m really angry right now.

	But I’m still able to keep my cool because I still have hope that I can wake her up.

	“I won’t let her or myself be used by that man anymore.”

	I’m done being carried away by an unreasonable fate.

	It’s over being scared of an uncertain future.

	“I, no, we,… all will grab the best outcome.”

	If hn wants to play games, we can play games.

	We’ll destroy all that stuff.

	“Usato will definitely come to my rescue. So let’s do what we can until then.”

	“What if Usato doesn’t come?”

	You don’t have to ask me that, you know what I mean.

	Nea’s tone was mischievous, as if she knew what she was talking about.

	“He’ll come. It’s Usato.”

	“Hmmm… That’s right. The reply to your message was ‘I’ll definitely help you’.”

	I’m sure Jinya, who looks down on humans, won’t even notice this Usato person.

	No matter how difficult the situation, he has never given up on someone he wished to help.

	As I was looking up at the night sky through the high window with the moonlight streaming in, Nea suddenly remembered something and called out to me again.

	“I’ve been wondering…”

	“What?”

	“Did you see the future? The future where Usato and Arc die was all a lie, wasn’t it?”

	The unexpected question made me upset.

	I shake my head, trying not to let her know how upset I am.

	“I didn’t see… But it gave me an idea of the extent of Jinya’s precognition.”

	“Hmm, I guess it’s convenient, but inconvenient in some ways.”

	“…”

	I apologize inwardly to Nea for lying to her, who quickly ended the conversation, as if she wasn’t that interested. I had seen the prediction. It wasn’t a false prediction that Usato and Arc-san would die, but a genuine prediction.

	I didn’t want Nea to be disturbed, so I decided to keep quiet. Because the future I saw was ominous in a way.

	In the midst of the battle, Usato and an unidentified—-

	“Black, masked warrior.”

	I stood behind Usato, watching the battle intently.

	I saw the eerie warrior with flickering shadows and a black mask covering his face, fighting more than evenly with Usato.

	The masked black man shouted in delight, and Usato gritted his teeth and raised his right fist wrapped in gauntlet. My prediction ends with the light, as the fight unfolds in a way that my eyes cannot follow.

	That’s all my prediction is.

	However, I was worried that there was another enemy that threatened Usato apart from Jinya.





Chapter 135

	After successfully escaping Hinomoto, the land of the beasts, we met up with Hayate-san’s men, who had also left the country and were a short distance away.

	Being wary of ambushes, I asked Arc-san and Linka to stand by while the more mobile Bluerin and I followed Hayate-san, but fortunately there were no traitors among Hayate-san’s men, so we were able to join him without difficulty.

	I heard that Hayate-san’s subordinates numbered about 30. Originally there were more, but the other subordinates stayed behind to hide in the country and send information to us.

	We left Hinomoto and headed for the hidden village where Linka’s grandfather, Kagari-san, lived.

	When we returned to the hidden village early in the morning with Hayate-san, Kagari-san was very surprised to see us, but when he heard what had happened in Hinomoto, he was just as angry as Hayate-san and Linka.

	Hayate-san, who had been looking at Kagari-san with a strange expression on his face, said something shocking with a determined look on his face.

	“I’m going to pull Jinya down from his position as… chief. The current Jinya is only focused on fighting. I will not leave my beloved family and… people in his hands.”

	I felt his words were very heavy.

	The next time he looked at us, he bowed deeply and asked for our help.

	Normally, as outsiders, we were not supposed to cooperate with Hayate-san.

	However, in this case, it was no problem since Jinya-san was trying to antagonize the humans in the first place. Rather, as a person from the Kingdom of Lingle, it’s no exaggeration to say that we have the best cause to lend our support to Hayate-san, who is trying to stop us from intervening in the war against humans.

	After discussing it with Arc-san, I agreed to Hayate-san’s offer.

	I would stop Jinya-san and rescue Amako.

	After that, I would save Kanoko-san, the ultimate goal of my journey.

	Recognizing the above objectives, I decided to do what I could until the day Amako was reclaimed.





* * *



	“…Fu…”

	After arriving at the hidden village and taking a short nap there, I was training in healing magic in front of Kagari-san’s house, who had taken care of me again.

	I had done all the physical training, but as a healing magician, I still had to practice healing magic. I know I shouldn’t be doing that with Amako in captivity.

	It would be a shame to waste the time until the strategy meeting, so I’ll do what I can while I can.

	“Healing Punch.”

	A technique used to stun an opponent unharmed.

	A fist covered with healing magic is thrust out.

	The sound of wind rushing through the air is unpleasant.

	“Healing Magic Bullet”.

	A technique used to heal an opponent at a distance.

	Then, throwing the magic bullet generated in the palm at the tree in front of me.

	The released magic bullet bursts and disappears with a green flash.

	After confirming this, I unfolded the gauntlet in my right hand and weaved it with magic power.

	“Healing Magic Random Bullet”.

	A technique to heal the wounded who are injured in a group.

	I release a diffusing magic bullet at the same spot as before.

	The magic bullet splits and disappears with a sound like sparks.

	“Healing Magic Bursting Palm”.

	A technique used to save an ally in distress.

	From the palm, it shoots out an explosion of magic power that uses system enhancement.

	With a bang, it bounces off the leaves and air on the ground.

	“And system enhancement.”

	The depths of healing magic.

	Concentrating my consciousness, I generate azure magic power in my palm, a systematic strengthening of healing magic.

	It’s a double-edged sword that causes the user to lose recovery power at the cost of an explosive increase in recovery power for others —– that’s systematic enhancement.

	“So these are the techniques I can use for now.”

	This is the basic technique, though there are derivatives such as healing throw and healing blindness.

	If I use it in combat, all of the techniques will upset my opponents, but I can also use it to help allies.

	“I’d like to have another way to do that.”

	You can never have too many techniques.

	In my case, I have to anticipate all kinds of situations, so I need a technique for each situation.

	“Healing magic bursting palm with directionality:… Healing magic bursting fist!”

	The image is a turret.

	The healing magic bursting palm, which was intended to be released by the whole gauntlet, is at once condensed into a fist and unleashed.

	And then, boom! A tremendous sound resonated from my fist.

	The impact was greater than I had imagined, and I fell back unconsciously.

	“Whoa!”

	Looking ahead, I saw a tree trunk that was clearly gouged into the size of my fist.

	I could immediately understand how the gouged surface had been created by the smoky residue of healing magic, as it scattered wood shavings.

	The distance was only a little more than ten meters, but I had overcome the weakness of not being able to unintentionally send a magic bullet.

	But

	“…”

	I’m sorry, but I’m disappointed with it.

	It’s not the kind of healing magic that you can unleash on people.

	I thought it would be nice if I could make it fly like a rocket punch, but it turned out to be a much more vicious technique than I expected.

	“Okay, let’s seal this technique!”

	This is not a healing magic bursting fist, it’s a healing magic bom…, or a healing magic cannon, or maybe a healing magic shrinking cannon. Anyways, let’s not use this technique at all in the future.

	Even if I assume every situation, there is no way someone won’t be injured using it. In fact, it would be a technique that would end up killing the injured person.

	Okay, let’s forget about this technique and get to Hayate-san’s place!

	With that in mind, I turned around and—–

	“…Huh… uhhh, Usato?”

	My eyes met with Linka’s, who had opened the door and was looking at me with a shocked expression.

	She looked at my face and the gouged tree in turn, then turned around and said.

	“G-Grandpa! Dad! Usato gouged the tree with his fist… pressure alone?”

	“No no no no wait a minute! It’s healing magic! It’s a healing spell!”

	“You’re lying! There’s no way there’s any healing magic that can break bones and then blow them up! Fist pressure is still more believable! Have some common sense!”

	A fourteen year old girl questioned me about common sense.

	Kagari-san and Hayate-san had a very hard time excusing themselves because they could believe Linka’s words as normal.

	I’m glad that Nea wasn’t there, because I think she would have said something…





* * *



	There was a bit of a commotion, but I managed to get through it, and I was having a strategy meeting with Hayate-san and his troops, along with Arc-san.

	According to the reports from the remaining people in Hinomoto, the Towa would be completed by tomorrow afternoon. Jinya-san plans to start planning to put Amako on Towa as soon as it is completed.

	If Towa is completed and Amako’s precognitive magic is transferred to Jinya-san and the Kingsguard soldiers, the beastmen will have the power to fight the humans, and participation in the war will be inevitable.

	Hayate-san’s ultimate goal is to stop this and pull Jinya-san down from his position as chief.

	In conducting the operation, I first told them about Nea.

	“Right now, my familiar is increasing the number of allies from inside Hinomoto.”

	“You mean her, right? But what do you mean, more allies?”

	“She’s sucking the blood of the soldiers and imploring them to join her.”

	When I said that, everyone froze except for me and Arc-san.

	It was the reaction I had expected, so I didn’t mind and continued.

	“My familiar is a vampire. Normally, I have told her not to use her powers, but for… this time, I’ve lifted the ban. She estimates that she can have a quarter or a third of the soldiers on her side by tomorrow. We can’t directly target Jinya-san with the quicksand, though…”

	“Yeah, that’s still good enough for me… I see. She was a vampire, wasn’t she? A demon that I’ve only heard of in literature, but I can’t believe that it… actually exists and that you’re using it… as your errand boy. Even Jinya-san can’t recognize her, this is…”

	The truth is that she’s mixed with a Necromancer.

	I don’t want to say that because it would draw more attention to me.

	“But we’ll still be outnumbered… and then we’ll have to figure out how to—-“

	“We’ll help you out.”

	“!”

	At the sound of the third party’s voice, Hayate-san turned his gaze to the entrance of the meeting hall, where Kagari-san-san and Dietetsu-san, the tiger beastman with whom we had arm-wrestled before, stood arm-in-arm.

	“Dad, isn’t that you and Dietetsu-san! What the hell is going on?”

	Hayate-san shouted in surprise, as if he knew who Dietetsu-san was.

	“He’s saying that our young people are going to be your allies.”

	“I know that. But it’s not like you guys are going out of your way to get involved in danger…”

	“Don’t be so watery about it. We’ve heard what happened from the chief. I’m not sure what the chief was thinking when he decided to go to war. But I do know that it’s wrong for an adult to sacrifice Amako or a child to gain power for that purpose.”

	“Dietetsu…”

	Dietetsu-san also has a son.

	With that in mind, his anger was justified.

	“I bet, once you make a sacrifice like that, it becomes the norm. You can’t do that, though. A child who should be protected should never be sacrificed.”

	“Are you serious,…?”

	“Yeah, I’m convinced of all 20 of the men who are proud of their arms. Now it’s up to you to decide.”

	At these words, Hayate-san nodded and instructed his men to prepare chairs for Dietetsu-san and Kagari-san.

	They all took their seats.

	“Thanks to Usato and everyone in the village, I think we can manage the strength gap… Now we just need to figure out how to infiltrate.”

	Then a meticulous plan for the operation was assembled.

	As for the terms of the plan.

	It must be for the purpose of stopping Jinya-san, not fighting him.

	We must avoid killing each other and seize him as much as possible.

	This condition was obvious, since it would be pointless to kill or injure one’s own people in order to stop them from participating in the war. The problem was that the soldiers on Jinya-san’s side might really try to kill us, but Hayate-san denied that.

	“They’re not sure, either. They’re wondering if they really want to join the war, or if they have to go to battle. Many of the soldiers, as well as those here, joined the army with the aspiration of protecting the people. Sadly, only Jinya-san and a few others really want to fight.”

	His expression was sad as he added the words, “Sadly”.

	Then some strategy was formulated and the conversation moved on to the next phase.

	“Amako is probably heavily guarded. It should be the same when Towa is activated. Jinya will also try to activate the magic tool as soon as ‘Towa’ is completed, so if you want to save… Amako, this is the place for someone agile enough to get through the siege and rescue her.”

	“Then I’ll go there myself as a wolf tribe.”

	One soldier with ears similar to Hayate-san’s came forward.

	But then Arc-san, who had been keeping silent like me, raised his hand lightly and opened his mouth.

	“No, I think Usato-dono is more suitable for the job here.”

	We were all surprised by his words, which he had kept to himself until now, but Hayate-san put his hand on his chin as if troubled.

	“He’s human, right? I know he’s on our side, but he’s not… a beastmen.”

	“No, we might as well let Usato handle this.”

	“Captain!”

	The troopers were surprised by his words, but Hayate-san put both palms out in front of him as if to admonish them.

	“Alright, everyone. Listen to me carefully. He is not a human in our beastmen’s common sense. He tore off solid fetters with his bare hands and overpowered two soldiers in the middle distance in an instant. I saw it with my own eyes, and it was beyond the scope of… humans.”

	Excuse me. I’d like to interject a great deal.

	I know you’re desperately trying to convince me, but there’s a human being in front of you who has something gushy stuck in his heart.

	“Wah, wafu, I think so too!”

	“Huh?”

	The person who raised her hand there was the female soldier I had startled when I entered Hinomoto.

	She glanced at me, shook her shoulders, and then opened her mouth voluntarily.

	“He may look like a normal boy now, but he actually has the face of a very terrif—… I mean a brave warrior. I’m sure he will be able to save Amako-sama!”

	I’m sorry, did you just say “terrifying”?

	I’m glad you’re pushing me, but, um, why aren’t you making eye contact with me?

	“Oh, don’t be fooled by appearances. After all, He’s beaten all the men in my village in arm-wrestling. He may look like a human, but I think it’s more accurate to say he’s an ogre.”

	As if to encourage me, Dietetsu-san said this with a happy expression on his face.

	Finally, when everyone’s eyes turned to look at me as if they were looking at some other creature, Hayate-san finally spoke up.

	“Moreover, he has a vampire as his familiar, and he also has a pure bond with a blue grizzly. Why is that? Because he’s done just that. Isn’t that right? Usato.”

	“Huh? Huh? Well, um…”

	“Usato-dono. I know this is painful, but please be mature and affirm it.”

	“…Yes.”

	Ah, not even you Arc-san…

	When I affirmed while dropping my shoulders to Arc-san who whispered to me, the people in my unit looked at me somewhat in awe.

	I’m sure it’s a good thing that I can go straight to help Amako, but I’m afraid that I’m finally not going to be treated like a human being anymore.

	But now the details of our plan were almost decided.

	Our goal is to rescue Amako.

	Hayate-san’s goal is to capture Jinya-san.

	If we can get it right, we can end this without any unnecessary conflicts, but with him having precognitive magic, it will be difficult.

	“…”

	However, what crossed my mind at this time was not Jinya-san, but the man from the demon race that I had met when I was locked in the cage.

	——In the near future, I might have to face that man.

	I had a vague feeling, without any certainty, but I didn’t like it.





Chapter 136

	It’s noon on the third day of Amako’s captivity.

	We were waiting around Hinomoto to carry out our mission, as the completion of Towa was nearing.

	For the mission, we were divided into three teams. The first was a highly mobile diversionary team, the second was a team to hold off the security guards, and the last was a team to go to Jinya-san and Amako.

	I’m in the third unit, commanded by Hayate-san, while Arc-san and Blurin are in the second unit.

	I’m a little worried about Blurin, but if he’s with Arc-san, he’ll be fine… right? Well, I think he can take care not to cause serious injury to his opponent.

	However, although it was good to be in place, as expected, the area around the entrance to Hinomoto was heavily guarded, making it difficult to enter without being detected.

	“Are you nervous?”

	Daitetsu-san speaks to me as I stare at the gate from a distance.

	With his simple armor and large sword sheathed on his back, I nodded frankly.

	“Yes, I’ve never done anything like this before.”

	“I guess you’re right. To tell you the truth, it’s my first time too.”

	I was almost thrown off by Daitetsu-san who said it so openly.

	According to what Hayate-san told me, Daitetsu-san used to be a soldier for Hinomoto before he came to the hidden village, and he is an excellent person with plenty of experience.

	“I hope this is the last time I have to do something like this.”

	“…yeah.”

	He was one of the soldiers who had been protecting Hinomoto.

	He is helping us to stop the war, but in his heart, he must not want to fight with the same species.

	If we can, I hope we can capture Jinya-san in the shortest time possible…

	“Captain, the diversion team is ready.”

	While I was talking with Daitetsu-san, a subordinate told Hayate-san, who was a little further away, that he had received word of the diversion team waiting in front of another gate.

	Hearing what was said, Hayate-san nodded, looked around at the thirty or so members of the group, including me and Daitetsu-san, and opened his mouth.

	“When the signal is given from that side, we’ll enter Hinomoto too. I’m sure there will be heavily deployed guards inside, but we’ll take advantage of the confusion and get to Towa at once. And with that, I’ve asked the escort team to clear the area.”

	Everyone, including me, nodded at Hayate’s words.

	He instructed us to wait for his signal, made everyone sit down, and came closer to me.

	Hayate-san spoke to me anxiously.

	“Usato, if you have to fight Jinya, be careful not to get surrounded.”

	“Yes, I understand.”

	“…Jinya is a warrior who prefers to fight without magic. The reason he doesn’t need magic is because he’s a bear beastman who is blessed with a great physique. In addition, the swordsmanship that he specializes in is from a school that was created based on the techniques of Kannagi-sama… No matter how strong you are, it is difficult to avoid attacks when your movements are predicted by precognitive magic.”

	Kannagi-sama.

	As I recall, it was a beast woman who was working with the previous hero.

	There’s no way I can underestimate someone who can handle such a person’s swordsmanship. Rather, the fact that she was working with the hero makes him, in my opinion, as formidable a woman as Rose.

	“I’m glad I left… Linka behind. I couldn’t let that girl be a part of a conflict like this.”

	“She did say she wanted to come…”

	Before we left the hidden village, Linka said with a bow and arrow in her hand, “I want to come too! I’m going to save Amako!” From a distance, it looked funny, but from Hayate-san’s point of view, it was probably not a good idea.

	We’re not going out to play now. We have to go to a place where there is a risk that the other party will come at us with the intention of killing us. Hayate-san couldn’t take Linka to such a place.

	And so, Linka was taken back home by Kagari-san, who strapped her to a wing… crying, shouting loudly to Hayate-san and why he was being bad to her.

	[Father’s unworthy! You stink! You’re always hiding behind mother’s back! Ugh, you stinky stink!!! And, Usato’s, Usato’s! You scarily strong monster! You surprise of a human! You’re a monster from the neck up and a monster underneath too!]

	I really felt like I was going to burst into tears.

	I would’ve.

	“…Usato, do I smell that bad?… I’ve been called stinky twice.”

	“I wonder what the difference is between a monster and a monster…”

	Let’s not even get into the fact that they’re both inhuman at this point. What’s that? Do I look like a monster, like a sphinx or a mythical creature?

	Remembering her words, Hayate-san and I both feel depressed.

	Remembering Linka’s abuse, something occurred to me, so I decided to ask about it.

	“Hayate-san, how is your wife doing?”

	“My wife has been away from here on business. It turned out to be a good thing, but I’m afraid of what’s going to happen after she comes back… Haha, I’m really scared…”

	Sighing loudly, Hayate-san looks melancholy.

	…Well, I can’t help it that I was abused at this point. I can’t be in such a depressed mood when I’m about to go into battle.

	Saying that and changing my mind, I notice that something shiny has been launched into the sky, something flew above Hinomoto and burst into flames with a loud noise was undoubtedly a spell cast by a member of the diversion team.

	“That’s the signal. Let’s go, everyone.”

	At the signal, everyone stood up and quietly headed towards the door.

	The soldiers on guard were too distracted by the signal to look at us.

	“Usato, can I leave it to you? I’ll cover you.”

	Hayate-san checked the soldiers on guard and asked.

	There are six of them… and I can get close enough to neutralize them without them noticing.

	I nodded and took out my gauntlet to make a healing magic bullet, and took off at full speed from the spot. When the soldiers heard the sound of my leap, they all turned around and immediately raised their weapons.

	At that moment, the healing magic bullet that I created while running hit the soldier who was about to raise his bow and arrow and knocked him down.

	“Whoa!”

	“E-enemy–“

	I apologize inwardly as I swing the soldier around to engulf the four soldiers who had tried to point their weapons at me.

	Finally, I toss the bow and arrow at the soldier who flipped it off.

	“Mo—-monst—guh!”

	Was he about to say something? Well not like I care.

	As far as I can see, there are no external injuries… I was able to stun him well. After all, healing throws are very effective in group battles.

	I placed a thumbs up towards the back while casting a healing spell on the fallen who are as donkey-headed as Hayate-san was two days ago, and Daitetsu-san who has a twitchy smile on his face, opened their mouths.

	“…Hey, hey, hey. This thing didn’t even need backup, did it?”

	“Even though I asked for it, even six soldiers are too easy for him… really tremendous.”

	Surprised, Hayate-san turned back to his men and indicated the soldiers I had stunned with his hand.

	“Did you see that? This is what he’s capable of. There will be no one who doubts it now. Then our job is to get him to Amako… Let’s go!”

	At first they were confused, but Hayate-san’s words reenergized them, and they shouted in response, approaching the door I was at.

	I watched them with somewhat distant eyes, and then looked up at the door towering behind me.

	“Wait for me. Amako, Nea.”

	I will save you.

	I’ve been told that I’m a monster, but this time, I’m going to take the shortest route possible.

	I don’t care how bad my reputation gets at this point. I definitely don’t want to lose the friends I’ve been traveling with.

	Having made up my mind once again, I clenched my fist, which was filled with healing magic, and started to move forward.





* * *



	The “Towa”. It was supposed to be made for people with precognitive magic.

	By transferring precognitive magic into the magic tool itself, my mother has poured her heart and soul into creating a magic tool that will allow precognitive magicians who are forced to live in isolated spaces to live freely.

	I’m sure my mother didn’t want me to lead a life of inconvenience.

	A life of freedom without being bound by precognition magic.

	Free from the status of not being allowed to leave the country.

	She wished for such a normal life that ordinary people lead, from the bottom of her heart.

	“Look, Amako. This is ‘Towa’.”

	But this man messed up mother’s wish.

	I was taken out of the room where I had been confined and brought to a place, surrounded by Jinya and soldiers who seemed to be my bodyguards.

	I left Nea in the room, but I’m sure she’s still watching me somewhere.

	The place I was brought to was a large square, which was unusual for this place.

	Normally, this is a place where many people gather for festivals and other events, but today, in the center of the square, there was a square black object about one size larger than a hut, and around it were several people who looked like technicians looking at magic tools.

	That was the ‘Towa’.

	“You’re going to fall into a deep sleep, just like your mother. You would like that, right?”

	“…I have one final question for you, is that alright?”

	“What?”

	I ask the question, ignoring Jinya’s words.

	The question I’m about to ask is just a confirmation. But I do have a few questions.

	Until I hear them, I can’t move forward with the situation.

	“Who was really supposed to be using ‘Towa’?”

	“…”

	Jinya’s eyes widened and he fell silent, as if the question was unexpected.

	After a few seconds of silence, he looked to his men to back off.

	When he was sure that his men were gone, he gave a thin smile.

	“All right. I’ll tell you one last thing. As you can imagine, you were originally supposed to be on ‘Towa’.”

	“I would have only lost my precognitive magic if I had been placed on the… completed ‘Towa’. What did you do to my mother’s ‘Towa’?”

	“…You’re smart. You got that far with that little information.”

	He looked surprised, but his thin smile didn’t fade.

	Jinya looks at ‘Towa’ out of the corner of his eye and speaks nostalgically.

	“Kanoko’s research was undoubtedly a success. But in the process of that research, I happened to learn something. That is that ‘Towa’ allows us to transfer and give magic itself from others.”

	…So that’s it.

	If you can transfer precognitive magic to a magic tool, then you can transfer magic from person to person through a magic tool.

	“But there’s no way mother wouldn’t have noticed that.”

	“Of course, that’s what Kanoko was trying to hide from me. It was to no avail, though. When I found out about it, I bribed the researcher and instructed him to secretly rebuild the inside of the ‘Towa’.”

	“Huh.”

	I knew.

	I knew in my head that he was the kind of person who would do such a thing, but I couldn’t control my anger and glared at Jinya.

	He let out a derisive laugh, not bothering to meet my gaze.

	“But hey, I’ve noticed. That woman. Kanoko, who noticed it with her precognitive magic, immediately attempted to restore the ‘Towa’ to its original function, but… the ‘Towa’ was already fully completed to the point where it was too late.”

	“…”

	“In doing so, I put a watchful eye on Kanoko to prevent her from doing anything unnecessary, and I made sure that she couldn’t move… –“

	Jinya broke off there and shook his head in dismay.

	“Normally, I would have given up right there, but that woman took unexpected action, and to my surprise, she got around the surveillance and tried to destroy ‘Towa’ by forcing it to run out of control. It was abominable.”

	It wouldn’t be long before he could fool the watchful eye.

	Mother, of all people, should have known better than to try to destroy it in such a short time.

	But even so, it was for… me that she tried to destroy it.

	“It was unexpected for me to let ‘Towa’ run amok and try to destroy it. So I was in a panic at that time. But at this time, an unexpected miscalculation occurred for Kanoko.”

	Jinya then pointed to his own eyes.

	“Even though it was running out of control, ‘Towa’ was still properly activated. I happened to be the closest one to the runaway and Kanoko’s precognition magic came into play. I didn’t get your precognition magic, which was my original goal, but I did get what I wanted. And Kanoko, the only one who knew what I was planning, is now bedridden. That means that… your mother’s act–“

	My heart trembles.

	I don’t know what it is that I’m feeling, but I know for sure that it’s…

	“It’s all for nothing.”

	This is an existence that must not be tolerated.

	Jinya looked down at me and said that with a sneer, and then had the soldiers of the Kingsguard bring me back to the front of ‘Towa’.

	“It’s you this time. With you, who has the best precognitive magic in all of time, we’ll be more powerful than ever. Wouldn’t you like that? After all, you’ll end up like Kanoko.”

	With that, Jinya poked me on the back to get me inside ‘Towa’.

	I go inside without saying a word.

	It was a pitch-black space just like the outside, with a chair-like object that stood out among the paved, blocky interior.

	On the chair was something that looked like a restraint and a ring that was placed over his head.

	“Sit down.”

	I was poked in the back again and hesitantly sat down in the chair.

	Then, one of the researchers put the restraints on my extremities. I look down as I spend the process in silence.

	I’m still scared.

	No matter how hard I try to keep my mind strong, the fear comes from deep within.

	I know that they will come to help me. I know that Nea is watching me somewhere, and that she is with me. But… still, the fear of death will not disappear no matter what.

	The reason why I don’t cry is because I believe that he will come to my rescue.

	When I became silent and turned my head down, Jinya spoke to me as if he was chasing me.

	“There’s no use in clinging to vain hopes. Your friends have fled. They left you behind.”

	No, that’s not possible.

	“That’s what people are like. A fragile clan that will flee as soon as they find themselves in danger.”

	I know.

	That person who is willing to save someone else, even risking himself.

	Yeah, that’s right, isn’t it?

	No matter who stopped him, no matter what kind of opponent blocked him, he always pushed forward. There’s absolutely no way that he would say ‘I’ll definitely help you’ and not come.

	“…Fufu.”

	And now, I could see it.

	“Is that all you have to say?”

	“What?”

	“I’ve finished Towa. I’ve prepared enough… for now. I’m already saved.”

	Jinya looks at me like I’m a creepy person for talking to someone who is not here.

	But it’s too late to notice anything unusual.

	Your plan has already failed long ago.

	“Have you lost your mind? What the hell are you doing?”

	“Jinya-sama!

	“What the hell!”

	Jinya frowned at my words, but then turned his head as a soldier came running towards him in a bloodcurdling rage.

	The soldier let out a frightened scream, but began to falter in his report.

	“Hii,i-it’s an attack! Hayate-sama is taking a large number of his men with him, and somehow our allies have suddenly betrayed us and the whole country is in chaos!”

	“What the hell?

	“Yes, and the person we captured the other day is overpowering the soldiers one after another with unbelievable movements! Is that really a human? Maybe it’s a new weapon from the human side…”

	“Don’t be ridiculous! Gather the soldiers and clear it out with physical force!”

	“Yeah, that’s almost there.”

	Jinya changes his expression, but I notice that the researcher has taken the liberty of removing my restraints.

	“You, what are you taking off without permission!”

	“I’m sorry, sir. It’s an order.”

	The researcher replies to Jinya’s angry words with empty eyes.

	Here, he’s even more confused, sweat beading on his forehead.

	“Huh, whose orders are those? The one who can give orders to you guys–“

	“That’s just me, isn’t it?”

	“…!”

	Jinya looked up at the voice coming down from above, and before he knew it, there was a black-haired, red-eyed girl sitting on the “Towa” with her legs crossed.

	When did she sit down? Moreover, the way she appeared was unnecessarily elaborate, which was probably done on purpose.

	“Who are you, you’re not a beast, are you? What have you done to my men?”

	“Hmm, you still think you have the upper hand, don’t you? Well then, no.”

	Nea wagged her finger lightly, and one of the Kingsguard soldiers, who had his hand on the hilt of his sword behind Jinya, suddenly swung the sheathed sword at his head.

	Jinya, who had noticed it with his premonition, punched the soldier away, but his expression showed no room for error.

	The soldier who had attacked Jinya was seized by another soldier, but it was no longer possible to seize him as the other one struck at them with empty eyes.

	“What the hell? What’s going on?

	Jinya was in a state of confusion as he looked at his surroundings, which were quickly becoming divided.

	In contrast to the girl, Nea, who is watching the situation in a good mood, looks at Jinya pityingly.

	“Yes. Your prediction is really only that good, isn’t it? It’s only a borrowed power. So you can’t see the present or the future at all.”



	“Huh, you…!”

	“I believed in you, didn’t I? I believed that this future would come to me.”

	I use the shoulder of the researcher who removed all my restraints as a springboard to get on top of ‘Towa’. For a moment, I meet Nea’s gaze, but she urges me onward with an uncharacteristically kind smile.

	Jinya tries to stop her, but the Kingsguard soldiers controlled by Nea hold him back.

	Without even looking at it, I jumped off the top of ‘Towa’ as hard as I could. I jumped down so defenselessly that I didn’t think about the future, but there was no fear in me anymore.

	Because I had already seen it.

	I knew he was coming.

	“What, Amako? Why are you jumping down?”

	When I looked at the destination of the voice, I saw Usato holding a beastman soldier with white eyes in each hand. The soldiers were lying around, also with white eyes, and the scene could best be described as disastrous.

	I opened my arms, feeling a bit spoilt, and he put the soldier down and ran to me at full speed ——- and jumped as wide as he could.

	“———Ah…”

	I’m speechless.

	There are so many things I want to say.

	But I can’t. If I said them, I would probably cry.

	In such a situation, crying without any outward appearance would annoy Usato.

	But if it’s just one word…, it’s okay.

	I whispered to Usato, who embraced me with a strong hug, my voice trembling with the words I had just thought from the bottom of my heart.

	“Usato.”

	“Hmm?”

	“Thank you for being with me.”

	The words were inappropriate for the occasion.

	But even so, Usato smiled at me like he always does.

	He wasn’t a demon or a monster, and he had a bright smile that suited his age.

	I was too embarrassed to say the next few words, but I’m sure I’ll say them someday.

	I’m sure I’ll be able to say it out loud someday, “Stay with me.”





Chapter 137

	Usato catches me as I jump from ‘Towa’.

	I was just relieved to know that Usato had saved my life. However, as soon as Usato landed on the ground, he jumped to the side to avoid me.

	In the next instant, a single-edged sword slammed into the spot where he had been, sending a large cloud of dust into the air.

	“Amako, hold on to me,…!”

	“I’m already holding on.”

	Seeing me clinging to him with my hands around his neck, Usato, who had his right arm free with the basketry deployed, flicked his fist at the tip of the sword sticking out of the dust cloud.

	A sharp slash across the neck followed, but Ustao instantly burst the magic from his gauntlet and retreated with the momentum.

	“He ran away!? No, not yet!”

	“It’s coming!”

	Jinya, who had been struck by surprise, swung his sword at Usato with a small movement that did not fit his large body. It’s an attack that uses precognitive magic to anticipate Usato’s movements, but I’m in his arms now.

	I anticipate the attack with a precognition that surpasses Jinya’s movement and passes it on to Usato.

	“Cut up from the lower left, kick the sand, blind him, and you’ll be fine to counterattack…”

	“Oops!”

	“Extra maneuver…!”

	At my words, Usato unleashes a fist laced with healing magic without the slightest doubt.

	His fist was blocked by Jinya’s defensive arm, but he slid backwards across the ground. Finally, taking a breath, Usato lowered me to the ground and turned his attention to Jinya.

	“It really came out of nowhere, didn’t it? From the fact that you attacked without even pretending, it looks like you don’t like the situation you’re in.”

	“…Why are you here! You should have just run away quietly!”

	“Because we have our reasons for not doing so.”

	Usato replied, glancing behind Jinya and frowning.

	Behind Jinya, a kinsman soldier was lying bleeding. He was trying to seize… Jinya, one of the Kingsguard soldiers manipulated by Nea, but was probably cut down by his sword.

	When Usato saw this, he created a healing magic bullet and threw it at the fallen soldier. The healing bullets that hit the fallen soldier spread throughout his body, and his face, which had been contorted in pain, became calm.

	Jinya had been silently watching Usato’s action, paying the slightest bit of blood on the sword in his hand.

	“That’s very kind of you. It makes me want to puke.”

	“…He’s one of yours. You could have knocked him out without hurting him.”

	“I don’t need a limpet controlled by the enemy. I don’t care how I treat my people, I don’t need you, a stranger, to tell me what to do.”

	“…”

	Usato’s eyes turned more and more swarthy.

	…Jinya’s behavior was the one thing Usato seemed to hate the most, so it was understandable that he was angry.

	Jinya held up his own weapon, completely oblivious to Usato’s mood.

	“Jinya!”

	Just as Usato was about to raise his fist in silence as well, Hayate was dressed in armor and came out from the chaotic surroundings. Behind him, Arc-san was using his sheathed sword to hold off a soldier who was about to attack Hayate.

	“So it’s you this time, Hayate.”

	After regaining his breath, Hayate opened his mouth, wiping away the sweat.

	“Jinya, give up now. Your plan has been crushed.”

	With my rescue, Jinya’s plan has been foiled.

	In the first place, it was almost as if it had been decided that it would end in failure when Nea took control of the researchers who were the key to the plan.

	However, Jinya’s answer to Hayate’s words was cold to the core.

	“I refuse.”

	“You look at this and don’t think anything of it!!!”

	Hayate indicated behind him with his arm, and there was a scene of his men and the soldiers here fighting. However, there was no such thing as anger on the faces of the soldiers, just feelings of sadness and hesitation.

	A senseless conflict with their own kind.

	And depending on the outcome of the conflict, it would determine their fate to form an alliance with the demon tribe to fight against the humans. For the beastmen who had been living peacefully in the depths of the forest, this would not be a good thing.

	“This is a battle that I’ve caused! Still, I have to say it! Jinya, everyone here doesn’t want you to fight! So if only… you would give up on fighting,…”

	“That’s a stupid question. I’m here to accomplish what I’m meant to do.”

	“Why is that,…? What drives you to fight so hard…?”

	“I’ll ask you the opposite. Why do you persevere?”

	Jinya tilted his head with a blank expression, a complete change from Hayate’s raised voice. Hayate’s reaction was too much for him, and he was immensely disappointed.

	“Humans have been oppressing my species. For a long, long time, that is, for a long time now, beastmen were treated like livestock to humans. Nowadays, the slave trade in beasts is rampant, and people are stoned just for being a beast. How can you put up with… such treatment?”

	“It’s true that there are beastmen who are treated badly by humans… But that’s no reason to take away the lives of Kanoko and Amako. Do you understand what you’re saying? What you’re doing is the same as what the people you’re looking down on are doing.”

	Jinya replied to Hayate’s point after a few seconds of silence.

	“Precognition magic is a magic that should be used in battle. Have the successive generations of ‘Time Chanters’ done anything significant so far? No, they haven’t. That’s why we should end the useless ‘Time Chanters’ and use it in a more meaningful way.”

	“…Ahh, I finally got it.”

	It’s true that the time chanters haven’t achieved much. But that’s because we’ve been living in peace without any major disasters befalling the beastman race.

	Forgetting that, and trying to twist the way things are, is not right in any way.

	Hayate held his eyes as he stood dazed.

	“I finally understand why you’re so obsessed with precognitive magic, and why you’re so adamant about fighting. You… just want to use precognitive magic and wield its power. You think it’s the right thing to do, and you’ve given a good reason for it. That’s why the conversation between you and me is so, so distant.”

	“…”

	“Jinya, I’ve been talking about the people all along. But you, from the beginning, have only talked about fighting. Are the people you’re supposed to protect nothing but tools to you?”

	At Hayate’s words, Jinya remained silent.

	Taking this as an affirmation, Hayate looked up and strained his voice in quiet indignation.

	“Jinya, you’re just a kid showing off a toy you stole from people called precognitive magic. You brought everyone around you into it just to show it off. Do you have any idea how selfish and stupid that is?”

	“Are you finished with what you’re saying?”

	“…Oh, I’m all done. I can no longer call you my friend.”

	Just because someone is in a superior position doesn’t mean they can do whatever they want.

	But even that word doesn’t work with this person anymore. He’s convinced that he’s right, and he doesn’t realize how selfish his actions are.

	I’m sure that Hayate’s words haven’t reached him in the slightest.

	“It’s not over yet. If we can cut down all the traitors and return Amako to ‘Towa’, that will be all.”

	“…Do you think I’d let you do that?”

	“I’ll kill you. I’ll stop you myself.”

	As Jinya showed his willingness to fight no matter what, Hayate looked down sadly and then put his hand on Usato’s shoulder.

	“Usato, I’m sorry. This was my last chance to stop Jinya, but I couldn’t stop… him.”

	“It’s okay. It’s more that he’s going to fight to kill me. So please stay back so you don’t get caught up in it.”

	“I’m really sorry. Amako, let’s move you to a safer place too.”

	Hayate-san says to me, but I shake my head.

	I’m sure this country is in chaos right now, and there’s no way I’ll be able to find a safe place anytime soon. I already knew the safest place for me.

	“I’m with Usato. It’s the safest place for me.”

	“…I see. Okay, then. Usato, I’m going to go subdue the soldiers, and you’re going to beat the crap out of that know-nothing. I was his best friend, so I’m asking you… to do me a favour.”

	“Yes, I’ll do that.”

	After seeing Usato nodding his head, Hayate left.

	The only ones left are Nea, who controls the people she made into her servants on the ‘Towa’, me, Usato, and Jinya, who has his sword at the ready.

	“Amako, are you sure? Stay close to me.”

	“It’s okay. I believe that Usato will never lose.”

	“Haha, I see. Well then, I can’t lose now.”

	After exchanging some light words, I move behind Usato.

	Glaring at Usato, Jinya is even sharper and more intimidating than before.

	“I will kill you and complete the ‘Towa’. With the strongest unit that will be completed at the end of it, I will sanction all humans.”

	“Then I’ll stop you as a rescue squad.”

	Jinya reacted a little surprised at the word rescue squad that came out of Usato’s mouth.

	“…Rescue squad? Well, there was something stuck in my mind when I heard that you were a healing magician from the Kingdom of Lingle… Oh right, you’re one of that country’s group of weirdos. It’s a real hardship for you to come to this place.”

	“…a group of weirdos… Yeah, we are a group of weirdos, indeed.”

	With the sober and depressed Usato at his back, Jinya released his stance and smiled lightly.

	What the? I paled at the thought of what was about to happen, as I made a deep prediction.

	I’m going to be in a lot of trouble.

	I have to stop him before he does something stupid.

	“Usato, don’t listen to him!”

	“Huh?”

	“There were heroes in the Lingle Kingdom, weren’t there? Two brave heroes who are reputed to be quite strong, too.”

	“!”

	Usato’s eyes widened at Jinya’s mention of Suzune and Kazuki.

	Thinking that he’s been caught, I try to stop him, but Jinya continues to speak as if I can’t interrupt him.

	“Hero” is a word that means a lot to us beastmen. After being persecuted by people and forced to fight against the demon race, the hero saved the beastman race. Such a hero has now become a decorative title for the humans.”

	Jinya cowered in sadness as he said this.

	Usato’s expression intensified at the move that seemed to strike a nerve in people.

	“Is this what you mean when you say you’re sick of it? You guys forget about your own deeds and turn your hands to worship the heroes. I don’t understand how ugly, stupid, and irredeemable that is.”

	“…Now that would be different.”

	“No, it won’t be different. It’s always the same. Power beyond the imagination of man is only fear to the ordinary man. Envy turns to fear, and fear turns to exclusion. It is human to make the same mistakes over and over again.”

	Jinya’s words were not wrong in this regard.

	The tragedy that happened to the previous generation of heroes was exactly the same.

	However, what he said from now on was not good.

	“Those who pretend to be a hero are only fools who don’t know what they’re doing. What kind of a hero are you when you are not even close to being ready or strong enough?”

	A creaking sound came from Usato’s right hand.

	In his mind, the image of the ice-manipulating hero who fought with him in Mia Rak must have flashed through his mind.

	Usato was quietly angered by the way he was talking to him, as if he was disgracing him who had suffered and struggled and finally found the path he should take.

	“The kingdom of Lingle, which is being invaded by the Demon King’s army, and the two heroes who belong to it. I’m sure they are very important to you, aren’t they?”

	“…!”

	Jinya let out a faint smile at Usato’s upset reaction.

	Convinced of something, he said the decisive words in a tone that was almost pretentious.

	“When we attack the Lingle Kingdom with the Demon King’s army, the first thing we’ll do is decided.”

	No.

	That’s not good.

	Don’t say anything else.

	Jinya’s words and actions were so outrageous that I panicked and tried to look at Usato —— but it was too late.

	“To kill two people who pretend on the name of a hero in a bloodbath and kill them cruelly—–“

	Usato was already gone when he turned to look. Instead, a dull sound and an inarticulate scream echoed from ahead.

	I looked forward fearfully, and what jumped into my vision was the sight of Usato with his fist twisted in Jinya’s stomach, carelessly crushing the sword he was holding.





* * *



	It was the first time he had ever seen such a thing.

	He saw the prediction and knew immediately that it was a ploy to get Usato angry, to take away his calm and make his movements monotonous.

	Probably even a soldier belonging to the Lingle Kingdom would be furious if he was humiliated by Suzune and Kazuki.

	But the miscalculation for Jinya was that the two heroes are Usato’s best friends.

	“Gah, gah…”

	Even with his eyes wide open and a blue streak standing out on his forehead, Usato grabbed Jinya’s collar in the form of an expressionless face, and it was obvious that he was angrier than I had ever seen him.

	Even so, he was still using his healing magic, which was probably his innate kindness, but Jinya was not happy about it. At any rate, his own endurance was too strong for him to remain conscious.

	“This, this, monster!”



	“…huh?”

	Jinya tried to cut Usato down with the dagger he pulled out of his pocket.

	He lets out an exasperated sigh and lightly brushes the dagger away with his hand. Kicking the dagger far away from Jinya’s hand as it fell to the ground, Usato gives Jinya a cold stare.

	“M-My prediction is…”

	“If you foresee where to avoid and attack, it won’t be hard to respond if I keep reacting to it.”

	No, I don’t think that’s right.

	I mean, as soon as Jinya reads where Usato is going to avoid and attacks, Usato immediately responds to Jinya’s movements. The funny thing is that this is repeated dozens of times in a moment, and in the end, Usato is winning.

	Usato, who had easily subdued Jinya, who was two times larger than him, ignored Jinya’s attempts to lash out and was lost in thought alone.

	“I can endure this because I have a bit of precognition. Is this the only way to stun him completely?”

	Despite his tone of calmness, there was no mercy in it.

	Grasping Jinya’s collar once more tightly, Usato threw him diagonally upwards as far as he could. Of course, Jinya wasn’t stunned by that, but rather he was trying to position himself for a good landing.

	However, the attack that Usato made after staring at Jinya was something that even I, who had seen it in my premonitions, did not understand.

	Looking up at the falling Jinya, Usato put magic power into his entire right arm, which was wrapped in his gauntlet, and pulled it down to his waist. But the distance between him and Jinya was more than ten meters, and there was no way he could hit her with his fist from that distance.

	However, he still fired his fist.

	“If you’re in the air, what does precognition matter?”

	At the moment Usato thrust out his fist, Jinya’s body in the air was blown away with the sound of the wind exploding.

	“…eh?”

	“Wha, gaaaaaaaah!”

	Jinya fell to the ground and rolled around two or three times.

	His abdomen was clearly marked with fist marks, from which the light of healing magic spread like smoke. I couldn’t help but let out a dumbfounded voice, but even seeing it in reality, I couldn’t understand what had happened.

	“…I see, so I should use it in this way with less power? I can’t just walk up to someone and hit them with this healing punch… Let’s name the healing cannon… flying fist… healing flying fist.”

	“Uh, Usato?”

	I called out to him fearfully, and Usato turned to me as usual.

	However, he immediately fell into a depression, holding his forehead in self-loathing.

	“Haaaa…”

	“A-are you okay?”

	“No, I’m not hurt. But it made me realize how immature I am for falling for such a cheap provocation. I can’t believe that I was so bloodthirsty that I couldn’t make a calm decision after being told about Inugami senpai and Kazuki… Even though the first blow brought me back to my senses, I hurt Jinya-san unnecessarily.”

	It wasn’t my fault that I doubted the fact that he had come to his senses after the first blow.

	Because his face looked like he was in full rage the whole time.

	“Is Jinya, alright?”

	“…Even though the attack looks like it was blown up badly, it’s a failure after enhancing my strength, so the healing power is higher than normal healing magic. There’s nothing to worry about.”

	“Yeah. I know that Usato is crazy.”

	“Huh?”

	But as it turned out, Jinya ended up blowing himself up.

	As a matter of fact, the steps Jinya tried to take were among the worst, so there was no need to force him to stop. It was only a matter of time before he got what he deserved.

	“…,W-What was that? What the hell was that??”

	As if to represent my feelings, Nea, who had jumped down from ‘Towa’, crowded Usato.

	“Did you just send something flying from a place where your fist obviously couldn’t reach? And it was so powerful that Jinya’s body was blown away!”

	“This is the [Healing Punch First Form, Flying Fist]. Also known as [Healing Flying Fist]. Nea, this is a new technique, the flying healing punch.”

	“You’re out of your mind! Why is it that whenever I take my eyes off Usato, he makes some strange moves? I mean, does the first form have a second and a third?”

	“Well I did think of the rest and sealed it up right away, though. It was too dangerous.”

	“Scary!”

	Nea’s face turns pale.

	I feel the same way, but at this point I can say that it’s Usato, so it can’t be helped.

	So I’ve given up on this part of the story. I can’t keep up my end of the bargain.

	When I looked around me, I saw that the soldiers around me who were fighting had also stopped moving, because Jinya, who was the powerhouse of the country and a powerful man, had been beaten down so easily.

	Some of them dropped their weapons in relief, which reminded me that it wasn’t fighting for the best after all.

	“Nea, what about the people you manipulated?”

	“I put them all to sleep. Of course, I had to carry the people I knocked out.”

	Looking at the edge of the plaza, I saw the unconscious guards and researchers lying on the ground.

	Except for the kingsmen that… Jinya had cut, there were no significant injuries.

	As I was inwardly relieved, I saw Arc-san, Bluerin and Hayate coming running from the direction of the entrance to the square.

	They must have heard that Jinya had collapsed and came to see me.

	Waving to them, I spoke to Usato.

	“I’m really glad that Usato saved me.”

	“That’s right, of course I’d help you. Because my precious friends were being held captive.”

	“No, it’s not like that.”

	“?”

	Usato tilted his head, and I chuckled as I recalled my memories from a few months ago.

	First, a savior who would change my future of despair.

	Next, a kind person who would listen to my requests.

	Next to that, someone who makes me feel at ease when I’m with him.

	“The first day we met, I never thought I would feel this way, but… I’ve really enjoyed traveling with Usato so far.”

	It was hard, and there were many inconveniences.

	But it was more fun than that.

	I, who had only known traveling alone, gained the joy of doing something with someone else. It became an invaluable treasure.

	“That’s why I… will continue to…”

	I try to say the rest of the words, but I can’t get them right.

	Just when I managed to muster up the courage to speak out —— my words were interrupted by a sudden shower of flames that seemed to block us and Arc-san and the others.

	“Aah!”

	“F-flames!”

	Flames that burned like a wall. It surrounded the entire square like a flowing stream.

	At the end of the flickering flames were Arc-san and the others, who had the same astonished expressions on their faces as Nea and I. Immediately, I tried to ask Usato to make a decision, and at that moment when I looked at his face, I realized that Usato was not looking at the flames, but at something else.

	“Usato…?”

	“Yeah, I had a hunch on the inside. That I’d be seeing you again.”

	“That’s odd. I was thinking the same thing. The truth is, there was no way we were going to intervene.”

	“Huh!”

	Out of the corner of Usato’s eye, the man was right near the unconscious Jinya.

	A man of the demon race, dressed in black. The guy naturally exchanged glances with Usato.

	“Is this your doing?”

	“No, it’s my man. Well, he’s stretched out here, and I had some business with you, so I asked him to buy me a little time.”

	The man said, pointing at Jinya and Usato.

	Usato looks sideways at the wall of flames.

	These are not ordinary flames. It’s a flame made of magic, and it’s also filled with a lot of magic power.

	“Do you want something from me?”

	“No, first of all, you need to introduce yourself for the second time, right? There’s no point in pretending to be something you’re not.”

	“…”

	The man clapped his hands with a smile that was too vulnerable in the tense situation, and pointed to himself as if he was greeting a friend, as Usato narrowed his eyes in silence.

	“Nice to meet you again, healing magician. I am Koga Dingal, Commander of the Demon King’s Army II. Now, tell me your name, will you?”

	At that moment, more than the word “commander”, the content of the prediction passed through my mind.

	It did not match the person in front of me from his appearance. But when I saw him in person, I was convinced that this man was the one Usato had been fighting.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	This fight with Jinya itself is more like a prelude.

	So Jinya couldn’t fight properly and until the end, he had to drop out without getting his way.

	By the way, if he hadn’t stirred things up so badly, he could have shown off the Kannagi style of swordsmanship.

	A supplementary explanation of how Usato broke the precognition magic.

	Jinya uses precognition to predict where to evade → Usato immediately responds → predicts where to evade next → immediately responds → predicts → responds

	This is repeated over and over in an instant, and in the end, Usato wins.

	Isn’t that strange? I think so, too.





Chapter 138

	Amako was rescued and Jinya-san was stopped.

	Just when everyone thought that all the commotion had come to an end, the square we were in was isolated by a wall of flames. At the same time, a man of the demon race appeared.

	He called himself Koga Dingal.

	I knew he was a strong man, but I didn’t expect him to be the commander of the Demon King’s Second Army.

	As I recall, the information the second and third legion leaders provided when Ferme was in jail said that the third legion leader was a swordsman who used fire magic, while the second legion leader used the same dark magic as her.

	…I shouldn’t provoke them.

	If a dark magic user were to run amok in a place like this, it would cause a lot of damage.

	I don’t want to fight in the first place, either.

	“Lingle Kingdom of the Rescue Squad. Usato Ken.”

	At any rate, now that you’ve said your name, I’ll say mine.

	Perhaps he didn’t expect to be addressed honestly, Koga rolled his eyes in surprise.

	“Oh, I was aware that you were quite hostile to me… Oh right, your name is Usato. What a distinctive name.”

	That’s right, people from here would probably think my name is strange.

	In fact, even in my original world, the name Usato was rare.

	I quickly changed my mind and asked Koga.

	“Why are you doing this? Don’t tell me you’ve just come to Jinya-san’s aid?”

	“No, not at all. I have two purposes. The first purpose is…”

	As soon as he said that, Koga crouched down and slapped the unconscious Jinya-san on the cheek to wake him up.

	I’m not sure if the less powerful healing fist was enough, but Jinya quickly regained consciousness. As soon as he grasped the people around him and the situation he was in, he immediately looked up at Koga and asked for help.

	“Koga-dono, I would like to ask for your help. With your help, we can restore our plans.”

	“You mean the strongest soldier with precognitive magic?? Well, that certainly sounds appealing to us.”

	“Then…”

	“But no.”

	Jinya-san let out an exasperated sigh.

	He looked at Koga, who cowered in surprise.

	“What do you mean, no?”

	“Just as you said. We, the Demon King’s Army, will cut off our hands from you, the Beastmen Nation.”

	“You’re the one who negotiated with us in the first place! And now you’re telling me—–“

	“Sorry to deceive you, but we didn’t come here to negotiate. We’re here to see if you’re worthy of being “fang”.”

	”Fangs”? I’m sure it’s not a physical thing, but what the heck does Koga mean by “fangs”?

	While I was wondering this, and Jinya-san looked dumbfounded, Koga looked around widely and finally opened his mouth.

	“This is a nice country.”

	“What about…?”

	“It’s rich in nature, there’s plenty of food, and the sun is out for a long time. Everything is so different from our country. The best thing is that I was able to take a good amount of time off work. It was the right decision to come here.”

	“What are you talking about?”

	All of a sudden, I was confused about what he thought about living in the land of beasts.

	I wondered what he was trying to say.

	Jinya-san’s words made Koga serious.

	“Everyone here is a beast with fangs missing… No, maybe they never had fangs to begin with. After living here with you until today, and seeing the fights that took place today, I have finally determined who you are. I’ve finally come to the conclusion that these people are useless in a fight.”

	After saying that much, Koga waved his hand to the side in a huff.

	“It’s not that I’m looking down on the beastman race. The reason we can’t fight them is because they understand peace, and are living in it right now. Unlike us, there is no reason for them to invade other countries. So, if it comes to a fight, the beastman race, which has no reason to fight, is useless.”

	…A plausible reason, perhaps.

	According to Hayate-san’s story, the beastman tribe has tried to cut off relations with humans and lead a peaceful life in the forest. It was unthinkable that they would voluntarily take up arms to retaliate against humans.

	I myself was touched by the kindness of the beasts in the hidden village, and I know they are not the kind of people who like to fight.

	“The rest is… right. Soldiers with precognitive magic. That one’s no good either.”

	“Whaa!”

	“Yeah, that’s something that most people will grow out of. Too much useful power makes them weak. Besides, even if you can see the future, what good is it if you can’t handle it? I’m sure you’ve experienced that firsthand.”

	Jinya-san couldn’t argue with Koga’s point, and could only grit his teeth.

	However, he was still not convinced and glared at Koga.

	“But even if that’s the case, we have our own reasons to fight…!”

	“You mean your hatred for humans? You think we’re only fighting because of our hatred for humans? I don’t think so… No, wait… Sorry, there was at least 30%.”

	I’m not sure if there is.

	I can’t help but pout inwardly, but for me as a human, it’s not at all funny to hear that they hate me.

	“But, you know, the other 70% is for survival.”

	“…”

	“Well, I’m not convinced you’re on the Lingle Kingdom side. But you don’t have to be convinced. For your country, our actions to invade are unreasonable.”

	The Demon Lord’s army is also invading for a reason.

	You don’t have to think about it to know that they wouldn’t commit an act of aggression without a reason.

	But I tried not to think about it too much.

	“That’s why I don’t need your help. I’m not going to help you.”

	“Don’t fu—–“

	“Out you go.”

	Koga slammed his fist into the pigeon tail of the enraged Jinya-san.

	After looking down at the white-eyed, crumpled Jinya-san with pitying eyes, Koga threw him straight to the far side of the square, then turned his gaze to us.

	“To be honest, I didn’t like that guy’s methods in any way. No, the means themselves aren’t cowardly or anything, but… it’s too much, and he underestimated the people he should be most wary of.”

	“…”

	“In the first place, when the first prediction failed, he should have eliminated you instead of locking you up. But he didn’t do that because he stubbornly refused to acknowledge your strength, your human strength.”

	Indeed, Jinya-san had looked down on us from beginning to end.

	With a vulnerable human being.

	That we were easy to kill.

	Even the success of the mission was due to Jinya-san’s disregard for us.

	“It’s true that humans are physically weak beings. But we’ve been defeated by such humans in the distant past, and twice now. No matter how much we are superior in physical ability, there is something about humans that overrides that.”

	That’s what Koga said as he looked at me.

	We exchanged glances and a silence fell over the place.

	I was then horrified to see that Koga had not uttered a single word, and he suddenly lost his expression as he clapped his hands once to switch the scene.

	“Well, so now the beastman race doesn’t have to participate in the war.”

	“…Saying like it’s something easier said than done. Are you okay with that?”

	“That’s the Demon Lord’s order, you know. Something along the lines of, if they can’t bear their fangs, throw them away.”

	The Demon King.

	I’ve never even seen the king of the demon race.

	I finally recognized the existence of the Demon King as a certainty thanks to Falga-sama’s story, but I still didn’t have a very real sense of him as my greatest enemy.

	“Well, now that the first business is done. Let’s get down to business, shall we?”

	With those words, I came back to myself and turned my attention to Koga.

	I had a bad feeling about this.

	Specifically, because he’s stretching and stretching his arms and legs.

	“I told you earlier, didn’t I? That I was never originally supposed to come out here right now.”

	“…Yeah.”

	“To be honest, the words I said to Jinya earlier were supposed to be told in secret. That’s why I didn’t have to cut it out at this point, and I didn’t have to do anything that would send him to the bottom.”

	If he hadn’t planned to come out at this point, why did he come out?

	I’m thinly aware of that too, but I don’t want it to hit me.

	“To put it simply, I’ve got a reason to do it. You already know that, don’t you? The reason I came to you.”

	“…Huh, so it is me.”

	Koga nodded with a smile.

	I had a bad feeling from the moment he said he was interested in me, but I didn’t think it would come to this.

	“I’ve been watching you fight. I heard that Rose was an insane person to the Demon King’s army, and you, his disciple, was the same. I’ve been watching you fight. And even so, no one has ever been killed. And to top it all off, the battle with Jinya.”

	He pointed to Jinya-san who was passed out behind him.

	Did he see me fighting somewhere? I had a suspicion that he might be around somewhere, so my flashy move might have been a bit of a bypass.

	“He was never weak. If he hadn’t done a poor job of pissing you off, the game would have lasted a little longer, but… you ended it so dismally.”

	“…”

	“I saw that, and I wanted to fight you. There’s no better reason than that. But for me, that’s enough—-!”

	That’s when the tension began to rise, and Koga, his black robe fluttering as he took up his stance with a bang, gave me a belligerent smile.

	“Come on, let’s fight, Usato, the healing magician! That’s what I’m here for!”

	“Ah no, I don’t want to fight…”

	“…”

	“…”

	Silence took over the scene.

	I’m sorry to say that I’m in a groove, but I have absolutely no intention of fighting Koga.

	I don’t want to fight such a dangerous guy in general.

	In fact, I don’t think I’ve ever fought anyone I didn’t like.

	Without saying a word, Koga released his stance and scratched his head. The look on his face was not one of anger, but of conviction.

	“…No, you’re right. That’s normal. I would have said the same thing if I had been challenged like this.”

	…He agreed with me.

	I really don’t understand this guy. I thought he was some kind of battle junkie, but he showed me a different side. I’m not sure how to talk to him.

	He crossed his arms thoughtfully, oblivious to the fact that Nea and Amako were looking at him as if they were looking at someone strange.

	“But I want to fight you…, then I guess I’ll have to do some dirty work to get your approval.”

	“You know I have no intention of fighting you, right?”

	“Hmm, I guess I’ll need a souvenir to take home from my trip.”

	“Oi, listen to me——“

	As soon as I said that, my body was already in motion.

	When Koga held out his hand, something black flew towards Amako.

	It flew straight at Amako and I flicked it away with the gauntlet. It was like hitting iron against iron, and it returned to the hem of Koga koga’s outfit.

	Shadows manipulated by dark magic, as Ferme used to do?

	I quickly looked at Amako, but she seemed to be amused by the unexpectedness of the situation, which was so out of context.

	“For example, that precognitive girl over there. And that vampire? She doesn’t seem to be a regular vampire either, based on her senses… Oh, I suppose I could take you to the Demon Lord. I’m sure you’ll get all sorts of interesting responses.”

	“…You.”

	“I’ll give you one piece of advice. Don’t think I’m a man who understands. I’ve got a terrible personality, if I do say so myself.”

	What am I going to do? The fight might be more inevitable than I thought.

	Should we take Amako and Nea and try to escape?

	“There’s no point in trying to escape, okay? The one who built this wall of flames belongs to my man… who was in charge of the Third Legion. You may be fine, but that girl won’t be safe.”

	“What, the Third Legion Commander?

	If I can’t find anyone who looks like that on the inside, then the person who built the wall is most likely outside the wall. Well then, Arc-san, Bluerin and Hayate-san and the rest of the team will be at…!

	“Nea!”

	“You’re going to fight that guy right…!”

	“No, you’re going to go with Arc-san and Bluerin.”

	“Huh? But then how about you…”

	“It’s hard for me to fight against that guy this time while protecting you.”

	“——-Tsk, right. I understand. Don’t you dare die on me!”

	“Yeah, I’ll try my best.”

	I said this with a glance at Koga, and Nea, sensing the situation, transformed into an owl and soared high into the sky and over the wall.

	“Amako, I’m sorry. You need to stay back again.”

	“Yeah. But that guy, I don’t think he’s really going to kidnap you.”

	“…I know.”

	But I can’t say that he won’t. As long as that possibility existed, my option to not fight was gone.

	Maybe Koga knew that and said it… Yeah, you’re right, he has the worst personality.

	I let Amako fall back and turn to face Koga again, and take a deep breath. Just as I was about to turn my attention to the man in front of me, I caught sight of Koga about to unleash a jumping kick.

	“Wha–!”

	“Here we go!!”

	The stinging kick hit my left shoulder, and I frowned at the dull pain — but I quickly twisted my body to escape the impact, and at the same time, I slammed a healing punch into Koga’s stomach and punched him away.

	“—gghhhh!”

	“Oggoo!”

	Koga was knocked to the ground and collapsed in a heap.

	I was impatient and a little scared as I healed my shoulder with healing magic. It’s true that I was caught in an opening. But instead of avoiding it, I could only channel the attack.

	If I had reacted just a little bit later, my bones might have been crushed. This fact convinced me that the title of Second Legion Commander was not a lie.

	“Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! Hahahahahaha!!!”

	“…”

	Of course, I don’t even think I could have beaten him with that.

	Lying on the floor in a big heap, Koga laughed a crazy high-pitched laugh, and I steeled myself more than ever.

	This guy is dangerous. It’s not like he’s a battle junkie or anything, but he has a way of fighting that doesn’t bring any rules to the game.

	“Yes, that’s it. This is how a fight should be. I’m glad I believed in you. From the bottom of my heart, I really do.”

	After muttering that, Koga got up with an indifferent face.

	At the spot where my fist had struck, multiple layers of what looked like black bands wriggled eerily. Koga’s black clothes and the shadows beneath his feet distort as he smiles uncontrollably in response.

	“Sorry for catching you off guard, I couldn’t resist either. Well, I wasn’t expecting you to get hit like that, so what’s the harm?”

	“That’s not good at all. My heart can’t take it.”

	“Ha, don’t lie to me. Let’s do it right this time.”

	With his words, the shadows and clothes wrapped around Koga’s body as a belt.

	The same dark magic as Ferme. A dangerous one that only the demon race can handle, which makes the user wear a dark robe. The sash that covered his head was transformed into a mask reminiscent of a hawk, and his body into something too biological and black to be armor.

	Koga, clad in a magic so bizarre that it seemed to be different from Ferme’s dark magic, shouted to me with a raised voice.

	“Come on, let’s get started! Let’s have a real battle!”

	The fight was even more deadly than Karon-san’s.

	Facing Koga in his black mask and biological armor, I tightened my fists with determination.





* * *



	Usato-dono succeeded in stunting Jinya and retrieving Amako.

	The situation had come to a head, and we had finished subduing the soldiers who had lost their will to fight, so we were about to head for him when a wall of fire from the sky blocked our way.

	Hayate-dono’s subordinates hit it with magic, but the wall of flames did not falter.

	The wall of flames was created with dense magic power.

	In response, I put magic power into my hands and raised my voice.

	“My flames should be able to break through. Hayate-san, I’ll create the entrance!”

	“Arc…? Yeah, got it!”

	After calling out to Hayate-san, I put magic power into the sword I pulled out of its sheath. When the sword was red hot and emitted sparks, I swung it wide and caught my breath.

	The flaming sword can easily melt even iron.

	With this, I should be able to cut into the wall of flames…!

	“Hah…!”

	I swung it down with great force.

	However, just as the sword swung at the wall of flames, someone appeared as if falling from the sky and interrupted in front of me, catching the flaming sword.

	“I didn’t expect someone to be able to cut through this.”

	“What?

	The person who intervened was a demon woman with red hair that touched her shoulders and twisted horns. She also has flames on her sword and is catching my sword.

	“You stopped it! Ggh!”

	My sword is flicked back with force and I’m forced to retreat.

	I hold my sword without letting my guard down, but the woman in front of me keeps her grip on the sword and doesn’t want to take a stance.

	She is a red-haired demoness. She was one of the demons who visited Usato-dono when he was locked in the prison. Probably the one who created this wall of flame.

	“So you’re a knight of the Lingle Kingdom. You’re well-trained.”

	“Sorry but I’ll have to go through there!”

	“I can’t let you do that.”

	I swung my sword, which was covered in flames, but it was also blocked by the flames on her sword, just like mine.

	I have the better control in power, but she’s even better at handling flames than I am!

	I decide that an unreasonable suicide attack would be dangerous and step back.

	“Oh, I found you, Arc! Wait, you’re already fighting!”

	Just then, Nea, the owl that flew over the wall of flames, spotted me and screamed.

	“Nea! What’s happening and how about Usato-dono?”

	“He’s inside fighting some guy called the Second Legion Commander. And this person is one as well! Isn’t that bad?”

	A legion?

	I knew she was no ordinary person, but I had no idea there were two legionary generals here…! If that’s the case, Usato-dono is fighting that guy inside!?

	Looking at the woman in frustration, she is somehow holding her forehead and letting out a big sigh.

	“That idiot, why must he drag me into this…? Hahaha, an idiot who opens his mouth without thinking about the consequences is really…! How can someone like that be the head of the army…?”

	…Apparently, there’s a lot going on over there.

	The woman looked up indignantly and thrust her sword into the ground, blocking our path.

	“I won’t let you go on from here. Even if it’s from my stupid, brainless, mindless boss, I’ll have to follow orders.”

	“What’s the purpose of…?”

	When I asked this, the woman crossed her arms in slight distress, but quickly opened her mouth, as if it didn’t matter.

	“To destroy the cooperative system with Hinomoto, the Land of Beasts.”

	“Abrogation? !”

	Hayate-dono’s astonished voice, his men were also upset by the suddenness of the situation.

	The woman continued to speak without changing her expression, as if she had nothing to say about it.

	“I will not explain it further. And the other purpose is the fight against the healing magician that my superior wanted.”

	“To fight Usato-dono…?”

	“Unfortunately, it seems I’ve fallen into her good graces. I had assumed that Rose’s disciples would be able to do something like that,…, so I was a bit surprised,…, but I was still able to keep my cool.”

	That man, the Second Legion Commander, had taken an interest in Usato-dono.

	Perhaps that was the reason why Usato-dono decided to fight?

	If so, then…

	“What are you going to do with Usato-dono?…!”

	“I don’t know if he’s going to let him live or kill him. The worst that can happen is that he might die.”

	“Then we can’t just stand here!”

	I wrapped my sword in flames and pointed the tip of it at the woman.

	The other party is an army commander. If I don’t do it right, I might die.

	I really wanted to run away… but I can never do that without a reason.

	“I’m sure you’re not a daredevil who doesn’t understand the difference between our abilities. If you stay there and stay quiet until the game is won, you can pick up their lives. If you can’t do that, you’ll just die.”

	“My friends are fighting! The person I swore to protect is fighting in there right now! There is no way I can abandon him in such a situation just to spare my own life!”

	“It might end up being meaningless, you know?”

	It might.

	I have faith that Usato-dono will not lose.

	If Usato wins against the Second Legion Commander, this battle itself will be in vain. You might think that I should have just waited for him to finish his game.

	But what if Usato-dono loses?

	He is a human being.

	There is no such thing as a person who will never die.

	No matter how strong he is, no matter how many attacks he can avoid, he is still a human being.

	“Even if it didn’t make sense, it’s not a reason not to confront him here! It’s got to be a lot better than not making a move here and regretting it!”

	“Guru…”

	Bluerin, lined up next to me, snarls to show his willingness to fight.

	As I’m about to set up my sword, feeling relieved that he’s fighting with me, Hayate-dono steps out from behind me.

	“…Yeah that’s right!”

	Hayate-san agreed with my words.

	Looking behind me, I saw that all of his men and Daitetsu-dono had their weapons at the ready.

	Seeing them, the woman tilted her head with a dubious expression.

	“Why are you guys taking up arms? What’s going on right now is a conflict between humans and demons, and should have nothing to do with you.”

	“It’s true, you’re right. But for us, Usato is a benefactor and a friend.”

	“Yeah. He’s the kind of guy who would compete with us for power. But more than that, he’s a rare person who can get along with us normally. If we leave him here to die, I’ll never be able to face my son.”

	Daitetsu-san agreed with Hayate’s words.

	The soldiers also agreed with him.

	[It was really scary to see him fighting, as if I was in a dream, but… they were even more reliable.]

	[When I was injured, he threw a magic bullet at me with a scary look on his face, but he healed my injuries… He’s a good guy.]

	[He was throwing people around like they were balls, but they only fainted… He was a kind man, though he had a bad way about him.]

	[His feet were so fast that I lost confidence in him as a wolf, but… Yeah, I’m really grateful to him for stopping Jinya-sama.]

	[I have a feeling that healing magician has a lot of mixed reviews…]

	The woman’s cheeks twitched at the beasts’ assessment of Usato-dono, and I chuckled, “It’s the same Usato-dono I’ve always known,” but then I saw the woman’s expression quickly change to a smile, and I composed myself.

	“Well, this is fun.”

	Instantly, flames shot out from the woman’s body.

	I hid my eyes from too much heat, and the next time I looked at the woman, I couldn’t believe my eyes.

	“I take back my previous statement. Very well, knights of the Kingdom of Lingle, and brave soldiers of the Beastman Tribe. In honor of your fighting spirit, I will do my best to fight.”

	She is covered in flames.

	It’s not magic power, but the flames itself that it created, which it carries like armor.

	“Assistant Commander of the Demon King’s Army II, Amira Belgret. It’s only a temporary position, but I’ll call myself that. And—-“

	She waved her sword, which was covered in flames, and held it wide.

	“This is the ultimate in magic that my master, Nero Argento, has created. Savour it with your own body.”

	The heat of the air washed over us.

	I’m not sure if it’s a warrior’s shiver or fear that I’m feeling, but I’m gripping my sword tightly once again.





Chapter 139

	Amira Berglet, Assistant Commander of the Second Legion.

	The magic she dealt with was, as she said, extraordinary.

	If you confronted her with a sword, the flames that drifted around her would attack you, and if you attacked with magic, the flames would turn around and go on the defensive, burning away the magic, and she had an overwhelming fighting ability that no one could come close to.

	“Hah!”

	And most astounding of all, her movements themselves had been enhanced.

	At first glance, it looked similar to the cold air generated by Karon-dono’s axe that we fought with in Miarak, but Amira’s was fundamentally different.

	If she jumped forward, the flames on her body would explode and accelerate her momentum, and if she swung her sword, the residue of the flames would scorch the surroundings black. The flames themselves have become a combination of assisting movement and defense.

	It is like the incarnation of fire.

	This is the ultimate form of magic, which is different from systemic strengthening, where the flame itself is clothed by magic.

	But even in the face of a far superior enemy, there was a reason why I could never back down.

	“Ku, ugh…!”

	I managed to stay on the defensive as I blocked and deflected the blow of the sword that was boosted by the flames with the flaming sword clutched in both hands.

	Don’t fight head-on.

	Don’t stop breathing even when it’s hot.
