	“Huh, no. You’re taking this too far in a bad way…”

	What I’m thinking is just my imagination.

	And yet, it’s not good to get a bad impression.

	“If possible, I want this to end without incident. But if that’s not possible, I’m thinking of saving Amako and her mother at least.”

	“…You’re still not thinking straight, but that’s fine for now. There’s a big difference between being prepared and not being prepared.”

	Nea was taken aback by my words, but she replied.

	She must have known that I had chosen my words carefully.

	The worst thing that could happen is that I might have to choose between Amako and her mother.

	I don’t want to imagine a situation where I would have to make that choice, and I don’t intend to put myself in that situation.

	“Well, I’ll abide by your decision in any situation, okay? I trust you enough to do so.”

	I was momentarily taken aback when Nea added that.

	Trust, huh? I chewed on that word and looked at Amako, who was walking in front of me.

	I trust the people I’ve traveled with so far. I’ve overcome hardships because I’ve trusted them so far.

	When I think about it, the obstacles that may be waiting for us now seem like nothing.





Chapter 127

	It’s been several hours since we left the hidden village.

	We were walking along a roadless path when we arrived in front of a forest lined with many large trees.

	The forest, with countless trees so large that they blocked even the sun’s rays, was generally dim and eerie.

	“This is the entrance.”

	“That’s an amazing forest…”

	I let out a sigh of admiration at Linka’s words.

	The forest I’d walked through so far had sunlight, but from here on out it was so dark that I had to readjust my eyes.

	Certainly, I wouldn’t normally think of stopping by a place like this.

	Rather, if I were to be asked to enter alone, I would have to be prepared for a beating at the hands of a potential enemy.

	Amako looked up at me, her face twitching naturally.

	“I know it’s creepy, but it’ll lighten up soon.”

	“It does?”

	“Yeah, it’s just the way it’s made.”

	Made, huh?

	Is there some kind of magic tool, or something similar?

	I’ve heard that beastmen have built a different culture than humans, so it’s possible.

	“Let’s move on. From what I can tell, if we enter from around here, we’ll reach the back gate.”

	I followed Linka into the forest.

	Relying only on the light coming from behind me, I walked forward, but it was difficult because I almost bumped into a tree or caught my foot on a root.

	If we continue here, we will reach the back entrance to the Land of Beasts.

	…Just in case, let’s take precautions.

	“Nea.”

	“What~?”

	“While we’re in Beastmen Country, you’ll remain an owl.”

	“…Yeah, okay.”

	“Thank you for being so understanding.”

	At times like this, I use my position as a master to my advantage.

	In addition to the fact that humanoid demons are extremely rare, they are rarely used as messengers, so I put Nea as an owl messenger in the beastmen’s country and keep her in reserve as a trump card in case of emergency.

	As I was walking in the dark, relying on Linka to walk in front of me, Amako grabbed the sleeve of my uniform.

	“Hmm?”

	“Because I don’t want to get dislodged.”

	It would certainly be troublesome if we strayed.

	But when we’re like this—–

	“You know, I feel like a father taking his child in. And Nea is the same oooo!”

	Shock to the calf and back of the head. It didn’t hurt, but the suddenness of it startled me.

	It seemed that Amako had kicked me in the leg and Nea had smacked me in the head with her wing.

	I don’t care if it’s Nea, but even Amako…

	“I’m not a child.”

	“Sorry, sorry.”

	I apologize to Amako, who lets out a huff of frustration.

	She may be childish, but her energy is as strong as that of an adult.

	“…Usato, there’s something I need to tell you right now.”

	“What is it out of the blue?”

	“I believe in you Usato, no matter what happens.”

	Don’t say the same thing as Nea.

	If you’re both talking about the same topic, is that it? Do they think I don’t trust them if they don’t tell it in words?

	“I trust Usato’s stupid, brainy, insensitive, good-natured, good and bad points all together, more than… Nea.”

	“Huawt!”

	A scream that I don’t know where it came from emanates from my shoulder.

	So she was listening to me talk to Nea… I guess I underestimated Amako’s ears a bit. But there was a part of me that didn’t want her to trust me.

	What’s that, trusting a brainiac? She said it so plainly that I almost flushed normally.

	“That’s all I wanted to say.”

	“I trust you too, you know. After all, we’re friends who’ve traveled together.”

	Of course, the same goes for Arc-san, Nea, and Bluerin.

	If any one of them had been missing, I wouldn’t be here —– I’ve traveled so far that I can say that.

	However, that journey will come to an end someday.

	After the last stop in the Land of the Beasts, we must return to the Kingdom of Ringle.

	…At that time, will Amako remain in the Land of Beasts, or will she return to the Kingdom of Ringle?…

	“What will you do after saving your mother…?”

	“…”

	A breathless response next to me.

	After a moment of silence, her voice, released as if squeezed out, was somewhat anxious.

	“If possible, I’d like to go to the Kingdom of Ringle with my mother. It’s too stifling for me to live here.”

	“…I’ll help you as much as I can if that’s what you want.”

	“Yeah…”

	Her hometown is suffocating her.

	It should be abnormal for such words to come out. That’s how difficult the situation surrounding Amako is, they won’t let her lead a normal life.

	“…Woah!?”

	As I walk with a thoughtful expression on my face, I trip over a tree root and almost fall down.

	Nea laughs at me, and Amako grabs the sleeve of my uniform to prevent me from getting separated.

	As we continued down the dark path, it finally brightened up in front of us.

	“Ugghh, so dazzling…”

	I was dazzled by the sudden light.

	When I got used to the light and looked at the brightened area in front of me again, I saw a huge wooden door and a stone wall that filled my vision.

	These were man-made structures that I had never seen in the forest I had walked through before.

	And a wall that was built to cover something.

	“Finally, we’re here”

	“…Amako?”

	Amako muttered heavily.

	She clutched the hem of my uniform and continued to squeeze out the words.

	“A country that was not even allowed to reveal its name to humans. Hinomoto, the land of the beasts… Here is where my mother is.”

	“…”

	Until now, I had thought that the Land of Beastmen did not have a name. Even the people in the castle called it the Land of Beasts, and of course Amako did too.

	However, the name revealed by Amako’s mouth was something that I…, myself, Inugami-senpai and Kazuki could not ignore.

	“Hinomoto… Hinomoto, Japan?”

	The sword, the name given to the beasts, and the name of the country Hinomoto.

	It would mean that the person summoned before senpai and Kazuki was Japanese, plus they had come to this world from a time when swords existed.

	No, it’s possible that they’re a modern person who knows a lot about that kind of thing, but I’m pretty sure they’re Japanese.

	“Hmm, Amako. We’re at the back gate, but there’s supposed to be a welcoming committee, right? I don’t see anyone there.”

	“Yeah.”

	Amako tilted her head at Linka, who wondered why there was a door, but no one around.

	Just then, the large door began to slowly open with a heavy thud.

	“…”

	Surprised by the sudden opening of the door, she moved in front of Amako and prepared herself.

	The door opened completely, and out of it came a man in his thirties with wolf ears, just like Linka. There were also two other beastly women with spears, glaring at me and Arc-san warily as we prepared ourselves.

	After looking around at us, the man finally turned his gaze to Amako, who was behind me, and smiled softly, relaxing his shoulders as if in relief.

	“I’ve been waiting for you guys. My name is Hayate, and I’m the one who’s been assigned to assist the Chief.”

	“…Ah, ehhhmm. My name is Usato Ken. Thank you for even allowing us to enter your country.”

	Since I’m the leader of the trip, I’ll introduce myself.

	I feel embarrassed by my faltering honorific as usual, but the beastly man, Hayate-san, is surprised by my words and immediately smiles back as before and gives instructions to his subordinate who is waiting next to him.

	“Both of you, you can lower your spears now.”

	“However, the other party is human. And the Blue Grizzly is…”

	“They’re not hostile, and he looks fond of them. The Blue Grizzly there won’t be harmed either.”

	“…I understand.”

	The two beastmen lowered their spears with unconvinced expressions.

	Once the tense atmosphere had softened somewhat, Hayate walked over to Amako and me.

	For now, I’m wary and take a step back behind Amako, moving to make it easier for her and Hayate to talk.

	“The last time we saw each other was when you were four years old, I think… Do you remember me?”

	“I’m sorry… I don’t remember.”

	Seeing that Amako apologized, Hayate hurriedly waved his hand to the side.

	“No, no, you don’t have to apologize. I’m rather old enough that I shouldn’t remember.”

	Looking pleased, Hayate-san bends down to make eye contact with Amako.

	Looking her over from toe to head, Hayate nodded.

	“Yeah, yeah, I’m glad you’re back. I’m relieved to see you haven’t changed from the last time I saw you… Yeah, you haven’t changed at all from two years ago. You’re exactly the same as you were back then.”

	“…Usato.”

	“Bear with him, I’m sure he doesn’t mean any harm…”

	Probably because this guy is really happy to see her.

	I shudder to think of Hayate, who holds his hands up at the height of Amako’s head, looking deeply moved. I admire his courage to keep smiling even after stepping on so many landmines without realizing it.

	As I was stopping Amako from looking up at me with sword swallowing eyes, Linka, who was watching Hayate from the side, kicked him in the shin.

	Hayate, who fell to the ground with a wild “gyaun,” looked at Linka with tears in his eyes as he pressed his shin.

	“L-Linka! You haven’t seen father in a long time, how dare you do this to meeee!”

	“You’re still as delirious as ever! Amako is concerned about her height! And you’re just trying to emphasize her height! Okay? Dad, Amako IS GOING TO BE GROWING FROM NOW ON!”

	“…Usato, I’m about to lose my temper.”

	“P-Please don’t.”

	I’m sure she’s angry for Amako’s sake.

	So, Amako, please don’t grip my uniform so tightly that it’s torn to shreds like when I was battling with Karon.

	…But although they don’t look alike, their fundamental personalities are similar, aren’t they?



	As I watched the exchange between Hayate and Linka, one of his men standing behind him gave a deliberate cough.

	“E-ehem, Hayate-sama.”

	“Eh! Oh, I’m sorry, I’m sorry. Let’s get down to business.”

	He brushed off the sand and stood up, pointing towards the door.

	“Let’s talk as we walk. I’d like to avoid the eyes of the people as much as possible, so Usato-san and the others, please cover your heads.”

	“Understood.”

	I put on the hood of the group’s uniform, and Arc-san put on the white cloak he took out of his horse’s luggage over his head.

	It’s extremely suspicious from the outside, but it’s more important that people know that we’re human, so we’ll hold back.

	Oh, I have to ask if the blue grizzly is allowed in, as usual.

	“Do you mind if we let the blue grizzly in?”

	“Yes. Just make sure he doesn’t get out of control.”

	There’s almost no need to worry about him getting out of control, so I pet Bluerin and step into Hinomoto, the land of beasts.

	The scene that spread out beyond the door was very different from the places I had visited before.

	“Wooden architecture, huh?”

	Beyond the door was a row of wooden buildings that looked as if they had been transported back to Japan a long time ago.

	Perhaps it was because we had entered through the back gate, but even so, I could tell that the buildings were fundamentally different from those I had seen in other countries.

	When Hayate saw us looking around, he spoke to us proudly.

	“The structure is different from the buildings you know?”

	“Yes, I’m surprised.”

	“The buildings that the beastman tribe lives in are all made of wood. They’re made from the great trees that surround the country, and they’re so sturdy that not even the rain can penetrate them.”

	“Heh…”

	As for me, in a way, it looked familiar. The shape of the buildings lined up was similar to the wooden houses you see in the countryside, and the larger buildings could almost be described as mansions.

	Kagari-san said that the previous generation of heroes gave knowledge to the beastmen, and I wonder if this is the same.

	“And…”

	Sure enough, it seems that the two of us are not the only ones keeping an eye on us.

	I don’t know where they are, but I can feel a lot of eyes watching us. I give a quick glance at Arc-san to make sure he’s aware of it, and he gives me a small nod.

	I’m not going to do anything rash, because depending on how I act, people might immediately think I’m hostile.

	…I should ask Hayate-san a few questions, just in case.

	“Hayate-san. Have the people here been informed that we are coming?”

	“Yes, of course. Earlier in the morning, I informed the people that Amako and the humans would be entering the country. However, the majority of the people don’t have a very good feeling about humans, so we had to welcome you in this way.”

	“We knew that they would be wary of us, so we don’t mind. How did the chiefs react to letting us in?”

	Hayate, who was walking in the lead, was puzzled for a moment by the continued question, but he answered quickly.

	“It wasn’t favorable because the chief is a shy character, but I managed to persuade him to give me permission.”

	The chief, unlike Hayato-san, isn’t very friendly towards us?

	…This is going to be difficult.

	I’m going to have to meet with the chief and negotiate with him to the point where I can help Amako’s mother, but I don’t want things to get complicated.

	”I don’t need human help!” Would be the worst.

	At the very least, I hope they’re not too hard-headed.

	“—–!”

	My thoughts were interrupted when I felt an intense stare piercing the back of my neck.

	It was something that could best be described as a killing intent. A gaze that froze my whole body, a sensation that made my whole body hair stand on end as if I was falling from a high place.

	With a momentary chill, I made a Healing Magic Bullet I had deployed in my sleeve and turned to stare in the direction of his gaze.

	“Hii!”

	But there was nothing behind me but a wooden building and a beastly female soldier who had fallen on her face when she saw me.

	I looked down at the female soldier, hiding my right hand behind my back, which was made of healing magic bullets, and saw that she was shaking her shoulders even more, and the dog-like ears on her head were slumped down.

	The killing intent is from behind… Don’t tell me it’s her?

	“?”

	“No, don’t eat me!”

	No, I won’t eat you. What kind of monster do you think I am?

	But it’s not her who’s throwing that killing intent.

	“…”

	“Hey, what’s going on all of a sudden?”

	Nea on my shoulder whispered to me, and I finally broke the tension and let out a slow breath.

	Hayate, Amako and the others who were walking in front of me must have noticed, because they turned their quizzical gazes towards me.

	“…I’m sorry to have startled you.”

	“What? Yes, yes…”

	I’m sure I’ve entered the realm of beasts and am overly sensitive to their presence.

	With a crunch, I put the basket back on the bracelet and reached out to the person who was holding on to me to help him up. The female soldier stood up, looking at me with fear in her eyes, and distanced herself from me.

	“Um.”

	“…!?”

	…Even though I deserved it, I’m kind of shocked.

	Linka, who was nodding deeply with a mysterious look on her face, approached the female soldier who was frightened just by calling out to me.

	“I know, it’s scary, isn’t it? I didn’t think he was human at first too…”

	Oi.

	I didn’t say it out loud, because I was the one at fault.

	That makes me a complete villain in front of the female soldier who nodded her head in agreement while sobbing in response to Linka’s words of comfort (?).

	Unable to bear the sight of me, Hayate-san called out to me.

	“Um, I’d like to ask you to refrain from acting like that here.”

	“S-sorry. I felt a buzzing gaze on me…”

	“A gaze…?”

	As far as Hayate-san and Arc-san’s reactions are concerned, it was directed only at me.

	I’m not sure why it was directed at me alone though.

	I wonder if they misunderstood me again, like they did with Linka.

	“…I’m worried about the future…”

	I don’t know, maybe it was hatred for humans, or maybe they just wanted to pick a fight with me.

	It means that there are people here who would direct such a killing intent towards me.

	I hope it will end without a fight, but if it does ——- I’ll have to fight back.





Chapter 128

	Hinomoto, the land of beasts.

	We were welcomed by Hayate-san, the assistant chief, and were walking up a dimly lit hill while being watched by beasts.

	A gentle ascent on a path that passes between houses.

	It may sound like we’re trying to avoid being seen, but if you look at it another way, it’s like we’re being taken somewhere. Hayate-san, who is leading the way, doesn’t seem like someone who would want to trap us, but after being tricked by Fegnis in Samaria, it’s dangerous to trust someone you’ve only just met.

	To be honest, being deceived by someone you trusted can be quite intimidating.

	Before I knew it, Bluerin, who had been standing next to me, looked up at me, as if he had seen my expression getting stronger.

	“Gufuu.”

	“…Are you worried about me?”

	I pat Bluerin on the head.

	…This isn’t the time to be regretting my previous mistake.

	As I regained my composure and turned to face forward, I saw a bright open area at the end of a dark road. Apparently, this back road ends there.

	I headed for the lighted area, wondering what I would find there and found myself in a wide open space, different from the path I had just taken. In addition, there was a large building in front of me that I had to look up at.

	Hayate-san looked back at us.

	“This is the most important building for us beastman tribe. Would it be easier to describe it as a castle for you guys?”

	The building is clearly different from other houses, and is carefully constructed.

	The white exterior and the angular shape gave it a different kind of power than a castle.

	As our eyes were drawn to the white building, Hayate-san, with a proud smile on her face, continued with her words.

	“Please take a look behind you.”

	“Behind?”

	When I turned around after being told that, there was a view that allowed me to see Hinomoto from above.

	Spread out below me were many buildings and a few people.

	The view from the castle in the Kingdom of Ringle was western, but the view from here was like going back in time to old Japan.

	I’ve heard that the beastman race has developed a culture different from that of humans, and looking at the entire country like this, it’s no wonder.

	When I think that all the people I can see now are beastman people, it makes me realize that I have finally arrived here.

	“I’ve missed it…”

	“So you’ve been here before, Amako?”

	“Yes, I’ve been here many times with my mom…”

	The expression on Amako’s face is somewhat anxious as she speaks in a small whisper.

	If you casually look sideways at Hayate-san, he is awkwardly putting his hand on his neck.

	…Is there something you’re guilty of? Or are you simply feeling sorry for her?…

	“Now, let me lead you on. First, let’s leave the horse and the blue grizzly with you. The owl on your shoulder is…”

	“Oh, she’s my familiar, is it okay to let her inside…?”

	“Hoo!”

	Nea tilts her head with a squeal, and Hayate-san looks a little distressed, but soon turns his head towards us.

	“…It is fine. But please do not let it leave your side.”

	“You don’t have to worry about that. She’s very quiet.”

	Nea nodded her head in agreement.

	The truth is, she’s far from quiet. In fact, I’d say she’s a bundle of curiosity.

	Linka, who knows that Nea can turn into a human form, has a dubious look on her face, but it soon returns, as if it is of no concern to her.

	What about Hayate-san? If he can’t let her in, she’ll have to stay with Bluerin and the horses…

	“That’s okay then. Then please follow me. We’ll take care of your luggage here.”

	With one nod, he motioned for us to follow him.

	As I followed him, I looked again at the white building that was high enough to look up at.

	“…”

	I wouldn’t go so far as to say that everything around us is full of enemies…, but I’m pretty sure that the beastman race doesn’t have a good impression of me.

	At worst, they might swear at me or make unreasonable accusations against me.

	In response to this, I should be as emotionally stable as possible, especially if it’s a grudge against them for the way they’ve been mistreated by the beastmen.

	“…What’s in store for us.”

	Beastman tribe, Chief.

	I walked forward with some trepidation, knowing that I was about to meet the highest-ranking person in the beast race.





* * *



	After leaving Bluerin and the horse at the stables, we were invited into the building.

	Only Linka was separated from us. Well, I was the one who was going to talk to the chief, so I couldn’t take Linka who had nothing to do with this to the important meeting.

	But as soon as I walked in, I was surprised to see that they made me take off my shoes.

	I had been living in this world until now, and it was common sense for me to wear shoes inside buildings, so I was honestly surprised that I had to take my shoes off to go upstairs.

	How much knowledge did the hero give to the beastmen? The culture is so similar that it’s hard to know what to make of it.

	“First of all, I’d like to take your weapon.”

	“Understood.”

	I handed the two swords that Ark-san was holding to the soldier.

	The gauntlets are more protective gear than… weapons, so I guess they’re okay. For now, I’ll also leave the blades and other things I use for cooking.

	“…hmm?”

	I suddenly noticed a square object at the entrance that looked out of place against the Japanese-style interior.

	Casually, I turn my gaze to observe it.

	It was about two meters in diameter. It was a strange object made up of various black plates that formed a square shape.

	From the looks of it, it’s a similar structure to the magic tools we saw in the open air in Samaria.

	“…Magic tool?”

	Nea tilts her head at my words. The way she looked at me, she seemed confused.

	Doesn’t Nea understand? I don’t know if it’s because I don’t like it as a design, or if it’s because I don’t think it has anything to do with magic.

	Either way, I don’t mind it as a design.

	“That was here before I left, you know.”

	“Is that so?”

	“Yeah, it’s been here since I can remember.”

	So this is just some kind of ornament then?

	“She’s right, this is just like an ornament.”

	“Heh…”

	Perhaps having heard our conversation, Hayate-san agrees with Amako’s words.

	However, there was a part of Hayate-san’s words that bothered me a little.

	“So, by ‘like’ you mean it wasn’t originally an ornament?”

	“…Yes, it was originally a magical tool, but no one used it and it was no longer needed. It was originally intended to be discarded, but since this is a slightly special magic tool, it has been left in this form.”

	“I see…”

	So it was originally a magic tool, and now it’s just an object with no power.

	I see. I thought it was reasonably shaped like a magic tool.

	“…Although I doubt this will ever be used again.”

	“Huh?”

	“Well, that’s enough talk, let’s move on. The chief is waiting for you.”

	“Ah, yes.”

	…Hayate-san muttered something quietly, but I couldn’t make it out.

	After regaining consciousness from the black box, I regained my composure, deposited my luggage and followed Hayate-san as he proceeded to the back. The rooms inside are divided by sliding doors, and from the inside it seems to be a moderately spacious structure.

	“I’ll tell you something while we’re here.”

	“Huh?”

	Hayate-san suddenly spoke to me as we walked.

	Without looking at us, he spoke in a rather heavy tone.

	“Our chief does not have a favorable opinion of you, more specifically, humans.”

	“…No, we were the ones who suddenly barged in, so it’s not surprising that he doesn’t think favorably of us.”

	In fact, there was no way they would look favorably on us, who had suddenly entered a place where no human had ever set foot before.

	“As for me, I’d like to end my talk with you guys peacefully. So I’m going to try to make an effort to take the place as much as possible.”

	“Thank you for your help.”

	When it came to meeting the head of the beast tribe, everything was different from before.

	Dean Gladys of Lukvis Academy.

	Lucas-sama of the Samaria Kingdom.

	Norn-sama of the water city of Mia Rak.

	All three of them are ordinary… normal…

	“…”

	I’m not sure what to make of this… No, Gladys-san was a normal woman, but Lucas-sama acted unexpectedly, like asking me to succeed him, and Norn-sama was drowning in potions when we first met, and to put it mildly, she was not a normal person.

	But the one thing that all three of them had in common was that they didn’t have any ill feelings towards us.

	Lost in thought, I walked down the corridor where I could see the outside scenery clearly.

	Then, I saw a wide sliding door where a beast soldier with a spear was standing.

	When the beast soldier saw me and Arc-san, he looked nervous and put his strength into the spear in his hand, but when Hayate-san stood in front of the sliding door, he moved to the side to make way for us.

	“Chief, I’ve brought Amako and the humans with me.”

	He said the words in front of the sliding doors, and–

	“Come in.”

	– and a low, cold voice.

	The beast soldier who nodded opened the sliding door.

	In the room behind the sliding doors, a beast man was sitting upright on a cushion. Behind him stood two beastly women who seemed to be his attendants, but I was more surprised to see the beastly man sitting in front of me than to grasp the situation in the room.

	He had rounded brown ears that reminded me of a bear and a build that was muscular enough to be recognizable. He doesn’t even have to stand up to see it. It’s not an exaggeration to say that I’ve never seen someone so big in my life.

	Prompted by Hayate-san, I sat down in seiza on the cushions that had been prepared in advance and introduced myself, which I had prepared in advance.

	“My name is Usato from the Lingle Kingdom, a rescue squad. Thank you for inviting me this time–“

	“I’m Jinya, Chief of the Beastman Tribe.”

	“…”

	As if to interrupt me, he briefly mentioned his own identity and name, and Jinya-san was silent.

	…Yeah, I’m not annoyed at the slightest. But I hope you’ll at least hear me out on the words I’ve tried so hard to come up with.

	Jinya-san, who wore a black kimono and brownish-black hair reminiscent of a mane, looked around at us, then finally at Amako, and let out a small sigh.

	“I never thought Kanoko’s daughter who had been missing would come to us like this. And that she would bring a human with her…”

	He then shifted his gaze to me.

	He stared at me blankly, and when I was confused, not knowing what to do, he blinked.

	“You look so poor that I can’t believe you’ve even made it this far. Did you really travel all the way here?”

	“What…?”

	“Ho-, hoot.”

	I let out a dusky voice with a smile, but came back to myself at the sound of Nea’s whine on my shoulder.

	No, no, no, the other party is the highest authority in the country. I must not be rude. In fact, he might even be trying to make me angry.

	Jinya-san, who had given me a boring reaction when I held back my smile, now looked at Amako.

	“So, Amako. Why did you come back here after all this time?”

	“…after all this time?”

	“Two years have passed since you disappeared. During that time, we have done everything in our power to find you…, but it has all been a failure. Some people thought you were either trapped by humans or already dead.”

	If that’s the case, then Amako’s return here may have caused no small amount of confusion. Besides, it’s no wonder Hayate-san was so happy when he met Amako.

	Amako looked at me as Jinya-san spoke, and I nodded my head. Rather than me explaining the situation, it would be better to let Amako handle it.

	“I came here to save my mother.”

	“Hmm, a good reason. Your mother hasn’t woken up for two years now. During that time, we tried everything we could to cure her, but all of our attempts failed. The fact that you’re back here now means that you’ve found a way to save her, right?”

	Amako nodded in response to his questioning words.

	“I’ve brought a healing magician with me. Healing magic, the highest level of recovery magic, may be able to heal my mother.”

	“…I see. If that’s the case, then that man is the healing magician, right?”

	He looks at me again, but his eyes are dismissive, as if to say, “Your magic is as poor as it looks.”

	I’m used to it from Rose, but if it were a normal person, I’d be pissed.

	I don’t know why he’s being so overbearing.

	“We hadn’t tried using healing magic to heal ourselves. In the first place, it was impossible for us to use the healing magic that only humans can handle, but… I see, if you brought him as a collaborator, the possibility of saving her is not low.”

	Jinya-san nodded as if he was convinced.

	“All right. I’ll take that healing magician over there to see your mother.”

	“Huh, is that okay?”

	“I think I understand the difficulty of a beast child living in the human realm. For your resolve, I’ll allow you to let that healing magician heal her.”

	Amako was surprised to see that her request had been approved unexpectedly easily.

	I thought it would be more complicated too, but…

	“…Now, Mom is…”

	“She’s alive, though she hasn’t woken up in the last two years.”

	…Why had Amako’s mother stopped waking up?

	It’s not like that can happen without knowing why, so it’s like she did something to cause it. Well, I guess I’ll find out when I see her in person.

	“Whether he can save your mother or not—-are you willing to stay here?”

	“…”

	Amako shuts down at the heavy, low words.

	After a few seconds of silence, her gaze wanders as if she is lost and then she opens her mouth with determination.

	“No, I do not intend to remain here.”

	“Don’t tell me you don’t know the mission of the Time Wing?”

	“Of course, I understand it. But I’m not… going to stay here…”

	She can’t live a normal life.

	Amako stammered that out, and Jinya-san let out a disappointed sigh.

	“…I see. If that’s the case, then you can disappear wherever you are when you’re done. Although it would have been better if something other than you had awakened to precognitive magic,… you are a disgrace to the family.”

	“…! Chief”

	“Our country doesn’t need anyone who wants to abandon the mission of composing time.”

	“Jinya! You can’t talk to her like that! The reason this child had to leave the country—-“

	Hayate-san raised her voice at Jinya-san’s harsh words.

	Jinya-san gave him a cold stare.

	“You should know your place. Don’t talk back to me like an aide.”

	“But…!”

	“No matter how much of a daughter she is, she’s useless. I don’t know what she’s been doing for two years, but I didn’t expect… a beastman who lived in the outside world to turn so useless.”

	Hayate-san was about to retort, but he stifled his anger, as if he was trying to control it with reason.

	I myself was a little angry at Jinya-san for looking down on Amako and mocking her, but I tried to keep my composure and not show it.

	In a way, this was a good thing, because he was insulting me.

	If she obeyed his words, Amako would not be forced to live in the land of the beasts, but would be taken back to the Kingdom of Lingle. Amako knew this, and accepted his words with a blank expression.

	“No matter. We will leave this country as soon as we have healed my mother.”

	“I’ll let you do that.”

	Jinya-san sat up, as if he was trying to end the conversation there.

	Amako’s story is over, but I haven’t told mine yet, so I hurriedly open my mouth to stop him.

	“I’m sorry, but I have something to tell you as well.”

	“…What”

	“The Kingdom of Lingle, I have a letter from Lloyd Bluegust Lingle-sama.”

	Saying that, I take out the letter and show it to Jinya-san.

	I know it’s impossible for me to do this, but since I’m here as an emissary of the Lingle Kingdom, I have to talk to him.

	He grumpily let his attendant receive the letter, and looked it over.

	“Demon King huh… I refuse. I have no reason to cooperate.”

	“…”

	I knew it.

	Well, it can’t be helped.

	“In the first place, from our point of view, the battle between demons and humans is of no importance. Even if we were to meet a demon and a paragon, it would only be after the demise of the humans.”

	“…I will report to the king that way.”

	It’s a good thing that I was able to inform the beastman tribe of the imminent threat of the Demon King’s army.

	When he saw that I didn’t say anything more, Jinya-san stood up this time.

	“I have a guest waiting for me, apart from you. You can take over, Hayate-san.”

	“Very well, sir.”

	With that, Jinya-san stood up and walked out of the room, taking his attendants with him.

	He remained stern from start to finish.

	It’s like he was acting like he didn’t want us to see any opportunity.

	But…

	“Finally, huh?”

	It was the beginning of our journey and our ultimate goal to meet Amako’s mother.

	I know what that means.

	The end of our journey is near, that’s all that matters.





Chapter 129

	An audience with Jinya-san, the chief of the beastman tribe.

	They didn’t treat me very well and the letter was rejected, but the story about Amako was not bad for us.

	He said that I as a healing magician could meet Amako’s mother, and that Amako could leave the land of the beasts.

	I was prepared for the conversation to get quite complicated, but I was fortunate that it was unexpectedly going in the right direction.

	“I’m sorry. We were so arrogant to our guests…”

	“There’s no need to apologize, Hayate-san. Besides, we don’t mind it either.”

	“I’m glad you say that.”

	I walked out of the room where I had talked with Jinya-san and hurriedly replied to Hayate-san who bowed his head in the corridor where I could see the view outside.

	Jinya-san’s response was not wrong.

	We’re strangers, we’re human beings. It’s impossible to try to get along with us.

	“The chief has always been a dour and stern man… But I didn’t expect him to react in such a blatantly disgusted way.”

	From the past, huh?

	Is it possible that Hayate-san and Jinya-san have known each other for a long time? During the audience, he called Jinya-san, so maybe it is.

	As I was tilting my head at the relationship between Hayate and Jinya, Aruku opened his mouth.

	“About Amako-dono’s mother, are we going there right now?”

	“Yes, I’ll show you right away.”

	At Hayate-san’s words, Arc-san put his hand on his chin as if thinking for a moment.

	Was there something on his mind?

	“What’s the matter? Arc-san?”

	“Oh, I’m sorry. Things have been going a little too smoothly, and I’m getting worried.”

	“Ah,…”

	I couldn’t help but nod at Arc-san’s words.

	All of our journeys so far have been anything but straightforward.

	The fate of Nack and Meena.

	Nair and the evil dragon.

	The curse of Samaria that consumed Eva.

	Karon, the dragon of Mia Rak.

	Compared to that, things are going too smoothly this time. So I can understand Arc-san’s feeling of uneasiness.

	“Hoot.”

	“Yeah. If there’s nothing going on so far, it’ll make you feel uneasy in reverse, right?”

	Nea on my shoulder and Amako next to me also nodded in agreement.

	Hayate-san, who was listening to the conversation nearby, soberly said, “I wonder what kind of journey these people have been on…”

	“Well, if nothing happens, we can return to the Lingle Kingdom like this, so let’s rather rejoice.”

	“Haha, you’re right. I was a little nervous, wasn’t I?”

	That’s right. If I could save Amako’s mother, we could go home.

	And we can finally reunite with our seniors who are traveling in faraway places.

	I wonder if Kazuki is doing well. He has a tendency to be a little overwhelmed, so I’m a little worried about him even though I know he’s fine.

	I’m sure he’ll be fine…, so I’m not too worried, but I have a lot to say to him when I get back, so be prepared.

	As I was thinking about my best friends in faraway places, Hayate-san spoke to me.

	“We can’t just stand here all the time, so let’s head out soon. I’ll show you around again, so please follow me.”

	“Yes.”

	I followed Hayate-san as he walked ahead of me.

	It seemed that Amako’s mother was just a few steps away from the building, and we had to put on our shoes and go outside once we got there.

	“Oh, by the way, how is Linka? She couldn’t get used to the customs here, so I had to leave her at my father’s hidden village…”

	I chuckled at Hayate-san’s question, as if he suddenly remembered.

	She scared me at first, but I know she’s not a bad girl, so I choose my words as best I can to reply.

	“She’s been very helpful in showing me the way here. Besides, she and Amako are very close, which is a relief for me.”

	Amako looked miffed at my words, but I was worried that she didn’t actually have a proper friend her own age.

	So I was secretly relieved to know that she had a like-minded friend like Linka.

	Hayate-san smiled cheerfully, relieved.

	“Haha, I see. Well, as for me, I was wondering if she’s still playing tricks all the time. That’s all my father wrote to me about, so I was worried about her.”

	“Heh, heh…”

	I guess she was quite a tomboy…

	Kagari-san must have been having a hard time.

	As I remembered the exchange between Kagari-san and Linka, I felt a sense of sadness.

	“Hayate-san. Um, there’s something I’d like to ask you…”

	“You don’t have to use honorifics. You’re my daughter’s friend, after all.”

	“…Oh, okay.”

	“So, what do you want to ask me?”

	As I was looking at the scenery of the beastman village once again, Amako was asking Hayate-san a question.

	“Earlier, when you were talking to the chief, you were about to say something… Do you know anything about my mother’s collapse?”

	“…!”

	Hayate-san’s eyes widened at Amako’s words.

	He paused there as if a little lost, but when he made eye contact with Amako, he opened his mouth again as if he had made up his mind.

	“I don’t know exactly why she collapsed, but I do know the cause of it.”

	“You knew that…?”

	“Yeah. It’s a public secret, but I’ll tell you.”

	A secret?

	So you’re saying there were circumstances that prevented you from revealing it…

	Silently, I listened to Amako and Hayate-san’s conversation.

	“Your mother… Kanoko, you know. She’s been doing research on how to seal her own magic into magical tools.”

	“Sealing magic into…?”

	“The magic sealing grimoire [Towa]. It’s a research project based on the magic of the hero who defeated the Demon Lord.”

	” Towa…”

	I’m not sure if the heroes are involved here too, though indirectly.

	But why would anyone want to create a magic tool that can contain magic? Did she want to make it so that others could handle it?

	As I tilted my head in thought, Amako also asked Hayate-san why her mother was doing such research, as if she didn’t know why her mother was doing it.

	“Why would mother do that…?”

	“It’s for your own good.”

	“—!”

	Amako looked up vigorously in astonishment.

	Hayate-san words with a sorrowful look on his face.

	“A user of precognitive magic has to spend most of her life in this village. You know that, don’t you?”

	“Yes.”

	“Beastmen who are born with precognitive magic, ‘Time Wingers’, are an important position to warn the beastmen tribe in advance of any external danger that may be approaching, so they are strictly forbidden to go outside… In fact, your mother has never been outside this country. That’s why she decided to transfer her own precognitive magic into a magic tool and make it available to everyone so that you don’t have to feel the same way she did.”

	So Amako would have lived here forever if she hadn’t left the Land of Beasts?

	She may have had… freedom, but she might have been living a stifling life.

	“That’s why Kanoko has been working hard to develop magic tools for you, her precious daughter, and the beast children who will be born with precognitive magic.”

	“…, but she failed.”

	“Ah.”

	Hayate-san nodded with a somber expression.

	“When our research was at its climax, she activated Towa on her own. It was activated in an incomplete state, and it went out of control… Kanoko, who activated it, hasn’t been able to wake up since that day.”

	“My mother did that…”

	“To this day, I still don’t know what reason she gave for doing that. But… we know she wouldn’t do something like that for no reason.”

	“…us?”

	He said. It sounded as if there was someone else involved besides Hayate-san.

	I suddenly interrupted him, and Hayate-san opened his mouth with a chuckle.

	“It’s the Chief… Jinya. Me, Jinya, and Kanoko were childhood friends, so I was arranging to help him with his research and prepare a place for him.”

	“Oh, I see. I’m sorry, I interrupted you…”

	“No, no, it’s fine.”

	Rather, like Hayate-san, Jinya-san was a childhood friend of Amako’s mother. Hayate-san’s daughter, Linka is very close to Amako, so it’s not that strange, but… I didn’t think Jinya-san was that close to her.

	…When you think about it, it’s probably not unreasonable for Hayate-san to have got emotional over her treatment of Amako, the daughter of a childhood friend.

	“Usato.”

	“Hmm?”

	Amako who had finished talking with Hayate-san looked up at me with an anxious look on her face.

	“Before Mom stopped waking up, she said to me, ‘You can’t be like me.’ She looked at me with a sad face, like it was the last time we would see each other…”

	“I guess there was a reason for that?”

	There might have been something going on with Amako’s mother that I couldn’t imagine.

	Amako seemed to feel the same way, nodding her head with a gloomy expression, but then she continued, “But…”

	“But,” she continued, “it doesn’t matter now. I just want my mother to get better.”

	“…”

	I will definitely help her.

	For the sake of this child, and for Amako’s mother, Kanoko-san.

	As I was making such a strong vow in my heart, Hayate-san, who was walking in front of me, stopped.

	It seems he has reached his destination.

	As I looked beyond Hayate-san’s gaze, I saw a building that was a size larger than the surrounding houses. From the looks of it, the structure reminded me of a temple.

	“…This is where your mother lived?”

	“For two years. She’s been undergoing treatment here. We couldn’t wake her up with our powers, but with healing magic, there might be hope.”

	I opened the door and stepped inside.

	It was a bleak room that I couldn’t imagine from the size of the exterior. In the center of the room, there was a woman in a kimono sleeping quietly on a pure white futon.

	She had the same beautiful long golden hair and fox ears as Amako.

	She looked as if Amako had grown up as she was, so beautiful and youthful that she could have been called her older sister.

	“Amako, is that your mother?”

	“Yes.”

	We took off our shoes and walked indoors to where Kanoko-san was laid out.

	I looked around the sleeping Kanoko-san and saw what looked like a magic tool on the floor. I couldn’t tell what it was used for, but I understood that it was something that was keeping her bedridden body alive.

	“Hayate-san, do you mind if I take care of Kanoko-san?”

	“Yes, I’ll be present, so please don’t worry about it.”

	“Thank you very much.”

	In order to use the systematic enhancement of healing magic, which is important to visualize how I want to heal the other person, I need to know Kanoko-san’s condition.

	And in addition to the conditions for triggering the systemic enhancement, there is one more thing that Nea needs to see. Let her see if there is any change in her magical power, if she is under the influence of magic, and if necessary, apply a spell to break the magic —— a release spell.

	After giving Nea a look over my right shoulder, I crouch down beside Kanoko-san to check on her.

	“…”

	She’s sleeping with a peaceful expression, as if she’s about to wake up.

	But this person hasn’t woken up once in two years.

	The most likely possibility is that Hayate-san’s magic tool went out of control and caused some sort of brain damage.

	I’ve always suspected that the brain is affected by the fact that she sleeps while alive, but this is the most likely possibility.

	Once that was decided, I created a healing magic system enhancement in my palm.

	When I was about to apply the systemic enhancement to her, Nea on my shoulder slapped me on the cheek. Did she find something wrong? I turned to Nea and there she was looking stunned, muttering in a small voice.

	“This person… has no… magic power.”

	“…”

	No magic power.

	What the heck is that?

	Confused by Nea’s words, I turned to Hayate-san while activating the systemic enhancement.

	“Hayate-san.”

	“Did you find out something,…?”

	Hayate-san was surprised by my voice, but that’s not the point right now.

	Why doesn’t she have any magic power? Kanoko-san had precognitive magic, so it’s impossible for her to have no magic power.

	“Did you know that Kanoko-san is losing her magic power right now?”

	“She’s losing her magic? My subordinate didn’t tell me anything like that…”

	Either he hadn’t noticed, or Hayate-san hadn’t been informed.

	In either case, it’s impossible for magic power to suddenly disappear from the body.

	If she’s unconscious because she’s lost her magic, then there’s no way I can fix her.

	“…!”

	I shook off my backward thoughts.

	I should not be so weak.

	“Usato,…”

	Amako looks at me with a face like she’s about to cry.

	Seeing her expression, I turned to Kanoko-san again.

	“I’ll try my best.”

	I mutter to myself, and activate the systematic enhancing of healing magic in my left hand as well. Originally, I was able to strengthen the system without the gauntlet, but it was quite tiring to do it with both hands.

	I placed my right hand on Kanoko-san’s forehead and my left hand on her abdomen to spread the systemic enhancement over her entire body.

	“…systematic enhancing.”

	I focus my attention on Kanoko-san as I am tormented by the sensation of magic power being consumed from my body all at once.

	System enhancing is a profound form of healing magic that boasts immense recovery power.

	With sweat beading on my forehead, I relentlessly apply healing magic to Kanoko-san.

	But…

	“…”

	The pain that hit me like an electric shock to my head almost made me lose my concentration.

	I thought I had lost my magic power, but I still had it.

	The systemic enhancing is also working normally.

	“…!”

	“Hooyeh!”

	It hurts, but it’s not unbearable.

	However, Nea on my shoulder is not so lucky. I don’t know if it’s because I’m touching her, but I think she’s suffering from a headache and she’s writhing in pain.

	“Usato!”

	“Usato-dono!”

	Amako, who noticed me tilting my head and Nea letting out a cry of anguish, put her hand on my shoulder as quickly as she could.

	At that moment, I was tormented by the sensation of something passing through my body, and this time, Amako also held her head to her forehead, just like Nea.

	“What, this…”

	“Amako, Nea, get away from me!”

	What’s going on…? When I tried to pull Nea and Amako away from me, I was met with a headache that intensified without warning.

	“Amako, run!

	I heard a woman’s voice that seemed to echo directly in my head.

	After that voice, the headache stopped, but Amako looked down at her mother, who was still asleep, with a mixture of confusion and astonishment on her face.

	“A-are you okay!”

	Hayate-san is worried about me and Amako’s safety.

	I’m used to mental attacks, but that’s not the case with Amako and Nea, so I’m still holding my head. In the meantime, as I try to cast a healing spell on them with my remaining magic, Amako moves her mouth in a small, trembling voice.

	“Mother…”

	Was that Kanoko’s voice I heard earlier?

	No, more than that, what does she mean by running away?

	When I tried to call out to Arc-san to ask for his judgment, he turned his face towards the sliding door and his expression turned grim.

	“Tsk, I didn’t notice until they got this close…! Usato-dono! We’re surrounded!!!!”

	“Haah!”

	Just as I turned my gaze to the sliding door in surprise, it was kicked open with a loud bang and blasted in front of us.

	A group of beasts armed with armor entered through the door, but when I spotted the last person who stepped into the room, I really didn’t understand what was going on.

	A large beastman wearing a black kimono.

	Standing behind the beasts with his bow at the ready, he, Jinya-san, looked at us, including Hayate-san, condescendingly, and slowly opened his mouth.

	“Don’t hit Amako and Hayate-san.”

	Instantly, an arrow with a speed that was incomparable to Linka’s was shot at my eyes.





Chapter 130

	The arrow flew at a great speed.

	The ones who shot it were the beastman soldiers ordered by Jinya-san.

	Shit! Now Arc-san doesn’t have a sword, so he can’t block the arrow! If the target is only me and Arc-san, I could still manage it somewhat!

	With quick reflexes, I took out the gauntlet and released magic into the gauntlet.

	I’ve been using magic to heal Kanoko-san so my body is taking more load than usual, but I don’t care, I put my palm out in front of me.

	“Healing magic rupture punch!”

	A shockwave of healing magic from the palm of the hand acts as a wall to repel the arrow.

	I was able to hit most of the arrows with it, but I noticed that there were some arrows that were beyond the range of the bursting palm.

	The arrow wasn’t aimed towards us.

	As soon as I realised where the arrow was going, I stuck out my hand and grabbed it.

	“…!”

	At the end of the arrowhead that stopped him was Kanoke-san, who was still asleep.

	Why was the arrow aimed at Amako’s mother? If I hadn’t prevented it, it would have hit her in the head.

	…Did they shoot it by mistake, perhaps?

	No, how could a sensible beastman miss an arrow at this distance?

	I shouted and turned to Jinya-san.

	“You almost hit Kanoko-san! Do you aim your arrows at your own kind?”

	Jinya’s expression did not falter at my voice.

	It’s as if he’s saying he doesn’t mind if Kanoko-san gets hit by an arrow.

	…Indeed, as Jinya-san said, no arrows were aimed at Amako and Hayate.

	“So it did not hit Amako and Hayate.”

	The moment I came up with that idea, my thoughts were instantly tainted with anger.

	In other words, as long as the arrows don’t hit Amako and Hayate, it’s fine. So it doesn’t matter if Amako’s mom dies.

	The arrowhead that I grabbed had a sweet smell to it. This smell is similar to the poison of the wicked dragon that we fought before…

	“So you even resorted to using poison too.”

	It’s not a problem for me because it’s not a poison of the level of the wicked dragon, but if the bedridden Kanoko-san received this, she could die immediately.

	I was so angry at the unreasonable attack that I snapped all the arrows in my grasp and glared at Jinya-san and the beastman soldiers.

	The beastman soldier, flustered by my gaze, holds up his arrow, but Hayate-san steps in front of us, interrupting him.

	“Jinya!! What are you doing bringing the Kingsguard here! They’re not the ones who want to harm us! Didn’t we agree on that earlier?”

	“That’s not the point. I’m finally getting my chance. I can’t let this pass me by.”

	“Chance…?”

	At Hayate-san’s words, Jinya-san glanced at us and continued.

	“As of today, we, the beastman race, have formed an alliance with the demon race.”

	“What?”

	An alliance with the demon tribe?

	I was startled by the unexpected words.

	“What are you talking about? Are you trying to involve the entire beastman race in a direct war? No, more importantly, is that the consensus of the chiefs of the beastman tribe?”

	“Of course it is. We’ve got the power. And the cooperation system… offered by the demon race’s side, how can we not take advantage of it?”

	“Jinya…!”

	Did the demon race come here before we did?

	If so, that means we’ve been lured out into enemy territory. It is fortunate that Hayate-san is on our side, but… the situation is terrible. We need to think of a way to escape.

	“There is no way the chiefs will agree to that. What have you offered them?…!”

	“Power. I’m doing what I need to do for that.”

	Jinya-san replied to Hayate-san’s words and shifted his gaze to Amako.

	“Hand Amako over to me.”

	“…”

	Amako hides behind me as if she’s scared.

	I have no intention of handing Amako over either. Why should we hand Amako over?

	…With this number of opponents, we can get away with it if we have to.



	I distracted him with a healing magic bullet, and while I was doing that, I stunned the soldier with the beastman’s bow in front of me with a healing punch, and then I carried Amako and Kanoko-san and escaped with Arc-san and Hayate-san.

	I might get hit by a few arrows, but I’ll be fine.

	If necessary, I’ll hit Jinya-san with a series of healing blinding or healing punches to knock him unconscious.

	Okay, let’s do this.

	Just as I was about to take Amako in my arms after glancing at Arc-san, an arrow shot towards me.

	I ducked reflexively, and when I looked in the direction where the arrow was shot, I saw Jinya-san, whose calm expression had changed completely, holding his bow and glaring at me.

	“Don’t move from there, healing magician! If you move, I’ll kill Kanoko!”

	“…!”

	He’s not afraid to use a sick person as a hostage…!

	And he shot an arrow at me even though I hadn’t acted on it yet. Did he know what I was going to do? Do you have the same kind of magical vision that Halfa had in Lukvis? If that’s the case, I don’t know if I can protect Kanoko from the poisonous arrows that are fired in anticipation.

	On the other hand, I’m confident that we can charge in and force our way through, but we can’t put Kanoko in danger. As of now, we’re being held hostage by Kanoko.

	But…

	“We can’t just give up Amako like that…!”

	If Jinya-san’s goal is Amako, he can’t leave her alone, even more so.

	Don’t get emotional, just think about it calmly. If he takes Amako, I won’t be able to protect her.

	…That’s right.

	I put my hand over my mouth in feigned frustration and whispered to Nea on my shoulder, keeping my voice as low as possible.

	“Nea, take care of Amako.”

	Nea, who nodded silently with a cocked head, bounced lightly and moved to Amako’s shoulder next to me.

	Fortunately, Jinya-san and the others didn’t notice.

	Letting Nea stay as an owl did the trick. Now, I won’t have to leave Amako alone. Worst case scenario, even if Nea’s true identity was revealed, she would be able to escape easily.

	I turn my gaze to Jinya-san without looking at Nea.

	“I’m not going to be rough with her. She’s too important to us, you know.”

	“…I can’t believe it.”

	You and Kanoko-san, after your extreme actions in trying to kill us with poisoned arrows, you’re not going to harm us? What you’re saying and what you’re doing are a mess.

	Moreover, when we talked earlier, I thought he was telling us to get out of this country.

	I have no idea what he wants to do.

	“What are you planning to do with Amako?”

	“We’re just trying to get her to cooperate with something. As soon as we’re done with her, we’ll let her go.”

	Let her go?

	Hah! You didn’t answer the more important question.

	What do you mean by “something”?

	As I was thinking and trying not to show it on my face, Hayate-san who was standing diagonally in front of me angrily ran up to Jinya and grabbed him by the chest.

	I panicked and called out his name.

	“Hayate-san!

	“Don’t screw with me! You’re trying to resume that research again? And this time with Amako, aren’t you ashamed to be an adult?”

	“I don’t think so. I told you before, didn’t I? I’m just doing what I need to do for me. Besides, I’m doing it for a different purpose this time.”

	“What the hell is that—-“

	“Konoe, hold Hayate.”

	“Let go of me, ku… Jinyaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

	Hayate-san was being held down by the soldiers of the Kingsguard and glared at Jinya-san in anger.

	We could not leave Kanoko’s side without a fight and could only watch the scene unfold.

	Jinya-san, who had Hayate restrained by the Kingsguard, looked at us again.

	“If you make a move, we’ll have to take appropriate measures as well. If you’re caught quietly, I’ll spare your lives and Kanoko’s.”

	“…”

	In other words, if we surrender, he’ll spare our lives.

	It’s all very suspicious.

	I’m sure Jinya-san isn’t so polite as to keep a makeshift promise. And since we’re human, we have no obligation or duty to keep that promise.

	As I was thinking about how to get out of this situation, Amako, who had been silent and downcast since a while ago, stepped in front of me and Arc-san.

	“Alright. In return, you must absolutely keep your promise.”

	Nea, who was on my shoulder, also trembled as if she had been startled by Amako, who had taken the other party’s condition without permission.

	I myself was so surprised that I immediately grabbed her shoulder.

	“Amako!”

	“I’m fine.”

	“As if you are…”

	But when I saw her expression when she turned around, I was utterly shocked.

	Her face was expressionless, but she was angry. She was angry, but not in a normal way.

	Amako took one look at me, unable to move from in front of Kanoko-san, and let out a strangled voice.

	“I’ve found something that I have to do in… this country.”

	“Things you have to do…?”

	“…Yeah.”

	So you found out something here, Amako?

	Or has she made up her mind?

	Amako looks up at me, still confused, and then turns to Jinya-san behind her with a determined look on her face.

	“Leave everyone alone, and I’ll listen to you…”

	“Thanks for listening to me, kid. It was going to take a lot of work to catch this guy. Go get the two… humans over there.”

	Jinya-san, who took her hand off her bow, instructed her subordinates to seize me and Arc-san.

	Both Arc-san and I were held down and our hands were bound with rope.

	While being seized, I glared at Jinya-san with eyes filled with anger.

	“I’m not interested in what you’re going to do, and I don’t want to know! But don’t you dare harm Amako…! If anything happens to her, we’ll… never forgive you!”

	“Terrible. Really terrible indeed. I thought about what I would do when the plan that was originally supposed to end in a discussion ended in failure, but I was relieved to be captured with the hostages I prepared for… insurance.”

	“Ku…!”

	I have no idea what Jinya-san is talking about.

	But there is no doubt that this person invited us here from the beginning with the intention of betraying us and Hayate-san. And we were all caught in the trap.

	My hands were completely restrained, and I and Alok were taken away by the soldiers of the Kingsguard, and we had to leave Amako without choice.





* * *



	After being captured by Jinya-san, Arc-san and I were put in a cell in the basement of the first large building we entered.

	It was a dimly lit room made of stone pavement and wood.

	In one of them, I was put in the same cell with Arc-san, and his arms were cuffed with wooden shackles made of wood and iron.

	“…I never thought I’d be put in jail.”

	We’ve been in jail for what, about three hours?

	I’ve been to jail before because of Ferrum, but I never thought I’d be locked up in a cell.

	I can move around a bit, but the wooden and iron shackles on my arms make it more difficult than I thought it would be. Besides, I don’t know if it’s this prison or the shackles, but I can’t use magic.

	I can only use healing magic, so it doesn’t have much effect on me, but it’s probably a nuisance for Arc-san, who mainly uses fire magic.

	I lifted up the fetters in disgust and found that they looked very old.

	I can break it if I want to…

	“Well, I won’t do that now. Besides, there’s something wrong here, too.”

	The inside of the prison was also covered in dust and showed little signs of use, and the only guard was a nervous-looking beastman soldier standing across the cage.

	“…Oi you there. What are you looking at!”

	I casually stared at the guards, and they shouted at me, their voices trembling.

	…It seems that he is not used to dealing with human beings, so he is very nervous.

	Now that I have a better grasp of the situation I’m in, I let out a sigh and rest my back against the prison wall.

	“I hope Amako is okay…”

	Even though she surrendered because she had something in mind, Amako would be nothing more than a mere girl without her precognition magic.

	The thought that such a girl might be in danger gives me a heart-wrenching anxiety.

	“I believe that Amako-dono has some idea of what she’s doing.”

	“Yeah…, I suppose. There’s no way that girl doesn’t have anything on her mind.”

	I nodded at Arc-san’s words.

	Currently, I don’t know what Amako is thinking. But from our experience of traveling together so far, I’m sure it’s not meaningless. That’s why me and Arc-san are caught here obediently.

	“Then there’s Hayate-dono.”

	“Unlike us, Hayate-san is from the beastman side, so… I’m worried that he might have taken our side and been treated as a traitor and treated badly.”

	“Yes, considering Jinya-dono, it might not be surprising what they’ll do to him.”

	Hayate-san was on our side in that situation.

	Above all, she cared a lot about Amako, so I hope he’s okay.

	But now that we’re trapped, there’s nothing we can do about it.

	“…We’ll have to wait and see for a little while, right?”

	“Yeah.”

	I sat on the floor and stared at the mousy ceiling.

	Yes, for now, we’ll just have to wait and see. First, I’ll wait for contact from Amako or Nea. If we don’t hear from them in three days, we’ll move.

	“…It’s been a long time since I’ve been put in jail.”

	“Is that so?… Wait what?”

	What do you mean you’ve been put in jail?

	In an instant, I was pulled back to reality and turned to look at Arc-san, who was laughing.

	“Well, it’s not a jail, it’s more like a cell.”

	“I’d be surprised if it was solitary confinement. I hadn’t imagined Arc-san to be put in such a place…”

	“You’re buying into it too much. I used to be quite a troublemaker myself. I can’t even count on the fingers of my hands the number of times I was thrown into solitary confinement for causing a ruckus with a coworker and was made to reflect on it all night.”

	“H-Honestly,… I can’t imagine it at all.”

	“Hahaha…”

	It was quite a surprise that there was such a time when Arc-san, who was polite, serious, a good cook, and a good fighter, had such a time.

	After that, as we continued to exchange idle conversation to distract ourselves from our anxiety, we heard the sound of several people’s footsteps coming from the stairs leading to the ground.

	I stopped my conversation and looked at the stairs, and what came down was Hayate-san, bound by two beastman soldiers and was shackled and put in the same cell as us.

	If you look closely, you can see that his mouth is covered with blood and his cheeks are swollen.

	“Hayate-san, are you okay!”

	“Uhhhh…”

	I glare at the soldiers who brought him here.

	The soldiers turned away hurriedly and slunk back to the ground.

	“They were just following Jinya’s orders to bring me here. Please don’t blame them too much.”

	Hayate-san got up, holding his painfully swollen cheek.

	If my healing magic hadn’t been blocked, I could have healed his wounds…

	“More importantly, I have to apologize to you guys.”

	Saying that, Hayate-san’s expression turned painful, and he got down on his knees, almost crashing into the ground despite the shackles he was wearing.

	“I’m sorry! I brought out the worst in you guys just because I made you meet Jinya…!”

	“Worst thing? Hayate-san, what the hell is Jinya-san trying to do?”

	Raising his head, Hayate-san clenched both fists tightly as if he was trembling with anger.

	“I was under the impression that Kanoko’s research had failed. But the truth is, it didn’t. Kanoko’s research was a success, although the results were not what I had expected. But no one knew about it, except one person.”

	“Except for one person?… No way.”

	“Yeah, it’s Jinya.”

	That’s when I realized the answer to my inexplicable anticipation when Kanoko-san was taken hostage.

	It wasn’t a premonition based on magical vision like Halfa’s, but Jinya-san’s genuine prediction of my movements.

	Just like Amako’s precognitive magic.

	“Jinya extracted the precognition magic from Kanoko and made it his own.”

	The moment I heard those words from Hayate-san, I was almost overcome by an inexplicable rage.

	He had taken Amako’s mother away from her, and now he’s using that magic as his own?

	Had he taken her magic and then taken Kanoko hostage, or worse, tried to kill her?

	“And now he’s turned his attention to Amako. He was bragging about it, you know. ‘This is an awesome power. It’s too good to be owned by one individual.'”

	Un-fucking-believable.

	Jinya-san is going to start the research that kept Kanoko awake, and now he’s going to start it on Amako.

	What did he mean, “I’ll let her go”?

	Everything he says is full of lies, isn’t it?





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	With precognitive magic, hostages, and poisoned arrows, Usato was finally caught.

	Jinya was also scared inside.

	Originally, he was supposed to be attacked during the discussion.

	As for the reason for the failure, it’s because Usato’s reflexes are not right.





Chapter 131

	I’ve been angry about a lot of things on this trip so far.

	I’ve been angry at Meena for torturing Nack, at Fegnis for trying to use the word “sacrifice” to describe Eva in Samaria.

	I was angry at Leona who was willing to risk her life without regard for her own.

	My anger right now is at the level I was at with Fegnis-san in Samaria.

	But the only difference was that I kept my cool and didn’t show my anger.

	I was surprised at myself, but it seems that when I get angry beyond words, I become calm.

	“So, what sort of method is Jinya-san thinking of using to extract the magic from Amako?”

	“It should be the same as it was with Kanoko. Probably, Jinya is trying to extract the precognition magic using ‘Towa’.”

	“I see, so we just have to destroy it.”

	“Well… yeah, that’s not a given, but…”

	“Usato-dono, please calm down.”

	I was rebuked by Arc-san.

	Even though I was able to maintain my composure, I thought of solving the problem by force as I had been doing.

	I coughed to fool Hayate-san, who was pulling away lightly and asked him what was bothering him.

	“Ehem. So anyways, what does this ‘Towa’ magic tool look like?”

	“It looks like a black box, but it’s bigger than a normal tool. I think it’s roughly the size of two… huts.”

	It’s a black box, but it’s huge.

	It’s foreign to me, considering the magic tools I’ve seen so far.

	“It’s that big? Then it’s going to be quite noticeable.”

	“No, it was disassembled after the Kanoko incident. But the disassembled parts are also part of the results of our research, so they haven’t been disposed of. One of them is the one you guys saw at the entrance of the building.”

	Was that the one I saw before my audience with Jinya-san?

	…It makes a lot more sense now that they’re keeping it in the beastman tribe’s headquarters.

	Nodding nearby, Arc-san asks Hayate-san a question.

	“If it’s disassembled, does that mean it will take some time to assemble?”

	“Yes. They have to gather the parts, so it should take at least three days. In the meantime, soldiers are guarding it closely.”

	…I could just ram it in, hit it with all the punches with my gauntlet, and be done with it.

	Obvioulsy I’m not saying these out loud because there are beastmen on guard here.

	But doesn’t Hayate-san’s story make you think anything of it? I looked at the guard casually and he was looking at me with a pensive look in his eyes.

	“…Is something the matter?”

	“Usato-dono?”

	“Oh, no, it’s nothing.”

	I’ll think about the soldier’s reaction later now.

	Anyway, for now, I need to get as much information as I can out of Hayate-san.

	“How has Amako been?”

	“Right now she’s in a private room and… good, she’s locked up. The owl is your familiar, but it’s been deemed a particularly harmless creature, and it’s staying with Amako. Oh, and the blue grizzly you brought with you is with the horses.”

	“I see…”

	Nea must have been able to successfully become an owl. Thank goodness she didn’t hoot in a stupid “ho ho ho” kind of voice.

	It’s great news for us that we were able to get Nea inside the beastman tribe.

	Bluerin is… yeah, I’m sure he’s coasting as usual.

	With Amako locked up, it is unlikely that she will be able to reach us. If they do, it will probably be through Nea, or when Jinya-san has some sort of plan to bring us together.

	“Should we move now? No, we should wait a little longer…”

	Even though they have at least three days to finish reassembling the Towa, we can’t afford to wait too long.

	I’m not sure what to do.

	Or should I wait for Amako and Nea to contact me?…

	No, I can’t decide. In the first place, how can I, a basic muscle for brains make such a decision?

	“No, rather, isn’t this where my well-trained body will come into play?”

	I knew the average arm strength of the beastman tribe from arm wrestling in the hidden village, and I had already confirmed their movements in a game of tag with Linka. I can at least subdue a beastman soldier with a healing punch.

	I don’t know how far into the future Jinya-san can see, but if we grab Amako and Kanoko quickly, we can destroy his plans.

	As I was thinking about how to move forward, Arc-san tapped me on the shoulder with his shackled hand.

	“Usato-dono, I’ll say it again. Please calm down.”

	“…Ah, yes. Excuse me.”

	It would have been nice if Nea and Amako had been here at a time like this…

	Whenever I was struggling with something similar, either Amako or Nea was always there to give me advice and help me out. I can rely on Arc-san enough, but I still feel sad that the two people I should be are not there.

	I’ve been relying on them more than I thought I would…

	“…Hm, someone’s coming down.”

	The sound of someone’s footsteps coming down the stairs echoed from upstairs. I’m sure he didn’t bring anyone with him like Hayate-san did… Could it be Jinya-san himself?

	As I watched the stairs, bracing myself to see who would come, I was surprised to see an unexpected person coming down from the upper floor.

	A man with silver hair dressed in black and a woman with fiery red hair.

	If that were all, they would be ordinary people, but the two had one feature in common.

	“So, the captured humans are here?”

	“I don’t know. But we did find one that looks like it.”

	Brown skin, horns on his head.

	The two men, who shared the same species characteristics as Ferme, looked at me wide-eyed in the prison.

	The man who spotted us came closer to the cage.

	Naturally, the beastman soldier on guard tried to stop him, but when he saw the two men, he froze in fear.

	No doubt, these two are…

	“Demons.”

	“Yeah, that’s right.”

	The demon man affirmed the words I muttered to myself, and crouched down to make eye contact with me, who was sitting on my haunch.

	The moment our eyes met, I remembered a familiar feeling and understood it instantly.

	I knew immediately who was spying on me when I came to the land of the beastmen.

	“Nice to meet you? No, it’s been a while for me? No, I guess it doesn’t matter either way.”

	“That’s quite a pompous greeting. Is that a popular thing to do here?”

	“…haha.”

	The demon man, who looked puzzled for a moment, smiled even more, looking somewhat amused.

	“Well, I did it out of spontaneity. The guy behind me got mad at me later, so forgive me. See?”

	“That’s why the beastman soldiers were so scared of me, though.”

	“That’s your fault, isn’t it?”

	The demon man smiled cheerfully.

	What’s this guy doing here? Maybe this man and the woman in front of him are not ordinary. The more you look at them, the stronger and more dangerous they look.

	Both Arc-san and Hayate-san are aware of this, expressing caution.

	“It looks like you’ve been through a lot.”

	“Did you guys instigate Jinya?”

	When Hayate-san mentioned this, the man shook his head.

	“No, no. All we’ve done is negotiate.”

	“…Oi, mind your words.”

	“It’s fine. And I’d hate for them to think that this whole thing is our fault.”

	The woman behind him tried to stop him, but the man refused.

	“It’s not your place to hold a grudge against us here, okay? We’re just here to ask for your help. We have no part in what the bigwigs here are doing, or what they’re doing to you.”

	“So he’s… trying to antagonize the humans of his own volition?… What in the…”

	Maybe Hayate-san still believes in Jinya-san.

	Being a childhood friend, it can’t be a shallow relationship.

	“Beastmen have been oppressed by humans, you know. Wouldn’t it be strange if they weren’t hostile?”

	“Yeah, it’s not strange. But you see, many innocent compatriots were killed in the past battles between humans and demons! Our ancestors tried to live a peaceful life in the deep forest so that the beastmen would not fight anymore! And yet,… all the people of the beastman race are now involved in this war!”

	The man scratched his head, looking bummed out by Hayate-san’s words.

	“That hurts my ears. But hey, we only asked for your cooperation. Of course, we prepared an option to refuse, but it was your chief who accepted it, of all people.”

	“Yeah, I know. I know that what I just said is nothing more than an attempt to take it out on you…! But I can’t help but say it, can I? We’re going to get caught up in your war!”

	Although Hayate-san is not aware of it, the brunt of his words is directed at me as well.

	No matter how much of a pretext it was to visit the beastman country, the fact that I showed the letter to Jinya-san is a fact that cannot be excused.

	“Ah, I’m sorry about that. But just like you guys have your own circumstances, we have our own circumstances too… Well,…”

	The man shifted his gaze from the indignant Hayate-san to me.

	“I heard from the guys here. You’re a healing magician from the Kingdom of Lingle, right?”

	“…Are you here to kill me?”

	The healing magicians of the Lingle Kingdom should be hated by the Demon King’s army to the point of being the enemy of their eyes.

	It is not surprising that they would try to eliminate me, Rose’s subordinate and disciple.

	In fact, the demon woman with distinctive red hair behind the man is glaring at me with tremendous eyesight.

	However, unlike what I expected, the man shook his head in a funny way.

	“No thanks. I’m not under such orders, and now that you’re trapped in the Land of Beasts, I can’t touch you.”

	“Then why have you contacted us?”

	“Because I was curious about the healing magician who captured Ferme, who is being held captive in the Lingle Kingdom… Apparently, from the look on your face, I’m pretty sure it’s you.”

	Oh shit, I was caught off guard by my own upset.

	I was taken aback when Ferme’s name was mentioned.

	“The real one was different than I thought. As far as I’m concerned, I thought he’d be weaker, but you…, you’re a lot more blunt than you look. It’s no wonder Ferme didn’t come back.”

	I’m not sure how rude that was, but it was.

	Why do I have to be told this by someone I’ve never met before?

	“In the first place, you and I are supposed to be enemies. Why would you want to know anything about me?”

	“I’m taking a personal interest in you.”

	“…”

	I have a bad feeling that you’re interested in me.

	Even though I’m just overwhelmed by the current situation, it’s too troublesome to be interested in a demon race’s… moreover a person of considerable power.

	“That’s enough. There’s no need to say anymore.”

	The red-haired woman behind the man said this as they fell silent to each other.

	The man grumbled, but reluctantly stood up when the red-haired woman glared at him.

	“If you’re my subordinate, I wouldn’t mind a little flexibility.”

	“I’m your temporary subordinate. I didn’t come here to curry favour with you.”

	“Hahaha, okay. See you later, healing magician. I’ll look forward to seeing you again.”

	As for me, I don’t want to see you again…

	I’m relieved that he’s finally gone, but I notice the red-haired woman looking at me, and I tighten my loosened grip.

	“You have the same eyes.”

	“…What?”

	“Eyes filled with a strong will. I see, it seems to be true that you are his subordinate… Maybe there was a bit of a point to coming here.”

	The way she talks, she sounds like she knows Rose personally. Is there a connection?

	The red-haired woman took one last look at my face and then followed the man to the stairs.

	However, we and the demon men and women looked towards the stairs as someone else came down from the other end.

	“…Why are you here?”

	It was Jinya-san who came after the demon race.

	He had a surprised look on his face when he saw the two demons trying to climb the stairs.

	“I had some free time, so I came to see what kind of people came here. Was that a bad idea?”

	“I don’t like it when you act on your own.”

	“Haha, my bad. Well then, let’s just say that outsiders should stay back quietly.”

	“…I’m more on the side of stopping them, though…”

	The man and woman from the demon tribe walked upstairs, passing Jinya-san.

	After seeing them off and letting out a sigh, Jinya-san turns around and walks to the front of the cage.

	Looking closely, there’s someone behind him.

	“Amako!”

	“Amako-dono!”

	“…Usato.”

	Amako looks down.

	Jinya-san silently shifts to the side, letting her advance to the front of the cage.

	…Nea is gone.

	What do you mean? What was the purpose of Jinya-san bringing Amako here?

	“Amako, where’s Nea?”

	“I left her in her room. If you want to talk about it, I’m the only one who can…”

	Her expression was unreadable because she was lying on her face.

	What’s wrong, Amako? What’s going on?

	Arc-san is also looking at her with concern.

	“Usato. Don’t come to… save me.”

	“What do you mean?”

	“I saw the premonition!”

	Amako interrupted my voice, her shoulders shaking loudly as she spoke.

	“All my precious friends… Usato, Arc-san, all of you are going to die…”

	When she looked up so that only I could see her, her expression was far from sad, it was full of determination.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Amako’s words at the end might make you go “Hmm? at the end.





Chapter 132

	Author’s Note: This is from Hayato’s point of view.





* * *



	Amako’s words to her traveling companions Usato and Arc-san were enough to mean the worst for me.

	I didn’t miss the small smile on Jinya-san’s face as Usato and Arc-san were speechless and in despair.

	“Did you force… Amako to say that?”

	“Don’t get me wrong. This is Amako’s choice. This is the result of her working to prevent the future from becoming the future she saw.”

	“You’re the one who made her do it! How much more… despicable do you have to be to make yourself feel better…?”

	You were supposed to be an intelligent man, capable of making rational decisions at all times.

	How did it come to this?

	You took the mother away from one girl, and now you’re not satisfied with that, you want to take away her life. That’s not something that the head of the clan should be doing… no, as an adult.

	“You keep your mouth shut. I’ll at least listen quietly to your last parting words.”

	“…Tsk.”

	That’s how far you’ve fallen…!

	Until now, I might have been inclined to believe Jinya in my heart.

	I wanted to believe in you, my childhood friend who I grew up playing with. And yet, you’re trying to sacrifice even your childhood friend’s precious daughter.

	This is no longer the Jinya I knew.

	What I see here now is nothing more than a despicable man wielding the toy of precognition magic for nothing.

	I understood that fact to the point of disgust, so I didn’t say another word to him and turned my attention to Amako, Usato and the others.

	There was Amako with her head down and Usato with a frustrated look on his face.

	“What do you mean we’re going to die?”

	“I saw it in my premonition.”

	“…,So it’s really…?”

	“…Yeah.”

	Amako foresaw the deaths of both Usato and Arc-san. It implied that it was a future that could not be changed as long as the two of them tried to help Amako.

	Precognition magic is a special kind of magic that only women can awaken.

	It is a strange magic, as if it is destined not to be awakened by men who mainly fight, but its efficacy is uniquely powerful and different.

	The nature of precognitive magic, which is clearly different from existing magic, makes it possible to predict and change even the fate of the future from the present.

	For this reason, beast women who are awakened to precognitive magic have been called “Princesses of Time” and treated with great care.

	In a practice that has continued since ancient times, a girl with precognitive magic was born.

	Amako, the daughter of the previous Princess of Time, was born.

	Her precognitive magic was clearly different from that of the previous Princess of Time.

	Amako’s precognition was stronger than that of any previous magician of precognition.

	She was able to use her precognition magic, which is normally only used to foresee the future a little bit ahead and the future suddenly, to foresee up to a minute or more ahead even in normal times, and to see more vivid and accurate predictions in the form of dreams.

	What was most amazing was that she could choose the future, albeit under certain conditions.

	The prediction that she saw was the death of her friends Usato and Arc-san.

	The fate was so hopeless and cruel that I almost couldn’t handle the feeling of frustration and helplessness.

	“It’s too late. I can’t help mom either.”

	“Why are you giving up,…, you don’t know that yet.”

	“No. No matter how much I think about it, I can’t think of a way to help my mom by myself. I, more than Usato thinks, couldn’t do it alone… even if I tried my best… I’m not…”

	A sob escaped from Amako, whose shoulders shook as she turned her head.

	“In this country, there is no one who can help us except us here. You know that, don’t you Usato? This place is not so easy to get out of…”

	“That’s…”

	This is a prison that seals magic, built with rare rocks from deep in the forest.

	The place has been unused for a long time, but the magic-sealing effect seems to be in effect.

	In addition, the shackles on my hands are carved from a great tree that boasts of its strength and hardness, and are too strong for even a beast to remove. It’s impossible for a human with slightly superior physical abilities to break them.

	“That’s why I have no choice but to get the two of you out. But I’m sure Usato and Arc-san will try to save me.”

	“Of course I will! There’s no way I could just leave you and walk out of here!”

	“I don’t want to lose any more people I care about.”

	“…!”

	Usato turned over in frustration at Amako’s words. Arc turns away from Amako who is sobbing, as if regretting her own disappointment.

	I can’t see his expression, but it’s not hard to imagine.

	“Usato, forget about me already. Usato has a lot of things he has to do in the Lingle Kingdom, don’t you?”

	“…”

	“…Goodbye, Usato.”

	Finally, Usato turned over and became mute.

	Looking down at him, Amako gave a small nod and turned her gaze to Jinya.

	“I’ve already said everything I wanted to say.”

	“…You’ve been more fragile than I thought. Well, I guess the relationship between humans and beastmen is only this fragile.”

	“You don’t understand. Even if it takes you a lifetime, you will never understand.”

	“I don’t have to understand. It’s impossible to understand people.”

	“…Hmm.”

	After giving Jinya’s words a cold stare, as if he wasn’t interested, the hooded Amako went upstairs with her guards.

	Jinya, who was left behind, looked down at Usato and Arc-san, who remained silent, and began to speak in the same cold tone as usual.

	“You two will be released in three days. I will not renege on my promise to you in exchange for Amako herself.”

	With those words, I couldn’t stand it.

	It was painful to watch. He was forcing me to say goodbye that I didn’t want to do, and the person who made me do it was mocking me for being fragile.

	With anger, I shouted at Jinya.

	“Jinya!”

	“What?”

	“Tell me this lastly! Are you going to use the precognition magic you stole from Amako on yourself?”

	“…Ha!”

	Jinya scoffed at my words.

	What’s so funny, I almost got angry, but before I could, he opened his mouth.

	“No, I’m not. I’m not alone this time.”

	“Wha-…!?”

	“Amako’s precognitive magic will be given to me here, and to the elite of our country.”

	“Nonsense! As of two years ago, the magic to be transferred should only activate on one target!”

	“No, it’s developed. In secret.”

	While my mind was going blank, I understood why the chiefs had agreed with Jinya’s words.

	An elite unit that could use precognitive magic.

	A warrior who never missed an attack on their enemy, the embodiment of the picture-perfect world.

	Of course, some of the chiefs may have objected to this, but this man would not be surprised if he forced the chiefs to agree by taking their relatives hostage.

	“What do you think I kept you as my assistant for? You have a sense of justice and compassion, and you have the support of the people, so I wanted to put you in a position where you could be watched at all times. Why is that? It’s obvious, to keep the research secret. If you knew the research was going on, you would definitely try to stop it, wouldn’t you? That’s what got in the way.”

	“O-o-of course I will! I’m not going to let you do research that will result in someone else’s death! There are not only soldiers here, but also old people, women and children here too!!!”

	No, in fact, the only people who can fight are in the home country.

	The people living in the hidden village are good people who live a life unrelated to fighting.

	“So I have to live in fear of human shadows forever?”

	“Don’t change the subject! I’m talking about the people!”

	“You’re out of line. I can’t reach a conclusion talking to you.”

	“Which one is…!”

	The conversation was hopelessly out of sync.

	My words are not getting through to Jinya.

	I was talking about the people, but Jinya only gave reasons for being hostile to humans.

	I tried to say something back, but realizing that there was nothing more I could say to this man, I ignored Jinya and looked at Usato.

	There was a definite bond between Usato and Amako.

	There was a friendship that transcended the boundaries of race.

	And yet, being forced to part with her must have been more painful for him than I could ever imagine.





* * *



	After Jinya’s departure, a heavy atmosphere prevailed in the prison.

	After the farewell was announced by Amako, Usato and Arc sat in silence and did not show the slightest reaction.

	…It’s understandable, after they’ve been through so much. It’s not surprising that they were stunned.

	“Usato, that…”

	“Hayate-san.”

	At the same time I called out to him, he, who had been silent, called out my name.

	Surprised, I looked up as I replied back.

	“What’s going to happen to you, Hayate-san?”

	“Me… I’m probably going to be kicked out of here…”

	If the reason I was assisting him was to keep an eye on him, Jinya wouldn’t leave me as his assistant forever now that he no longer needed me.

	But…

	“I’m more worried about you guys than me. I’ll be fine if I get kicked out of here, but not you guys. Jinya promised to let you go, but he didn’t promise that you’d be safe afterwards. Worst case scenario, you could be assassinated in secret after you leave the country.”

	“…I knew it. Do you think the same way, Arc-san?”

	At Usato’s words, Arc opened his mouth that had been closed for a long time after pondering a bit.

	“Thinking normally, he wouldn’t think of letting us back alive, knowing about our alliance with the Demon King’s army.”

	“If that’s the case, how could Amako not come up with that idea? Yeah, I was just trying to make sure, but I’m glad I wasn’t wrong.”

	“Huh?”

	I was taken aback by the suddenness with which the two of them started talking, but what surprised me the most was that they didn’t feel a shred of the sadness that should have dominated the prison.

	I felt an inexpressible weirdness in their conversation, as if they were reconfirming their own situation.

	Perhaps they thought the same thing I did, but the soldiers on guard were also looking at Usato and Arc as if they were two different creatures.

	Just then, I heard the sound of someone coming down from the stairs on the ground.

	The person who came down was a female beast wearing a Hinomoto soldier’s uniform. It was hard to see her face in the dimly lit prison, but perhaps she had come for a change?

	“It’s time for your shift.”

	“Isn’t it early? I don’t think it’s time yet. And what’s with the luggage? You’re not supposed to bring anything in here that you don’t need.”

	“…Tsk.”

	The moment I heard what sounded like a tongue lashing, I thought I saw the eyes of the beastly woman who had taken my turn glowing suspiciously.

	Was it an… optical illusion? Or is she tired?

	As she rubbed her eyes with her shackled hands, the beastly woman recited the same words to the soldier on guard as before.

	“It’s time for a change. Understood?”

	“Uh, yeah…”

	The soldier on guard walked away from the scene with a feverish expression on his face.

	I can’t see much in the dark, but I don’t recognise her. A new soldier, perhaps? After watching one of the guards leave, the woman looks around and then walks over to our cell, carrying what looks like a package that she has hidden somewhere.

	…What is it? What are you going to do?

	“It looks like you got the message, Usato.”

	“Yeah.”

	“…What?”

	A dumbfounded voice leaks from the conversation, which is not what I expected.

	The woman, or rather the girl, took out a prison key from her pocket.

	“You should be grateful, right? I’m here to help you.”

	“You’ve saved me again this time. Thank you, Nea.”

	“Thank you for saving us.”

	Usato and Arc-san stood up with a dazed look on their faces.

	Who is this girl in front of me? From the looks of it, she looks like a beastman soldier, but their reactions are so open that it’s hard to believe they’ve only known each other for a couple of days.

	Not able to keep up with the situation, Usato suddenly raises his hands in front of his chest—and easily shatters the shackles with a bang…?

	“If it had been a little later, I would have escaped on my own.”

	“What?”

	You could’ve made it out on your own?

	What? You can? Then why did you just sit there and let it happen?

	“It’s funny that you could really do it. I went through a lot of trouble to get here, so you should at least let me help a little. Oh, and I’ve brought Arc’s weapon.”

	“Thank you… Usato-dono, can you take mine off as well?”

	Arc-san asked Usato as if it was natural for him to be able to destroy it, and my confused mind became even more confused.

	“Of course. I’ll break Hayate-san’s now, too.”

	“Ah, ah…, that’s not what I meant! What the hell is going on here?

	Usato easily removed the shackles from the female soldier I didn’t recognize.

	I don’t know what’s going on anymore.

	Where’s the somber mood I was in just now?

	Sensing my confusion, Usato grabbed the shackles on my arms and smiled fearlessly.

	“Just as planned.”

	“…Eh, for what?”

	“Amako’s.”

	He shattered the shackles with a bang.

	Yeah, it really is as easy as snapping a piece of wood… Oh, are the fetters rotten on the inside?

	After throwing away the shackles that had been turned into pieces of wood, Usato tilted his head to look at the beastly girl called Nea, who had used the key to open the prison.

	“Why do you have dog-like ears?”

	“Oh, did you notice that? I figured I had to start with a disguise, so I grew dog ears. Do you like it?”

	The girl posed with her black ears as if it was alive.

	Usato smiles at her.



	“If you think about it, you have too many attributes, don’t you?”

	“What do you mean by that? And also, what do you think?”

	“Yeah yeah, it’s cute, cute.”

	“Gugugu, it’s disgusting that it’s appropriate…!”

	The girl snarls in frustration, but Usato brushes her off and turns back to me, who’s still stunned in my prison cell.

	“I’ll explain the plan later. For now, let’s get out of here.”

	“Ah, oh!”

	Maybe they are even more tremendous than I imagined.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	It’s supposed to be a conversation between Amako and Usato full of serious elements, but from the perspective of knowing Usato, it’s full of discomfort…

	Nea has acquired the kemonomimi attribute.





Chapter 133

	After being rescued by Nea and successfully leaving the prison, we were walking up the stairs leading to the ground with Hayate-san, who still hadn’t grasped the situation.

	“Nea, is everything okay with Amako?”

	“Yeah, it’s night now so it’s deceiving. From their side, I’m just a familiar owl, so they don’t seem to think I’m that dangerous.”

	Hayate-san who was behind me let out a squeak of surprise at Nea’s comment about being a familiar.

	“A familiar demon? Wait you mean that girl is a demon! Even humanoid demons are rare, but I can’t believe she’s a familiar demon…”

	“I’m not going to go into the details, but I had Nea disguised as an owl to follow Amako.”

	“I-I see, I guess they won’t suspect a thing if she’s an owl…”

	“That’s right.”

	A familiar demon on its own is not considered that dangerous.

	In addition, Nea naturally plays the role of a carefree owl that doesn’t seem to pose any threat, so it’s not obvious that she’s a powerful demon.

	“But I don’t know what the plan is. What was the point of the conversation between you and Amako?”

	“First of all, Amako told us that she saw a prediction that we were going to die. Even if it was a correct prediction, she’s not going to give up like that now.”

	The premonition that saw me being stabbed by Nea.

	Amako had absolute faith in her prediction, so she thought that the future would turn out exactly as she predicted. However, she learned and learned that you can’t understand the whole future, just one aspect of it.

	There was no way she could have said that she should give up because she saw the prediction.

	I’m sure she’d say with a straight face, “This level of prediction won’t kill Usato.

	In the first place, I knew it was a lie when she said all her friends, but didn’t include Nea.

	“Moreover, I’m not sure how you’re going to die. You’re a monster that would fight a dragon head on. Let alone a human like Arc.”

	How dare she explain it like that to Hayate… I’ll punish Nea later.

	Remember this when you return to the Kingdom of Lingle, I’ll give you to Inugami-senpai with your dog ears on…!

	“And that’s the part where she said that she’s alone. First of all, Amako is not alone.”

	“…, I see. Because Amako had this girl with her…”

	There’s also Bluerin, though.

	She only dared to mention mine and Arc-san’s names in that place, so I noticed.

	“The other thing is that… Amako said she couldn’t come up with any ideas on her own.That’s the first inkling indicating that Amako was lying, so I decided that Nea had found the clue that would save Amako’s mother. Right, Nea?”

	I called out to Nea as she walked in front of me, and she turned around, looking a little surprised.

	“Well, I’m not sure, but I did find one. But… I’m surprised you came up with that idea. Are you really Usato? You’re kind of too perceptive and weird… Oh, I’m sorry. I apologize, but please stop clapping your hands in my ear.”

	“…Huh. Because there’s no way you’d know about ‘Towa’ and not look into it.”

	My guess is that I knew Amako’s words were a lie in the first place.

	As for Nea, she’s been lurking in the background lately, but she’s always had a curious nature. It would be unnatural if Nea didn’t go to investigate after learning about the special magic tool called “Towa”.

	“The thing I was most worried about was whether or not you would come to our aid. Well, I could have broken the shackles and the cage and escaped, but then the noise would have alerted them and caused a commotion. So I waited for you until the sunrise.”

	“So that’s why you guys have been so quiet for so long…”

	“It’s an act to make it look like we’re depressed.”

	“Even Arc…?”

	Chuckling at Hayate-san’s words, Arc-san nodded, and he slumped his shoulders dejectedly.

	I guess he was worried about me.

	He must have been angry not only for Amako’s sake, but for ours as well.

	“Nea, have you seen Blurin? If you know where he is, I’d like you to take me there.”

	“Don’t worry about that. I brought him with me when I came here. I found him by accident at… and she’s with me.”

	“Her? Did you bring anyone else with you?”
