dared to snatch the Dry Spirit Pill, so of course he had some special
techniques prepared. He slapped his bag of hold, and SOOYOuNA |
121
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
flicked his sleeve. Six flying swords appeared. Their sword auras
interlocked and then whizzed outward, away from Meng Hao.
“BOOM!”

Meng Hao let out a small shout of pain which reverberated into the
mountains. When the two pursuing Cultivators heard the explosion,
they gasped with astonishment, unsure of what had happened to
produce such a sound.
Amidst the thunderous roar, Meng Hao spat out a mouthful of blood.
And yet, his body shot away into the distance. Behind him, the effects
of the attack dissipated, and the Flame Serpents collapsed with
blood-curdling shrieks. The fifth-level Cultivators had no choice but to
retreat a few paces, covered in dirt, their faces filled with disbelief.
“Dammit. What ruthlessness! He detonated six flying swords at once!”
“No wonder he opened up a shop! How many flying swords does he
actually have?”
The two of them each sucked in a breath, but didn’t hesitate. Using
the full speed of their Wind Walking technique, they raced in pursuit
again, unwilling to let Meng Hao intimidate them.
According to their estimations, Meng Hao could not have that many
flying swords left. Even if he had opened a shop in the Low Level
Public Zone, he couldn’t possibly have so many magical items.
“This time, you will die for sure!” The two pursuers increased their
speed, entering the wild mountains. At this point, the pursuing fourthlevel disciples caught up. One of them was Wang Tengfei’s friend
Shangguan Song. His Cultivation base was at the peak of the fourth
level of Qi Condensation. His face was grim. He secretly feared Meng
Hao’s speed. And yet, he continued to pursue.
Time gradually passed by, and soon an hour had passed. Meng Hao
continued forward, maintaining the distance from his pursuers. A few
times he came into danger, but each time he produced a flying sword,
detonated it, and escaped.

This left the pursuing fifth-level Cultivator’s dumbstruck. They
moaned to themselves, never having imagined that Meng Hao would
have so many flying swords. At this point, he had detonated nearly
twelve of them.
Combined with his sword-riding technique, his speed of evasion was
quite high.
SOOYOuNA | 122
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Dammit! Even if he has more flying swords, I can’t believe that he’ll
produce many more. In any case, at the speed he’s been
maintaining, plus detonating all those flying sword, he has used a
huge amount of spiritual energy!”
“Correct! His Cultivation base is at the fourth level of Qi
Condensation, not nearly as deep as mine. Using spiritual energy to
ride flying swords wastes so much, it can kill you!” The two pursuing
fifth-level Cultivators were now getting pumped up. And yet just as
they finished talking, they caught sight of Meng Hao up ahead, and
they saw something that left them feeling anything but reassured.
Even as he ran, Meng Hao pulled out a second bag of holding, from
which he produced a handful of medicinal pills which he swallowed.
This he did with casual ease, leaving the onlookers with the feeling
that he had countless medicinal pills at his disposal.
Actually, that was true. In the following four hours, the two pursuers
discovered that he had an enormous amount of flying swords and
medicinal pills. They were already deeply shaken.
“Opening a store is this profitable?” they thought. They were
Cultivators of the fifth level of Qi Condensation, and could not
possibly be without medicinal pills. Furthermore, after having spent so
much effort in their pursuit, they couldn’t bear to give up. Reluctantly,

they produced some pills and consumed them, then continued their
pursuit, their hearts filled with the desire to slay Meng Hao.
By the time the sixth hour had arrived, the dark, black mountain had
appeared in front of Meng Hao. Lying concealed among the other wild
mountains, it gave off a ghastly, cold air. It seemed as if it were filled
with sinister gloom.
When he caught sight of the mountain, his eyes gleamed. He had
expended a lot of energy along the way, and felt a bit of painful
regret. To him, every flying sword and every medicinal pill cost Spirit
Stones. But he couldn’t worry too much about that right now. Without
hesitation, he shot into the black mountain.
The two pursuing Cultivators followed him in.
Some more time passed and more pursuers appeared, one by one.
Upon seeing the black mountain, they gaped in astonishment, then
entered.
SOOYOuNA | 123
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 21: MENG HAO, YOU’RE SHAMELESS!
The black mountain was not bare, but rather covered with a lush
forest of trees that stretched up toward the heavens. The reason this
place was called a black mountain was because all the trees were
completely black, and it seemed to be filled with swirling Demonic
energy.
It was completely different from any of the other mountains as far as
the eye could see.
Upon entering the mountain, Meng Hao heard a deep roar, and two
Demonic beasts of the third level of Qi Condensation charged toward

him. They had the bodies of wolves with long snake-like tails and
were covered with thin fur. They glared at him hatefully.
As soon as they approached, Meng Hao stopped, then lifted up the
copper mirror and shined it upon them. Instantly, one of the Demonic
beast’s right eye shot out a geyser of blood. It let out a miserable
shriek, frightening its companion. Meng Hao’s eyes flashed. This
time, the mirror had exploded the Demonic beast’s eye, not its
buttocks. A similar thing had occurred when he fought Zhao Wugang.
He didn’t have any more time to think about it. Even as they moved to
evade him, he hurtled past them.
As for the two fifth-level Cultivators, they raced in pursuit, infuriated.
Their flying swords shot out, instantly slaying the two Demonic
beasts. They didn’t even stop to collect the Demonic Cores. Their
bodies seemed to become rainbows as they raced in pursuit of Meng
Hao.
“This is a Demonic mountain. I’ve heard that a Demon King lives on
the peak. Meng Hao, fleeing to this place is just a way of seeking
your own death.”
“There’s no need to flee. Come back and we can discuss things,
maybe make a trade.” The two Cultivators called after him as they
pursued, their voices seemingly sincere, but their hearts filled with
murderous intentions.
Meng Hao neither looked back nor responded to their calls, instead
speeding along in the direction of the peak of the mountain. Before
long, he ran into a group of seven or eight Demonic beasts. Most of
them seemed to be at the third level of Qi Condensation. After cowing
them with the copper mirror, he made his escape. Of course, the two
fifth-level Cultivators had no such ability, so they had to massacre
their way through. Then, covered with blood—
demonic blood, of course, not their own—they continued in pursuit.
They were starting to grow exhausted. During the battle, they had

used up even more medicinal pills. But as the saying goes, if you ride
a tiger, it’s hard to get off. Gritting their teeth, they continued their
pursuit.
SOOYOuNA | 124
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“They’re still after me...” Meng Hao, his face grim, had already
reached the farthest point he had ever travelled on the black
mountain. If he went any further, it would be difficult to avoid Demonic
beasts of the fifth level of Qi Condensation. A hard look appeared on
his face, and with clenched jaw, he proceeded onward toward the
mountaintop.
After time passed enough for half an incense stick to burn, a low roar
suddenly sounded out, seeming to cover half of the mountain. Like a
dark wind, a multi-colored giant wolf came toward him, howling. The
wolf had legs six meters long, and bright red eyes which shone with
killing intent. Suppressive fifth-level Qi Condensation spirit roiled
away from it.
If it had been alone, it would not have counted for much. But behind it
followed a group of five smaller multi-colored wolves with Cultivation
bases at the peak of the fourth level, as well as another fifth level
wolf. Their fierce howling filled the air.
Meng Hao’s eyes glittered, and without hesitation, he lifted the copper
mirror and shone it toward the wolves. A miserable shriek poured out
from the mouth of one of the wolves and blood poured out from its
chest as if it had been stabbed. The other wolves looked on in shock,
retreating unconsciously.
Moments later, unsure of what exactly was happening, and full of
guesses, he gritted his teeth and proceeded forward. Two flying
swords appeared beneath his feet, carrying him forward over thirty
meters in an instant. Further behind appeared the two fifth-level

Cultivators. When they saw the pack of Demonic wolves, their
expressions dropped. Even though they pursued Meng Hao together,
they still had to guard against each other. This area was still in the
jurisdiction of the Reliance Sect, but once outside the gates of the
sect, it would not be a rules violation for one of them to kill the other.
Amidst pursuit, it would have been no big deal, but now they were
facing a crisis. The two fifth-level Demonic wolves looked at them
threateningly. That, not to mention the rest of the smaller Demonic
wolves, caused the two to quickly come up with a plan. Immediately,
they split, one running off to the left and the other to the right.
They moved quickly, but the Demonic wolves moved even faster.
They were sentient Demonic beasts, and already felt an astonishing
fear of the copper mirror, as well as, Meng Hao. Amidst their furious
roars, however, he had made his escape, whereupon two Qi
Condensation fifth-level Cultivators invaded their territory.
The Cultivators had no time to consider their fury. They ran, pursued
by the howling Demonic wolves. In moments they had fled far away.
Meng Hao let out a sigh. Look up toward the mountaintop, and then
back toward the fleeing Cultivators, his eyes flashed.
SOOYOuNA | 125
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Those Demonic beasts will cause them a bit of trouble, and will keep
them off my tail for a while. But the fourth two-hour period is almost
here. The pill beacon will shine again, and then they’ll be able to find
me.” Meng Hao looked again toward the mountain top. He clenched
his jaw and ran forward.
Shortly after that, a beacon of light burst out of his bag of holding,
shooting up into the sky.

Even someone a great distance away would be able to see it clearly.
Every two hours, the beacon would appear, as it had already a few
times today. This was the fourth time.
Meng Hao proceeded carefully, trying to avoid as many Demonic
beasts as possible. Most of the ones he saw were of the fifth level of
Qi cultivation, so of course he feared them. It seemed they preferred
to move about in groups, not alone, so even though the copper mirror
provided some protection, he did his best to move around them. As
such, his speed was reduced, and he could not run.
Time slowly passed, nearly an hour. Suddenly, a massive, furious
roar sounded out throughout the whole mountain. At the same time,
Meng Hao burst out from the thick forest, a worried expression on his
face. Chasing him were seven or eight psychic Demonic apes. They
were furious, and extremely fast, pursuing Meng Hao with unbridled
fury.
Three of them were of the fifth level of Qi Condensation, and this
made Meng Hao groan inwardly. He had been very careful so far, and
hadn’t imagined that even as he carefully made his way around the
troupe of Demonic apes, the mirror would of its own volition suddenly
attack them, exploding one of the apes whose fur was so long it
dragged on the ground. This of course raised the fury of the rest of
the Demonic apes.
“Even if it is a Demonic ape with super long fur, it doesn’t mean you
have to act like this,” said Meng Hao bitterly, looking at the copper
mirror in his hands. He realized that he still didn’t fully understand all
the mysteries of the mirror. Now, though, he didn’t have time to think
about it. He ran down the mountain away from the Demonic apes.
Looking back, he saw that the apes were closing in on him, so he
waved the copper mirror, and another miserable shriek rang out. At
that exact moment, Meng Hao saw that ahead of him, which was
about the halfway point down or up the mountain, glittered the aura of
flying swords.

His eyes shone and he raced forward. In an instant he was almost
upon a group of four Cultivators of the fourth level of Qi
Condensation. One of them was Shangguan Song. They were in
close combat with several Demonic bears. Blood filled the air, and it
appeared that they had the upper hand, as the corpses of two
Demonic bears lay at their feet.
“Meng Hao!” They caught sight of him almost as soon as he caught
sight of them, and their eyes filled with murderous intent, especially
Shangguan Song’s.
SOOYOuNA | 126
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
They appeared to be exhausted. Their journey in the black mountain
had been wrought with battle. Originally, they had been ten strong,
but most of them had already given up. The four remaining had
exercised control over their Cultivation bases with gritted teeth and
followed after the pill beacon until they found themselves in this brave
fight against the Demonic bears.
When they caught sight of Meng Hao, their eyes grew red, and they
subconsciously wanted to switch the target of their flying swords’
attacks.
“Dear Brothers, I received your orders to attract the attention of this
troupe of Demonic apes.
Quick, make your move!” As Meng Hao approached, he ignored the
flying swords and shouted his words loudly so that the pursuing
psychic apes would be sure to hear.
Even as the words were out of his mouth, shockingly furious roars
reverberated from behind him as the seven or eight psychic apes
burst out from the trees, their red eyes glowing.

“Meng Hao, you’re shameless!!!”
“Dammit, you’re too despicable!”
The four men’s faces fell, and they tried to fall back, cursing Meng
Hao. But the fight with the Demonic bears wouldn’t permit it. Meng
Hao, who was still worried about the whole situation, had already
passed them, and the red-eyed Demonic apes charged forward
furiously.
Meng Hao looked back at the four of them, killing intent appearing in
his eyes. He slapped his bag of holding, and some flying swords shot
out with a low hum.
“BOOM!”
The explosion thundered out, as the flying swords exploded. Meng
Hao instantly sent two Flame Serpents to follow them, and several
nearby trees exploded into bits. Borrowing some of the momentum
from the explosion, Meng Hao swallowed a mouthful of blood and
shot away. Behind him, the four Cultivators were impeded by the
explosions. As for the Demonic apes, they had lost sight of Meng
Hao. But the Cultivators were right there in front of them, so they
attacked instantly.
Miserable screams rang out, and Meng Hao continued onward
without a backward glance.
“This place isn’t too bad... it’s just a bit dangerous.” Meng Hao ran
along, until he was sure the Demonic apes weren’t following him,
then stopped, panting. He looked around.
SOOYOuNA | 127
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“It’s not easy to keep hold of a Dry Spirit Pill,” he murmured. He
looked down at his bag of holding and let out a sigh, feeling

somewhat distressed.
“I’ve already wasted thirty-one flying swords, and each one of those is
basically a Spirit Stone.
I’ve also consumed several medicinal pills, each of which is also
equivalent to a Spirit Stone.
And it isn’t even the fifth two-hour period yet...” Meng Hao laughed
bitterly, feeling twisted at heart.
“In the end, if I can consume the Dry Spirit Pill and make a
breakthrough in my Cultivation base, then it will all be worth it!” Veins
of blood had appeared in his eyes. He was like a gambler who
intended to win at any cost, and had gone all in.
“If those four fourth-level disciples don’t get killed, they’ll definitely be
exhausted, and I doubt they’ll be willing to continue their pursuit. Now,
all I have left to worry about are the two fifth-level Cultivators.” His
expression grew somber. His opponents had higher Cultivation bases
than him, and there were two of them. It would be difficult to stand up
to them, and as far as he was concerned, it wasn’t worth it to kill
them. The cost in Spirit Stones would be too great.
He rested for a bit, looking up at the mountaintop. Then he gritted his
teeth and began to run.
The fifth two-hour period arrived quickly, and almost as soon as the
pill beacon shot up into the sky from his bag of holding, he heard the
sinister voices of his two opponents coming from either side of him.
“Meng Hao, you can’t escape!”
“Hand over the Dry Spirit Pill to me. I can let you die with your corpse
intact. Otherwise I’ll leave you here for the beasts, and nothing will
remain of you.”

Even as their voices echoed off into the distance, the two Cultivators’
bodies flashed like rainbows as they charged towards Meng Hao.
Determination filled Meng Hao’s eyes and he fled onward. It
appeared that up ahead was the resting place of some Demonic
beasts.
SOOYOuNA | 128
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 22: A SWORD RESTING IN DEMONIC PYTHON SKIN
Not much time had passed. It seemed as if the entire black mountain
were seething. The roars of Demonic beasts shook the air, rising and
falling one after another. Even more frequent were the miserable
shrieks which sounded out. The ten or more Cultivators who had
dared not further their pursuit into the mountain looked pale. Fear
filled their hearts, and now they were even less willing to enter the
mountain than before.
“What happened? How come it seems like all the Demonic beasts in
the whole mountain are in a rage?”
“What’s going on? Elder Brothers Yin Tianlong [1] and Zhou Kai [2]
are both of the fifth level of Qi Condensation, but even they would
have a hard time raising the wrath of the entire mountain. Could they
have use some unique and special technique?”
The small crowd at the foot of the mountain made their guesses,
listening to the deafening roars.
As far as Yin Tianlong and Zhou Kai, they had already been
tormented to near madness by Meng Hao’s tricks. They watched
helplessly as Meng Hao moved about up ahead in the distance, along
with vast amounts of Demonic beasts. Based on the hatred in their
eyes, if looks could kill, Meng Hao would have been dead several
times over.

Yet, within the hatred was helpless exhaustion that only Yin and Zhou
could truly understand.
Every time they had begun to chase Meng Hao again, he had
constantly used some sort of Demonic magic to provoke all types of
Demonic beasts. With the mere flick of a sleeve, he would cause
some part of a Demonic creature’s body to explode. The stench of
blood filled the air, slowly driving the creatures crazy.
Seeing so many Demonic creatures made their scalps go numb, as
the creatures didn’t just pursue Meng Hao. Once the creatures
caught sight of the two of them, they would begin chasing after them.
Then, some distance away, Meng Hao would slip away like a loach.
“Dammit! I curse you to die in the belly of the beasts! !” roared Zhou
Kai. Next to him, Yin Tianlong sighed, looking even more exhausted.
Time slowly passed, and the beginning of another of the two-hour
periods approached. In the darkness of night, the pill beacon was
dazzling. As it revealed Meng Hao’s position, Zhou and Yin gnashed
their teeth and pursued. As usual, Meng Hao used his Demonic
magic to provoke more Demonic beasts, then led them to Zhou and
Yin, whereupon he would watch them disappear amidst the pack of
furious creatures.
SOOYOuNA | 129
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“How can he have not been devoured by a Demonic creature
already!?” Zhou and Yin were exhausted to the bones, whereas Meng
Hao skipped and jumped about, filled with energy.
Seeing this, hatred filled them to the marrow, and their gums itched
with hatred. But there was nothing they could do.

In truth, Meng Hao was also exhausted. Every time the pill shone, he
was forced to immediately arouse the attention of some Demonic
beasts. Of course, the copper mirror allowed him to stop the fastest
creatures screaming in their tracks, thus giving him time to escape.
Were it not for that, he would have long since dropped to the ground
in fatigue.
Suddenly, he realized that he had reached the top of the mountain.
The ground was covered with fissures and crevices, some of them so
large that a person could easily fit inside. Panting, Meng Hao sat
down behind a boulder to rest, looking down at the copper mirror in
his hands.
It was burning hot, as if everything that had happened today had
made it incredibly excited.
With a bitter smile, Meng Hao looked around and noticed a massive
fissure up ahead, out of which seeped a thick black mist.
Just then, a roar suddenly erupted from the giant fissure, the same
roar that earlier had quelled all the fierce beasts on the mountain. The
roar seemed capable of shaking the whole world. It resounded like a
thunderclap. In an instant, the entire area was clear of all Demonic
beasts, as if the entire mountain now contained only this roar.
The roar seemed to vibrate even Meng Hao’s mind, dispersing all the
spiritual energy within his body. His facial expression changed. This
roar was familiar. In his previous visits to the regions near the black
mountain, he had heard it. It was a sound which curdled both blood
and Qi, leaving one’s mind filled with unease.
As the roar sounded out, Meng Hao forced his eyes to remain open
and watch as the black mist poured out of the fissure. As the mist
dispersed, Meng Hao was able to see a huge black python, over six
meters thick, with a heinous and fierce countenance. About half its
length had suddenly moved out of the fissure.

It looked to be in pain, and its fierce roar shook heaven and earth.
Meng Hao spat out a mouthful of blood. He leaped out from the
behind the boulder and flew down the mountain, not daring to remain
behind. But then he stopped, his curiosity having gotten the better of
him. When he went back to take a second look, he noticed something
interesting.
The python’s body, half of which was visible sticking out of the fissure,
seemed to peeling. It looked as if it had two sets of skin. It coiled up
on itself, rubbing the outer skin to shed it away.
“It’s shedding?” Upon recognizing what was happening, Meng Hao
sucked in a breath. He knew that pythons were weakest during the
time in which they shed their skin. It took a while for it to happen,
especially if the python were demonic in nature. With a body as large
as this one, it would probably take even longer, perhaps several
years.
SOOYOuNA | 130
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“No wonder you can hear it roaring all the time. It must have been in
the process of shedding for years.” His gaze shifted, and he noticed
something else in addition to the python.
Upon closer inspection, he gaped in amazement. It was a flying
sword. It appeared to be exceedingly primitive, with no special
characteristics at all. But, it had been stabbed deeply into the
python’s body. It appeared to have been there for quite a long time,
many years perhaps.
The area around where the sword had stabbed into the body was dry
and withered, which attested to the power of the sword.
“This demonic python has a Cultivation base of at least the seventh
level of Qi Condensation, perhaps the eighth. Maybe even the

ninth...” His mouth grew dry. He could only imagine how tough the
python’s skin was, which only further attested to how amazing the
primitive-looking flying sword was.
“A flying sword which can stab a demonic creature like this must be a
true treasure.” Meng Hao palpitated with eagerness, then let out a
dejected sigh. With a Cultivation base at the fourth level of Qi
Condensation, acquiring the sword was little more than a dream for
him.
Even if he were at the fifth level, it would be equally impossible.
Shaking his head, he headed down the mountain, eyes glittering.
There was still something important to accomplish. The copper mirror
in his sleeve continued to boil, and soon, he had a handful of
Demonic beasts following him, howling.
A few hours passed and dawn broke. The last of the twelve two-hour
periods would soon end.
Zhou and Yin had already given up all hope. They stared up at Meng
Hao, who sat cross-legged further up the mountain.
If the two of them made the slightest move, he would rile up a group
of beasts, and not only would they not succeed in their goal, they
would most likely be injured. Couple that with their exhaustion, and
the only thing they could do was gasp for breath and stare
venomously at Meng Hao.
“Dammit. Meng Hao, how could you escape me!?” Zhou Kai panted
for breath then let out a helpless howl. Meng Hao really was a loach
that could come and go like a shadow within the jungle.
“Don’t you have your own skills?” said Yin Tianlong, who wasn’t very
far away. Able to neither kill nor pursue, he was half mad, and his
words seemed to contain no logic. “Can you just, not flee? There’s no

need to use such wicked demonic magic to send beasts after us.
Why don’t we have a fair fight?”
SOOYOuNA | 131
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“My Cultivation base isn’t as high as yours, how could I fight you?”
said Meng Hao, also panting.
“If you want to keep chasing me, I don’t really have any other choice.”
He swallowed another medicinal pill.
Never before in their lives had Zhou and Yin ever met anyone as
seemingly unreasonable as Meng Hao. They both felt regret at heart.
If they had known it would turn out like this, they would never have
chased after him to steal the pill.
Time slipped by, and the hour approached for the sealing spell on the
pill to dissipate. Yin Tianlong let out a long sigh. With a bitter laugh,
he shook his head. There was nothing left he could do. He couldn’t
pursue or attack, lest he be forced to face Demonic beasts. His
medicinal pills were exhausted, and he had lost two flying swords.
How could he even attempt to steal the pill...? Of course, that was not
to mention his opponent’s tactics. His dazzling, wicked ideas seemed
to have no end. Even the slightest bit of inattentiveness would lead to
injury.
With a humiliated sigh, he gave one last look at Meng Hao, then
turned and headed down the mountain, finally tormented into
surrender.
As he left, Zhou Kai felt wracked with indecision. Dawn approached,
as did the ending of the twelfth two-hour period, and with it, the
unsealing of the medicinal pill in Meng Hao’s bag of holding. Zhou Kai
stamped his foot hatefully, then, without a word, turned and left. He
was convinced that Meng Hao was just too hard to deal with. In fact,

there was fear in his heart; if he didn’t leave this place now, perhaps
he never would.
Meng Hao watched the two of them leave and head down the
mountain. He let out a very long sigh, and felt exhaustion fill his body
like floodwaters. He bit his tongue and woke up a bit, then hurried off
into the distance. He didn’t leave the black mountain, but rather made
his way to the mountaintop. There was the Demonic python there, but
generally speaking it was relatively safe. After all, the python needed
time to complete its transformation, and its roars kept away other
Demonic beasts.
Meng Hao found a fissure in the rocks and sat down cross-legged.
He glanced down at his bag of holding, suddenly feeling
apprehensive.
“I wasted so many medicinal pills, each one worth Spirit Stones. Let
me calculate... including thirty-seven flying swords and more than
forty Demonic Cores, that comes to... one hundred ninety-eight Spirit
Stones. One hundred ninety-eight.” His body trembled, and he felt
quite upset.
“Thankfully, the twenty-four hours is now up,” he said, trying to
comfort himself, “and the Dry Spirit Pill is mine.” Pushing aside his
disappointment, he forced his mind to be clear, then, looking around
to make sure it was safe, he pulled out the copper mirror and began
to make copies of the Dry Spirit Pill.
SOOYOuNA | 132
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Mid-day arrived, and Meng Hao looked down at the pills in his hands.
Ten Dry Spirit Pills. He forced out a smile, but disappointment was
still visible in his face. It took a lot of Spirit Stones to copy a Dry Spirit
Pill, many more than were required for a Demonic Core. Now he
understood the exchange rates required by the copper mirror.

He clenched his jaw, then popped one of the pills into his mouth.
“Fifth level of Qi Condensation! I have to reach the fifth level!” His
eyes grew bloodshot, filled with resilient determination. He sat in
meditation and began to rotate his Cultivation base.
Booming sounds resounded through his body as boundless spiritual
energy erupted out of the Dry Spirit Pill, causing the spiritual forces in
Meng Hao’s body to turn into a spinning vortex which suddenly
spread outward in all directions.
Time went by slowly, and days passed. When Meng Hao, his eyes
closed, broke through the fifth level of Qi Condensation, the black
mountain was filled with the roars of the python. Its transformation,
like Meng Hao’s, seemed also to have reached a critical juncture.
1. Yin Tianlong’s name in Chinese is 尹天隆 (yǐn tiān lóng) – Yin is a
common family name.
Tian means “Heaven” or “sky.” Long means “prosperous,” “swelling,”
or “the sound of drums”
2. Zhou Kai’s name in Chinese is 周凯 (zhōu kǎi) – Zhou is a common
family name. Kai means
“victorious” or “triumphant”
SOOYOuNA | 133
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 23: AN ANCIENT BEAST
As Meng Hao sat in secluded meditation in the small mountain
fissure, rumors about what had happened regarding the Dry Spirit Pill
began to ripple out. This was especially true when Zhou and Yin
returned. Many people saw them, but of course none dared to ask
about who had ended up with the Dry Spirit Pill.

Because Meng Hao didn’t appear, rumors began to spread that he
had died.
At that exact same moment, Wang Tengfei stood with hands clasped
in his Immortal’s Cave on the East Mountain. The mountain breeze
caused his hair to waft about and his long robe to rustle. He seemed
exceedingly perfect in every way, especially his face, which was so
beautiful and flawless that it could send women mad.
As a matter of fact, a mere nod of his head could drive crazy not just
the young female Cultivators of the Reliance Sect, but of the
Cultivation World of the entire State of Zhao.
His gentle eyes, amiable disposition, beautiful features, superb latent
talent, refined Cultivation base, astonishing family background... all of
it seemed to prove that Wang Tengfei deserved to be Chosen, which
in turn caused people to respect him even more. He was blessed by
heaven.
He stood there, an enchanting smile on his face, his eyes seemingly
filled with stars as he stared off into the distance. His gaze seemed to
almost bore directly through the mountain ranges to fall directly onto
the black mountain filled with Demonic beasts.
He stared for a long time, his eyes flickering with an indiscernible
excitement.
“The time has come,” he said, his smile light but his heart afire. “I
spent three years digging through the ancient records, then another
year searching high and low throughout the State of Zhao. After that,
I waited for two more years here in the Reliance Sect. Finally, today
has arrived. Before the Winged Rain-Dragon died, it flew to this
place.
“I never imagined that the two most important things to me would
relate to the Reliance Sect.

Is my destiny really to be realized here? After the current matter is
ended, I will enter the Inner Sect and being my plans regarding my
Foundation Establishment.” His smile grew even more enchanting.
“Elder Brother Wang, we are prepared,” said a man who stood behind
Wang Tengfei. His Cultivation base was at the fifth level of Qi
Condensation. He spoke with utmost respect. “Even SOOYOuNA |
134
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
the members of the other Sects are assembled according to your
requirements. We shall certainly succeed. Unfortunately, Shangguan
Song hasn’t returned, and we don’t know where he is. It’s not certain
whether or not he was able to invite Master Uncle Shangguan.”
“Very well,” said Wang Tengfei with a smile. “We’ve been preparing
for this matter for a long time. According to my deductions, the
Demonic python is almost at the end of its two-year shedding period.
The moment it completes the process, it is at its weakest.” His eyes
grew brighter. Not only had he spent years in preparation, he had
been required to pay the price of four valuable treasures, as well as
tens of thousands of Spirit Stones, to prepare the spell. Even for him,
it was a price which could only be paid once. As of now, he had
nothing left.
“Don’t worry, Elder Brother Wang. We will definitely succeed. Allow
Junior Brother to congratulate you in advance on acquiring the Core.”
“Of course we will succeed. I, Wang Tengfei, have never failed.” He
laughed, and his expression grew even more resplendent. If the
ancient records were correct, he would return with a valuable
treasure that would accompany him for the rest of his life, and also an
ancient legacy which would allow him to control heaven and earth. As
for the Demonic Core, it could have been considered a treasure when
it was in its prime. But after all these years, it would have faded, and

would not be as effective. However, it could still help him break
through from the sixth level of Qi Condensation to the seventh.
“Tomorrow at dawn, we shall go to the black mountain,” said Wang
Tengfei mildly. With a smile, he rubbed his right arm. Hidden
underneath the sleeve was a red mark. He rubbed it, and his eyes
once again flashed with excitement.
It was a mark left by a Blood Drop which had fallen onto him from the
Heavens when he was six years old. After that day, he was
surrounded by a dream in which he flew through the air and became
a sovereign of the sky.
With the Blood Drop had come knowledge of a legacy, as well as a
special sense, which, when coupled with the information from the
records of two-hundred years ago, had enabled him to find a thread
of a clue which had led him here.
“No one in the entire world except for me could do this. And that is
because I am connected to the legacy, and have the Blood Drop,
which is unique in the world.” He gazed off toward the black
mountain, his smile even more entrancing, filled with anticipation.
“If this was still the era of Patriarch Reliance, then he would definitely
take control of the dragon. But he’s been missing for four hundred
years. That is good fortune for me. According to the ancient records,
as well as my own investigations, I know that when the dragon came
here two hundred years ago, its aura had been suppressed by the
treasure. Few people realized that. Even though this is Reliance Sect
territory, the area has powerful restrictive spells. Not only was there
no aura emanating out, even if there were, no one would have been
able to SOOYOuNA | 135
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
sense it. And even if someone entered the area, their vision would
have been blocked by the magic, and they would have been unable

to see it.
“As for the Demonic python, it has spent most of its time in slumber. It
was only because of the shedding process that it began to roar and
howl. Only when the Demonic python sheds its skin fully will the
restrictions dissipate, and it will be safe to enter. Thanks to my Blood
Drop legacy, I was able to deduce these matters. No one else
understands even the half of it.
“A valuable treasure, a complete legacy, all there, waiting for Wang
Tengfei!” His smile growing wider, he flicked his sleeve and walked
back into the Immortal’s Cave. Moonlight circled around him, unwilling
to part from him. The mystical scene caused the other Cultivator’s
expression to be filled with even more veneration.
The next day at dawn, atop the black mountain, in that virtually
invisible fissure, Meng Hao’s entire body had grown crimson red.
Sweat poured off him, and massive amounts of black filth oozed
continuously out of his pores.
He had been in mediation for several days, but now his eyes opened.
Outside, the roars of the Demonic python grew more intense. It
seemed it had reached a critical juncture of its own.
Meng Hao was not distracted, though. He focused and rotated his
Cultivation base. He pushed over and over again, but the fourth-level
bottle neck was still there. His eyes red, he swallowed ten Dry Spirit
Pills, whereupon his head began to buzz, and his body trembled
violently. A loud ripping sound could be heard, and it seemed as if his
body were floating like a piece of paper in the wind.
Inside his body, his Qi and blood vessels sparkled like crystal, nearly
transparent, like an otherworldly omen. The spiritual energy in his
body whirled, forming a magnificent lake. It wasn’t a big lake, but it
was a lake nonetheless.

The lake, the Core lake, existed in Meng Hao’s dantian region, quite
heavy.
Meng Hao knew that he could control the power and enable it to erupt
with the power of the fifth level of Qi Condensation. To a Cultivator
who had reached Foundation Establishment, it was weak and
insubstantial, but as far as Qi Condensation went, the fifth level was a
watershed, the second watershed being the seventh level, followed
by the ninth.
His head buzzed for quite some time. Eventually, Meng Hao slowly
opened his eyes, and they glittered like they had before. A burst of
popping sounds rang out. He seemed to have grown a bit taller, and
though his skin was still dark, a new air emanated from him.
SOOYOuNA | 136
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“The fifth level of Qi Condensation.” Meng Hao took a deep breath,
then smiled. He had reached the fifth level of Qi Condensation. Now
he could practice the Wind Walking technique.
That, combined with flying swords, would give him much greater
speed both in movement and attack. It was completely beyond the
fourth level.
“Dry Spirit Pills really are beyond ordinary,” said Meng Hao, looking
down at the two Dry Spirit Pills in front of him. “But, they still have
their limitations. Perhaps after consuming a lot of them, they will
become less effective, just like the pills in the past. I wonder if I will be
able to use them to get to the sixth level of Qi Condensation.” As he
contemplated this, his expression suddenly changed. The roars of the
Demonic python now carried a tone of misery. Booming sounds rang
out. Meng Hao leaned forward, and he looked outside of the fissure.
As he looked, his pupils constricted and his hands clenched into fists.

Not far away on the mountaintop, was a white-robed youth,
extraordinarily beautiful, as if his perfect body was a blessing from
heaven. A golden flying sword rotated around him, and the wind blew
furiously around as he battled with the Demonic python.
It was none other than... Wang Tengfei.
He smiled calmly, and his kind, amiable eyes made him seem like the
sun. He seemed to glow, as if he could eliminate all the shadows
around him.
When he attacked, he seemed perfect, as if the Heavens approved
his each and every movement.
Around him were at least nine others, one of whom was Shangguan
Xiu. He flicked his sleeves as he took the lead in battling the Demonic
python. As for the others, all of them had Qi Condensation levels of
the seventh level or higher. All were strangers whom Meng Hao had
never seen before. They surrounded the Demonic python, preparing
to kill it. Booming sounds rang out, and the python let out astonishing
roars.
Meng Hao stared at Wang Tengfei, not moving a muscle. But deep in
his eyes was a dark look that slowly grew, replacing any mildness
until it filled his eyes.
After a short bit of time, the Demonic python’s roars grew more and
more miserable, and wounds covered its body. Blood splattered
everywhere. This truly was its weakest state. The surrounding
Cultivators attacked even fiercerly. Wang Tengfei smiled, as perfect
as ever, his eyes filled with an indiscernible excitement.
He had waited for this day for a long time.
SOOYOuNA | 137
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

Suddenly, from to peaks of nine surrounding mountains, shining
silvery light coiled up and linked together to form a spell. The spell
ever so slowly filled the air, then broke into countless silver threads
which then turned into a silver fog that shot down toward the ground.
It seemed that they were preparing to seal the Demonic python.
But, just then, the python looked up toward the Heavens and let out a
roar which resounded out over the black mountain, shaking
everything. Suddenly, on top of the python’s head appeared the
ghostly image of a beast.
The creature was bright red, with enormous wings and a hideouslooking head. Its sharp claws glittered, and it had a long tail. The
instant the phantom appeared, the swirling winds in the sky seemed
to change colors, and astonished expressions appeared on the faces
of everyone present. Only Wang Tengfei’s eyes appeared more
excited. Fortunately, the ghostly image appeared for only a moment,
then disappeared.
When the ghostly image disappeared, the Demonic python shot out
of the deep fissure, its body sleek and smooth. It let out a frightening
roar and spit reddish mist out of its mouth, an attack which then shot
out in all directions. The Cultivators couldn’t avoid it, not even Wang
Tengfei, and they could only watch helplessly as it enveloped them,
then shot out into the distance. Because of the attack, when the silver
fog fell from the sky, it didn’t just fall down upon the Demonic python,
but Wang Tengfei and the others as well.
As the silver fog descended upon them, Meng Hao’s heart began to
thump wildly. Before, he had seen a sword sticking out from the
Demonic python’s body. But as of now, the sword was nowhere to be
seen. Without the slightest hesitation, he leaped up and, moving
faster than he ever had in his life, jumped onto a flying sword and
shot toward the top of the mountain and the large fissure.
“Go! Go! Go!” Meng Hao said under his breath. Without any regard
for safety, he charged into the fissure-like cave, ignoring the strange

odor which filled the air. As he moved deeper into the cave, he saw a
massive snakeskin, stuck into which was the small, primitive-looking
sword.
Without even a pause, he grabbed the sword, his heart thumping,
face flushed with excitement.
Just as he was about to leave, his eyes widened. Despite his extreme
level of excitement, he was still able to gasp in shock. The thing really
was a python skin, but it was also something else, something
shockingly frightening that Meng Hao had never before seen in his
life.
It was... the corpse of a creature. A massive, shriveled corpse,
several hundreds of meters long.
The black mountain seemed to be hollow inside, and the creature’s
corpse filled more than half of it.
Also visible were two gigantic, mostly disintegrated wings. Despite
being dead, the creature’s massive, hideous head was incredibly
frightening. This creature looked the same as the ghostly
SOOYOuNA | 138
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
image which had just appeared, and now it was clear that the socalled Demonic python was actually the creature’s tail.
“A tail that becomes a demon!” said Meng Hao, stupefied. “What
Demonic beast is this?! If it’s a Demonic beast... it must have a
Demonic Core!” He clenched his jaw. Based on his experience
collecting Demonic Cores, it wouldn’t be located in the creature’s
belly. Most Demonic Cores were located in the head. He dashed
toward the horrific-looking head, and with a swipe of the primitivelooking sword, split it open. Sure enough, inside was a shriveled

Demonic Core. He grabbed it, and was about to leave, when
suddenly his heart began thumping even harder.
From his current position, he could see that beneath the head of the
creature’s corpse was a skeleton.
Who knew how many years the skeleton had lay crushed under the
head. Next to the skeleton was a golden-colored bag of holding.
Blood boiling, Meng Hao suddenly had the feeling that his destiny
was thick in this place. He had acquired the sword, the Demonic Core
and now a golden bag of holding. He snatched it up, then shot out of
the cave like the wind, and then down the mountain, filled with
incredible excitement.
“I’ve struck it rich! This time, I’ve really freaking struck it rich!”
Meng Hao had only been inside the cave for the space of about ten
breaths, and in ten more, he was gone from the mountain. The
moment his shadow disappeared, a shape began to descend from
the silver fog that hung in the sky. It was a person wearing a white
robe; Wang Tengfei. With a flick of his sleeve, he floated down slowly.
He looked around for a moment, then sped toward the cave.
SOOYOuNA | 139
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 24: WHO WAS IT?!
Wang Tengfei looked so excited that if anyone could have seen him,
they would have been shocked. No one had ever seen such an
expression appear on his face.
To other people, Wang Tengfei was a Chosen, with a mild expression,
amiable smile, and beautiful appearance, perfect in every way.

But at the moment, he could not help but show his excitement. He
had prepared for this moment for years, had spent so many
resources, all to get to this point, a point he had looked forward to for
years. He would finally have a treasure he could carry with him for his
entire life. His heart nearly burst with frenzied excitement.
One of the main reasons he had joined the Reliance Sect to begin
with was to acquire this treasure.
Moving as fast as he could, he entered the cave. When he caught
sight of the massive, frightening corpse, he let out a loud laugh and
his eyes glowed. He dashed toward the creature’s tail, the part that
had turned into the Demonic python. He searched about for a while,
whereupon a look of confusion appeared on his face. His eyes
widened. After looking across the entire corpse, he stood there
looking dumbstruck.
“What’s going on...? It can’t be. The treasure can only be acquired
after the python sheds its skin. The only safe time to enter is right
now. How could it not be here? It’s impossible!” A heinous look filled
his eyes, and his head spun. He searched the corpse again, seeking
out the place where he remembered the sword should have been
sticking out. When he found it, it was clear that the sword had already
been taken. Wang Tengfei’s body began to shake, and an
unbelievable fury appeared in his eyes. He let out a howl that shook
the entire black mountain.
That was when he noticed that the corpse’s head had been split open
and the Demonic Core removed. When he saw the skeleton, his
mood sank even deeper, and he barely even looked at it.
His whole person appeared savage with fury. He dashed outside and
pulled up his sleeve, hoping to get some reaction from the Blood
Drop on his arm. But there was no reaction whatsoever. In fact, it was
as if the Blood Drop had been wiped away!
He searched the black mountain high and low but found nothing.

SOOYOuNA | 140
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
In the end, he returned dumbly to the cave and looked at the
creature’s corpse. He let out another shrill shriek.
“I spent three years searching the ancient texts. Three years, with no
time for Cultivation! I spent hundreds of thousands of Spirit Stones
before I found the clue from two hundred years ago that led me to the
Flying Rain-Dragon!” His body trembled, and his face contorted. Any
beauty at all in him was gone, replaced by madness.
“I spent a year searching throughout the State of Zhao, in the
mountains and the wilds. I went everywhere, all the districts. The
reactions of the Blood Drop finally led me here!” His eyes red, he
clenched his fists angrily. Anyone who saw him like this would surely
be shocked in the extreme.
“For the treasure, I deigned to begin my spiritual studies in this
damned Reliance Sect. Dammit, Dammit! I’ve had to endure for
nearly three years already!!!” His heart ached, as if it had been
stabbed with an invisible sword that smashed his arrogance to
pieces. Up until now, he really had never believed that he could
possibly fail.
“To prepare the spell to suppress the dragon, I spent all my remaining
Spirit Stones!! I used some precious influence from my Clan to
suppress information about the ancient Flying Rain-Dragon from
getting out. I even refused the aid of my Clan-members because I
wanted the treasure and the Legacy to be the true starting point of my
training!
“Who was it? Who took my treasure!?” His body trembled violently,
his head buzzed, and his blood roiled. He had spent so much, and
someone else had benefited. He spit out a mouthful of blood onto his
white robe, staining it red.

It was like a man in the mortal world who paid the bride-price, bought
a luxuriously decorated mansion, found the most beautiful bride, then
arranged an amazing wedding feast to which he invited countless
friends and family. Then, in front of everyone’s eyes, filled with
anticipation, he entered the nuptial chamber and saw his beautiful,
blushing bride in her red wedding gauzes, then threw himself upon
her...
Only to suddenly find he had become a different person. Everything
that belonged to him was suddenly being enjoyed by some other
bloke. Even his face had been taken away!
“Who took my ancient Cultivation sword!?” Wang Tengfei again
shouted mournfully, then spit out another mouthful of blood. He
staggered backward a few paces, his face pale, his eyes burning with
madness. He couldn’t accept it, not at all. Never before had he failed,
ever. This, coupled with his arrogance, caused his heart to be filled
with a powerful, humiliated fury.
SOOYOuNA | 141
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Who stole the treasure I planned to use to rebuke the Cultivation
world!?” As he thought about the price he had paid to reach this point,
he coughed up another mouthful of blood. His robe was now almost
completely red as he staggered backward.
“You didn’t just take the treasure, you took the Demonic Core.
Without that, I can’t break through to the seventh level! Who are
you?! Who are you who took away my fortune! That was my treasure,
that was my Demonic Core!!” His face twisted with madness as he
continued his search, but to no avail.
His miserable roars reached Meng Hao’s ears as he fled for his life.
His eyes glittered excitedly, and he ran even faster.

“I’m rich. Really, really rich.” His heart raced and his mouth felt dry,
and his speed increased until it far exceeded his previous speed
limitation. Only a short time passed before he reached the Immortal’s
Cave on the South Mountain.
He had guessed that the treasures he’d taken were very important to
Wang Tengfei. Since he had virtually stolen them, he could not very
well announce their existence publicly. He wanted to hide himself
away as well, but if he did so, it would only attract more attention to
himself.
Instead, he should place himself in the open and attach himself to a
position of reason, be bold and assured, with justice on his side.
He licked his lips, and his eyes fairly shone. Even though Fatty still
had the jade slip that opened the Immortal’s Cave, Meng Hao still had
another jade slip given to him by Elder Sister Xu, which he knew
could open the door. If there were only one key, how could she have
opened the door when he sat counting his Spirit Stones that one
time?
When he entered the Immortal’s Cave, he didn’t see Fatty. At first, he
was worried. But then he realized that even though Fatty looked
naive, he was actually quite clever, and wouldn’t let himself be taken
advantage of. Not thinking about it any further, he sat down crosslegged, took a deep breath and pulled out the golden bag of holding.
He grew even happier at the sight of it, and when he opened it, he
started to murmur softly to himself.
“It’s so big. It seems it can hold... what?” Before he even finished his
sentence, his body grew stiff, and he sucked in another breath. When
he looked in the bag of holding, his mind went blank, then began to
buzz.
“Holy crap! Holy crap! I really am rich!!” His hands trembled as they
gripped the bag of holding.

It took a few moments for him to get his thoughts in order again. He
pulled out a Spirit Stone with a shaky hand.
The Spirit Stones in the bag were not quite the same as his other
Spirit Stones. About as big as a finger, the Spiritual energy which
swirled about in them was not dense, and they also SOOYOuNA |
142
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
contained a strange swirling mist inside. And the sheer amount...
inside the bag of holding were over two thousand Spirit Stones!
He had never seen such a vast amount of wealth in his entire life. He
could not even breathe for a moment. His body trembled, and he
stared blankly. Other than the Spirit Stones, the only things in the bag
were some articles of clothing and a few other miscellaneous items.
Sweat began to drip down Meng Hao’s forehead. It wasn’t hot inside
the Immortal’s Cave, but his body felt as if it were burning. After a bit
of time went by, he began to laugh, a hearty laughter filled with joy.
“These Spirit Stones are strange. They’re big, but their spiritual
energy is just average. But the quantity, hahaha...” After some time
passed, he got himself under control. Licking his lips, he pulled out
another of the objects he had acquired, the withered Demonic Core.
He looked at it, his eyes gleaming intensely. He took a deep breath.
“That gigantic Demonic beast must have been dead for many years.
Eventually, its tail transformed into a Demonic python. It must have
been incredibly powerful when it was alive.
And its Demonic Core...” Meng Hao’s breathing grew ragged as he
looked at the hard, dried out Core. He brought out the copper mirror,
intending to make some duplicates.

Almost as soon as he pulled it out, and before he could even place
the Demonic Core on its surface, the mirror suddenly began to burn
so hotly that it almost injured Meng Hao’s hand.
An invisible force burst out from the mirror, charging toward the
Demonic Core.
A bang sounded out as the Core in Meng Hao’s hand was struck by
the invisible attack. In an instant, another invisible force shot out from
the copper mirror and struck out at the Demonic Core. It was as if the
Demonic Core had suddenly turned into a long-furred Demonic
creature, and the copper mirror had gone mad with the desire to
destroy it.
Meng Hao was dumbstruck. He instantly grabbed the mirror, and,
enduring the pain, shoved it back into his bag of holding. The
Demonic Core dropped to the ground with a thump, a multitude of
small cracks now visible on its withered surface.
“Dammit. This is a Demonic Core, not a furred Demonic beast.” Meng
Hao painfully hurried to pick up the Core.
It was a good thing the withered Demonic Core had a tough outer
crust. The copper mirror’s violent attack had damaged its surface,
and now, a small gleaming pellet was visible, from which wafted the
aroma of dense spiritual energy. It instantly filled the Immortal’s Cave
and caused his eyes to glitter. Considering the violent reaction of the
copper mirror, he didn’t dare to attempt to duplicate it. He hesitated
for a moment, then stored it away.
SOOYOuNA | 143
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
After taking another deep breath, he pulled out the third of his
acquisitions, the small, primitive-looking sword. Holding in front of
him, he smiled.

“This sword is incredibly sharp. It could stab into the Demonic python,
and was even able to split that giant demon’s head open. It’s
definitely something special.” He looked at the small sword in his
hand. It was made not of gold or iron, but wood. On its surface were
some faint lines of gold that seemed to have some sort of magical
properties. Even though it seemed primitive, even just thinking about
the wooden flying sword and its incredible sharpness made Meng
Hao incredibly excited.
SOOYOuNA | 144
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 25: SOVEREIGN OF HEAVEN
“This treasure must have a special history.” Meng Hao swung the
wooden sword, then stabbed it into the ground. It went in easily.
Smiling, Meng Hao pulled it out, even happier than before.
Suddenly, he lifted his head, looking surprised. He sensed that the
spiritual energy in the Immortal’s Cave was suddenly thinner than
before. Actually, it seemed to have completely disappeared.
Even though there wasn’t originally a huge amount of spiritual energy,
for all of it to disappear should not be possible. Spiritual energy was
the Qi of heaven and earth, which pulsed through various mountains
like great arteries. The Reliance Sect was just such a place. It should
be impossible for the spiritual energy to suddenly dry up for no
reason.
Curious, Meng Hao stabilized his aura and concentrated, casting his
senses about. Suddenly, he looked back at the wooden sword,
disbelief covering his face. He had just discovered that all the spiritual
energy in the room had been absorbed by the wooden sword.
“The sword... it can absorb spiritual energy?” Meng Hao was
shocked. After a moment, he slapped his bag of holding and

produced a Spirit Stone. After placing it next to the sword, he
watched as the Spirit Stone slowly grew dark over the space of about
ten breaths.
He picked the Spirit Stone back up, feeling a bit sad at the loss of a
Spirit Stone, but excited at the same time.
“This sword... it truly is a great treasure.” He gazed at the sword with
a look of determination, then slowly drew it across one of his fingers.
With ease, it sliced open a cut. Meng Hao focused on his Cultivation
base. Sure enough, he felt the spiritual energy in his body being
sucked out continuously through the cut.
He covered his finger, excitement clear in his eyes. Within moments,
the wound had healed, and Meng Hao gazed at the sword, laughing
foolishly.
“If I used this sword when battling a magic-user, all I would need to do
is cut them, and their spiritual energy would be drained away and I
could trample over them. Too bad I only have one. If I had two, or ten,
or a hundred, then I could drain my opponent’s spiritual energy even
faster. How astonishing would that be...?” An image appeared in his
mind of himself wielding a hundred wooden swords, all stabbing into
Wang Tengfei’s body.
SOOYOuNA | 145
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
His journey into the black mountain, and spending all those Spirit
Stones, had definitely been worth it.
With that thought, he suddenly took a deep breath and pulled out the
copper mirror.
“I wonder how many Spirit Stones...” He hesitated for a moment, but
couldn’t stop thinking about how amazing the sword was. He placed it

down onto the mirror. As soon as it touched the surface, the mirror
flashed, and the sword was sucked inside. Meng Hao had never seen
this happen before, and it caused him quite a shock. He tried to grab
the mirror to stop it, but was too slow. The wooden sword was gone.
“What’s going on? Dammit, mirror, I went through a lot of painful
hardships to get that sword, you, you, you... okay, calm down, calm
down.” Panting a bit, he forced himself to grow calm.
After considering for some time, he took out a Spirit Stone and placed
it onto the mirror. It disappeared.
“Hmm. Has it already started the duplication process?” Meng Hao’s
heart thumped, and with an anxious expression, he put in another
Spirit Stone. One, two, three... A disheartened expression appeared
on his face. The mirror was like a bottomless hole. Before much time
had passed, Meng Hao had already put two hundred Spirit Stones
into it.
“Dammit, dammit...” He wanted to stop, but refused to get to this point
and have nothing to show for it. Also, he knew that if he gave up now,
it would essentially mean giving up the mirror’s duplication ability.
He could only endure his frustration and put more Spirit Stones in.
Three hundred, four hundred, all the way to one thousand. His face
grew pale. His hand shook as he held out another Spirit Stone.
“When will this end, mirror? Are you stealing all the Spirit Stones I just
got?” He gritted his teeth. He’d already dropped in one thousand
Spirit Stones. He couldn’t give up now. With eyes as bloodshot as a
gambling addict, he threw in more Spirit Stones. Finally, when he
threw in the two thousandth stone, the mirror began to shine with
bright, multicolored light, indicating that the duplication had begun. By
this point, Meng Hao was a bit numb. He stared mutely at the
multicolored light, which slowly dissipated over a few seconds.

When the light was gone, there were two identical wooden swords on
the mirror.
When he saw them, some of the color returned to his face. He picked
them up, feeling a mix of emotions from sadness to anger to pain. All
he could do was comfort himself.
SOOYOuNA | 146
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“It’s okay, no problem,” he muttered to himself through clenched
teeth. “What are a couple thousand Spirit Stones worth anyway? Just
a trifle. You can’t get something new without giving up something old.
It’s worth it to have two of these wooden swords.” He spoke the word
“trifle” with a bit of bitterness. He quickly put the copper mirror away
and looked again at the two wooden swords. He sat there for a while
thinking about their power. Slowly, he began to calm down.
Determination once again filled his eyes. After a while, he put the two
treasured wooden swords away. As for the second sword, it was
worth two thousand Spirit Stones as far as Meng Hao was
concerned.
With a bitter laugh, he sat there cross-legged in meditation, waiting
for the spiritual energy in the Immortal’s Cave to return. Suddenly, his
eyes opened, and he retrieved the Demonic Core from his bag of
holding.
“Even though I just broke through to the fifth level of Qi
Condensation, who knows how much progress my Cultivation base
will make if I take this pill...”
With a determined look, he swallowed the Demonic Core and closed
his eyes. His body began to vibrate. The Demonic Core dissolved into

an incredibly dense flood of spiritual energy which instantly inundated
Meng Hao.
The density of this spiritual energy was beyond any medicinal pill
Meng Hao had ever consumed. In fact, there was no way to even
compare it to anything. The Core exploded with a white brightness,
sweeping over Meng Hao’s body. Blood sprayed out of his mouth and
his body shook. But he held on, and the Core lake grew larger and
larger. Moments later, Meng Hao experienced a feeling of
boundlessness.
With each pulsing expansion, he felt a severe pain and his body
shook even harder. His face grew pale, and he gritted his teeth as
hard as he could.
Then, the Core lake began to churn and roil, and an astonishing level
of spiritual power began to form. Despite the pain, Meng Hao could
sense his Cultivation base expanding from the initial stage of the fifth
level to the middle stage. Time passed, although he wasn’t sure how
much. Accompanied by the thundering of the Core lake, his
Cultivation base climbed even higher to the peak of the fifth level.
Then, his head buzzed, and his Cultivation base suddenly broke
through the fifth level and entered... the sixth level of Qi
Condensation!
And not just the initial stage of the sixth level, it continued to climb to
the middle stage of the sixth level. Then it slowly began to stop. The
clothes on Meng Hao’s body had been reduced to ash. Only the bags
of holding remained at his side. Black filth completely covered him,
but if SOOYOuNA | 147
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
you looked closely, you would see that his skin sparkled translucently,
as if rays of morning sun emanated from it.

His hair was longer, reaching down to his shoulders, and he was a bit
taller. His body no longer seemed frail and weak, but rather tall and
slender.
His features were still somewhat swarthy, but his countenance shone
with a strength too difficult to describe. It was otherworldly.
His Core lake seethed and churned, filling his entire body. Deep in its
recesses, the Demonic Core settled down. For some reason, it didn’t
dissolve, but rather sat there, unmoving.
If it only just sat there, it would not be anything to think about. But
when his Cultivation base reached the sixth level, his head buzzed,
and within the buzzing, he felt the indistinct pull of some sort of
Legacy. It seemed to be emanating from the Demonic Core, settling
onto his mind like a branding iron.
It must be some sort of Blood Legacy from the Flying Rain-Dragon,
left for its weak, young offspring. As it had approached death, it fused
the Legacy into its Demonic Core. The Demonic python must have
intended to consume it after shedding its skin. And of course, Wang
Tengfei, possessing a Blood connection to the Legacy, had lusted for
the same thing. Sadly... Meng Hao got it first.
Meng Hao suddenly found himself dreaming. He was flying in the
middle of the sky, rebuking the highest heavens, rocking the earth,
surrounded by churning winds and clouds. He was the Lord of the
heavens, and when the other flying beasts looked at him, they
trembled as if they had lost the qualification to fly, and would let him
slaughter them.
He was the a sovereign of the sky, Chosen, worshiped by all
creatures. It seemed as if it were an ancient age, very long ago.
That feeling of flying in the heavens left Meng Hao feeling almost
crazy, almost in love with the feeling. He flew for a long time, and the

entire time, a multitude of fierce beasts retreated from him in fear, and
countless people on the ground prostrated themselves in worship.
With the wind and earth beneath him, only the heavens could match
up to him, but he was their equal.
Then, he reached a lake, and he lowered his head to look at himself.
He was a dragon, several tens of thousands of meters long, with two,
massive wings, each one also several tens of thousands of meters
long. He possessed an indescribable power which could shape the
world.
SOOYOuNA | 148
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
His head was fierce and savage, and he had an incredibly long tail.
All of it merged together to form a boundless nobility which created
an electric buzz in Meng Hao’s mind. His mind seemed to rip open,
and a voice rang out.
“I am the Flying Rain-Dragon of ancient times!” It filled his mind, filled
the world, and left everything trembling. All the living creatures
roared. The ancient Flying Rain-Dragon’s Qi and blood vessels had
long since vanished from the earth, but some of its descendants still
existed.
Although they might be weak, the Legacy still existed.
At that exact moment, on the East Mountain of the Reliance Sect, in
his Immortal’s Cave, Wang Tengfei’s face grew dark. The fury in his
heart nearly made him go mad. He had tasted failure, and was having
a hard time accepting it. No matter how many times he tried to use
the Blood Drop to sense the Legacy or his opponent, nothing
happened. He didn’t know what was happening.

“Did you find it?” said Wang Tengfei, suppressing the fury in his heart
as he lifted his head to look at the young man standing in front of him.
It was the other young man who had accompanied him that day in
addition to Shangguan Song.
SOOYOuNA | 149
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 26: BEWILDERMENT
“Elder Brother Wang, I secretly checked around and asked quite a
few disciples throughout the Sect. I don’t think I left anything out.”
This young man was also famous in the Reliance Sect, but in front of
Wang Tengfei, he was completely respectful. He had never seen
Wang Tengfei like this, and was a bit hesitant. He had begun
speaking with a respectful bow. “I even looked around in the
Servants’ Quarters and followed up on Zhou Kai, Han Zong and
some others. At that time, there were thirty-seven people who weren’t
present in the Sect. Of those thirty-seven people, I eliminated twentynine as suspects. Among the rest, there are six of whom there is no
evidence to suggest they were at the black mountain. Only two were
definitely there. Meng Hao and Han Zong.”
Wang Tengfei looked more and more angry. He raises his hard eyes,
which caused the young man’s heart to grow cold. He nervously
lowered his head.
“Han Zong was also at the black mountain... Meng Hao?” Wang
Tengfei frowned. Meng Hao’s name sounded familiar to him.
“Meng Hao is... the person who injured Elder Brother Lu,” the young
man said hastily.
Wang Tengfei’s face grew darker, and his heart burned. He had
planned for so many years and expended so many resources. For so
long, he had taken the whole matter to be concluded before it began.

It was his great victory, something he could take back to his clan to
refine them. But then, it was snatched away from him. When he
thought of the sword, his face twisted in pain. That was his tool to
rebuke heaven and earth. And when he thought of the Legacy of the
Flying Rain-Dragon, his heart wept.
Before today, he had been fully self-confident, completely assured of
his success. Everything belonged to him, that was just his good
fortune. Only he was qualified to have such good fortune. Yet he then
met an unexpected defeat, a blow he had never imagined he would
receive. He found it extremely difficult to accept, as if the heartrending turn of events had not actually happened.
Breathing deeply, Wang Tengfei opened his mouth to speak, but then
suddenly began to tremble as a burning pain arose on his right arm.
He lifted up the sleeve and stared at his arm, watching as the Blood
Drop slowly disappeared. There was nothing he could do but watch it
go away, and after it had left, his beautiful features twisted with fury
and defeat. The Legacy was gone. He coughed up some blood.
He knew that at this moment, the person who had snatched away his
treasure was now fully connected to the Legacy. He would never
again be able to use the Blood Drop to sense anything, because the
Legacy had already chosen the other person.
SOOYOuNA | 150
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
When the young man in front of him saw this happen, he grew
frightened. He was about to take a step forward when Wang Tengfei
suddenly lifted his head up and shouted, “Beat it!”
His booming voice reverberated, and the young man’s face went
white. He had never seen such a succession of different expressions
on Wang Tengfei’s face. His body cold, he left.

Within the Immortal’s Cave, Wang Tengfei’s eyes grew red and his
mind seethed as he thought of Han Zong and Meng Hao. He could
not help but think about the day he had looked down on the Outer
Sect ants in the square.
He frowned, his face growing more somber. He thought about how
the Blood Drop wasn’t able to sense the legacy, and how it had been
wiped out by his opponent. Regardless of if it were Han Zong or
Meng Hao, neither of them should have been able to do it.
“Just who are you?!” His eyes shot with blood, he slapped his bag of
holding and a flash of silver light appeared and coalesced into a
silver, octagonal spell device, which floated in front of him.
He stared at it for some time, then determination filled his eyes. This
was one of the spell devices he had prepared for one of the
mountains surrounding the black mountain. After being used, it
needed to regenerate for several hours, whereupon it could be
reused.
He had already decided that he would activate the spell device, and
even if it injured him, he would cast his senses inside to see who was
present that day in the black mountain region.
Looking at the silver spell device in front of him, Wang Tengfei bit his
tongue and spit out a bit of blood. As the blood splashed onto the
spell device, his fingers flickered in an incantation pattern, and
suddenly his head hummed and his awareness flickered. Amidst the
indistinct feeling, he was suddenly able to sense several auras
emanating out in waves.
“One, two... nine people that I invited to help me, these are their
auras...” Wang Tengfei’s face grew pale; the spell device in front of
him began to quiver, and cracks appeared on its surface.
But he didn’t give up, and instead continued to cast his senses into it.

A vague outline began to appear in his mind, filled with several dots
of light. Ten of the lights were familiar to him, and another one of
them belonged to Meng Hao.
In addition to those, there was another light. Wang Tengfei
concentrated for a moment, then was certain it was Han Zong.
Unfortunately, the spell device could only keep a record of who was in
the region of the seven or eight mountains surrounding the black
mountain, not their specific location.
SOOYOuNA | 151
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Wang Tengfei frowned, and then suddenly noticed that the outline in
his head contained...
another light!
It was faint, and if he had not looked closely he would have missed it.
Without pushing the spell device to the breaking point, to the limits of
its power, he wouldn’t have been able to sense it.
“This is...” His heart trembled, and he concentrated, but even as he
did so, his body shook and he coughed up blood. The spell device
shattered. Pieces of it shot out, hitting both him and the walls of the
Immortal’s cave.
His face white, he coughed up more blood, looking incredibly afraid.
When sensing that last light, his mind had begun to tremble, as if
whoever it belonged to could crush him to death with a single
thought.
The spell device could only give him an approximate feeling
regarding aura level, not the target’s Cultivation base. But for the aura
level to cause such a reaction left him frightened beyond belief.

“Who was that?!” said Wang Tengfei, shaking. His fear left him certain
that this fearsome person was definitely the one who could so easily
rip away his Blood Spot sense.
His heart cold, he lifted his head and breathed deeply. After some
time passed, he had recovered his senses. But the memory of that
faint light pressed down on him with the weight of a mountain.
“How did this person know about the black mountain affair...? Could it
be that they have been following me in my search...? Who was it...?”
***
Time passed, and eventually the dream ended. Meng Hao opened his
eyes, unsure how many days had passed, nor of how his Cultivation
base had changed. He felt as if he had been dreaming for a very long
time.
When the dream concluded, Meng Hao felt as if he had more
memories than before, memories that were vague and ancient, and
couldn’t be recalled. But that thirst to fly in the sky still flickered
powerfully in his mind.
He felt certain that if one day he could really fly through the sky, then
the memories in his head would become clear.
SOOYOuNA | 152
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
After some time passed, Meng Hao took a breath, his vision slowly
returning to normal. As his senses returned, he felt his Cultivation
base, then stopped, dumbfounded.
“The sixth level of Qi Condensation?” His eyes glittered fiercely, and
after thoroughly examining his Cultivation base, he nearly went mad
with joy. He sensed the majestic Core lake, and the Demonic Core
floating within, and an amazing feeling began to overcome him.

“I actually reached... the sixth level of Qi Condensation!” He shook as
he stood up, then laughed heartily. His laughter echoed throughout
the Immortal’s cave.
Excitedly, he sat back down cross-legged, closing his eyes and
casting his senses about. It seemed as if he could feel everything
around him in complete detail. In fact, he suddenly heard Fatty’s
voice outside.
“Meng Hao, you were cursed with ill luck. You took the pill, but I didn’t
want that to hurt you.
Please don’t come haunt me...
“Poor old Master Fatty, I’m actually more cursed than you. Did you
know that our business is gone? It was stolen away.” Fatty squatted
outside the Immortal’s cave in front of a small fire, his face pained as
he burned yellow paper money.
“Meng Hao, when you become a spirit, you have to come back and
help me. Look at how much paper I’m burning for you.” Tears
streamed down his face as he continued to burn the paper money,
weeping and wailing.
“You come from a poor family, but don’t worry; I, Master Fatty, am
here to take care of you. I’ll come burn paper for you every day so
that in the next life you’ll be able to buy a house and get a wife. You’ll
finally achieve your goal of being rich.
“Oh, Meng Hao, how could you leave like this...” Fatty’s wails grew
even louder, as if he were completely heartbroken.
Upon hearing this, a strange expression appeared on Meng Hao’s
face. He opened his eyes.
This was the first time anyone had ever burned yellow paper for him,
and he wasn’t sure whether to laugh or cry. He stood and pushed the

main door open with a long creak, then walked out.
As soon as he stepped out, Fatty’s loud wails suddenly ceased, and
he looked up in astonishment. He straightened, his eyes filled with
fear. Then he recognized Meng Hao, and he leaped up, gaping.
SOOYOuNA | 153
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao looked at Fatty with a strange expression, then gave a
light cough and walked over to the nearby stream and began to clean
himself off. He had never been so dirty in his entire life. After cleaning
off, he put on a fresh green robe, then used a flying sword to trim his
hair.
Now he felt, and looked, like his old self. He turned and smiled at
Fatty.
SOOYOuNA | 154
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 27: THE WIND STIRS AGAIN
Fatty stared at Meng Hao, tears streaming down his face. He rushed
forward, bawling.
“You’re not dead. Meng Hao, you’re not dead!” cried Fatty as he
hugged Meng Hao. “I was so scared these past few days. Everyone
said that you had died, and I was so sad. You’re my only friend. What
would I do if you died?
“I thought of fleeing the Sect. I even lost interest in filing my teeth. But
if I left, how could I get revenge for you? So I didn’t leave. I swear that
I will find a way to help you get vengeance...”

Fatty looked with warm sincerity at Meng Hao, and after speaking for
a bit, his tears began to dry up. The two of them sat next to the
stream and Meng Hao told him about all the things that had
happened in the black mountain, leaving out, of course, the matters
regarding the Flying Rain-Dragon and Wang Tengfei. Fatty listened
anxiously, and when he heard that Meng Hao had reached the sixth
level of Qi Condensation, he gasped, stupefied.
“The sixth level of Qi Condensation...” Fatty looked extremely excited.
“Holy crap, you’ve, you’ve... you’ve reached the sixth level of Qi
Condensation! The year Elder Sister Xu brought us here, she was at
the seventh level. Meng Hao, you really are an Immortal! Can you
fly?”
“Fly...” Meng Hao closed his eyes, visualizing the descriptions of the
Wind Walking technique from the Qi Condensation manual. It would
naturally be easier to perform the technique at the sixth level than at
the fifth, but after trying several times, the best he could do was float
in the air for a moment before dropping down. Muttering, he
continued to try for a while, then took a medicinal pill. Finally, he was
able to suspend himself about five inches in the air. Fatty looked on
with wide eyes.
Meng Hao suddenly opened his eyes, and they shone brightly. He
stood up, then made several laps around the area, moving like the
wind. Fatty watched on, breathing heavily.
After moving around like this a few times, Meng Hao began to grow
more accustomed to the technique. He slapped his bag of holding
and with a flash, a flying sword appeared. It moved down to his feet,
and then he shot into the air. Fatty looked shocked, as if he couldn’t
believe what he was seeing.
“You’re flying...” he murmured.
Meng Hao felt incredibly excited. The wind blew against his face as
he used the Wind Walking technique to fly with the sword. After about

thirty breaths, he began to feel unstable, then SOOYOuNA | 155
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
started to lose his balance. As his happened, Meng Hao’s mind
suddenly shook, and a mnemonic appeared in his head.
The mnemonic didn’t consist of words, and was fantastically
mysterious. It appeared in his mind like an instinct, and as it did, the
spiritual energy in his body suddenly began to circulate.
He waved his right hand unconsciously, almost like the flapping of a
wing. Suddenly, a Wind Blade appeared in front of him!
When the Wind Blade appeared, the flying sword underneath his feet
quivered. The Wind Blade shot forward into the jungle, and three
lines of trees were instantly sliced in half. A rumbling sound
reverberated throughout the vegetation, and Meng Hao tumbled onto
the ground.
Fatty was thoroughly astonished, and it took him a while to recover
his senses. His face flushed, he looked at Meng Hao with reverence
in his eyes.
“You really did it! If I stick with you, who would dare to bully me? And
who would dare to mess with our business!” Thinking about this, Fatty
suddenly laughed out loud.
Meng Hao closed his eyes and thought excitedly about the Wind
Blade. He was intelligent, and realised that it most likely had
something to do with the strange dream and the Demonic Core.
The mnemonic which had appeared in his head was also connected
to the Demonic Core.
Suddenly, the shadow of the Winged Rain-Dragon appeared in the
Core lake. Meng Hao wanted to give voice to the feelings he felt

regarding the Dragon and being a sovereign of the sky, but try as he
might, he could not.
“Oh right,” said Fatty, suddenly recalling something. “Special
promotion training is beginning in a few days. I heard that there’s a
month-long period in which you can sign up. You should join! You’ll
definitely be accepted. Then you could be the Reliance Sect’s third
Inner Sect disciple! You’ll be super famous!”
“Special promotion training?” Meng Hao looked surprised. He had
heard about it before, but back then, his Cultivation base had been
too low, so he hadn’t even considered it. But things were different
now. In the entire Reliance Sect, there were only three people at the
sixth level of Qi Condensation, including himself. The others were
Wang Tengfei and Han Zong. Han Zong had been stuck at the fifth
level of Qi Condensation for a long time, but had recently broken
through to the sixth.
“I heard that they’re only going to accept one disciple, and everyone
is saying that the training was set up specifically for Wang Tengfei.
But now you’re at the sixth level, you might be able to succeed.” Fatty
really wanted Meng Hao to agree. If he became an Inner Sect
disciple, he would easily be able to become a big shot in the Reliance
Sect.
SOOYOuNA | 156
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao hesitated, unsure of what he really wanted to do. He was
excited about the prospect, knowing that being an Inner Sect disciple
would different than being in the Outer Sect. After becoming a
member of the Inner Sect, no one would be quick to offend him, not
even Sect elders. Furthermore, there would be more opportunities for
Spirit Stones and medicinal pills.

But this was an important matter, and Meng Hao’s Cultivation base
had developed quite rapidly. He needed to consider what others
might think, or conjecture. If he attracted too much attention, his
losses might outweigh his gains.
He had been a member of the Reliance Sect for almost two years
now, and had developed a deep understanding of the phrase “the law
of the jungle.” He also knew not to advertise his wealth. And yet, he
hadn’t decided not to participate either. Maybe he would go.
Although, after everything that had happened in the black mountain,
his treasures and medicinal pills were almost completely used up. He
would need to restock.
He could not help but think wistfully about the two thousand Spirit
Stones.
Twenty days flashed by, and the registration period for the special
promotion training was almost over. Not many had signed up.
According to Sect Rules, upon registering, one could not leave the
main square, but was required to sit in meditation beneath the
dragon-carved pillars.
No one was allowed to disturb the registrants, either.
Actually, the so-called training was in fact a contest of battle magic. It
was said that years ago, the participants went out into the wilds to
search for treasures, but with the Reliance Sect in decline, the only
way to select who to promote to the Inner Sect was to see who would
be victorious with their battle magic.
During that twenty day period, Meng Hao took a trip to the High-Level
Public zone, but it was completely empty. Considering the Reliance
Sect’s decline, Meng Hao could understand why.
Once again, he opened up shop outside the Low-Level Public zone.

His return caused quite a big stir, and no one dared to interfere with
the business. In fact, during the twenty days, business boomed and
he earned quite a few Spirit Stones. Almost every day he was able to
duplicated magical items and medicinal pills, which he slowly built up
into a new stockpile.
Even though all the magical items and flying swords in his bag of
holding were ordinary in nature, he already had nearly a hundred.
Thinking back to his fight with Lu Hong, and the events in the black
mountain, he now clearly understood the best methods to engage in
magical combat. After pondering about this for a while, his eyes
glittered. He had just come up with an idea to increase the
effectiveness of all his flying swords.
Other than managing the business, most of the remainder of Meng
Hao’s time was spent researching this method of increasing the
power of his flying swords. He performed various tests and eventually
came up with a few new techniques, ways to control more swords at
the SOOYOuNA | 157
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
same time. One of the things he did was change the appearance of
various swords to disguise them. Some he purposely scratched and
marked up, some he broke the tips off of, and some he painted
various colors.
The rest of his time was spent attempting to connect his thoughts to
those of a sovereign of the sky, the Flying Rain-Dragon. Even though
he never succeeded, he found that his Wind Walking technique
improved significantly, bringing him gradually closer to the sky.
Time whizzed by and now only two days remained of the registration
period for the special promotion training. Meng Hao currently sat at
his stall by the Low-Level Public Zone, watching Fatty inside, hawking
wares with deep fervor. Suddenly, he turned his head and looked off
into the distance. Far down the mountain, he caught sight of

someone walked toward him. Every step carried him forward several
meters, so he arrived at the plateau very quickly. He appeared to be
twenty-seven or twenty-eight years old and looked proud and lofty. In
front of him, a long strip of yellow paper floated in the air, upon which
was written various magical figures.
Wisps of black smoke emanated from its surface, curling up and
around the young man.
“A talisman...” Meng Hao’s eyes flickered as he examined it. He had
read about this type of yellow paper in the Qi Condensation manual.
It was a powerful magical item which could be used a limited number
of times.
The approaching young man was none other than the second most
powerful person in the Outer Sect, Han Zong, who was at the sixth
level of Qi Condensation. As soon as he appeared, it caused quite a
commotion on the plateau as everyone greeting him with cupped
fists.
“Meng Hao,” he said coldly, ignoring everyone else and staring at
Meng Hao. “Master Uncle Shangguan has a matter he wishes to
discuss with you. Please come with me to see him.”
Meng Hao frowned. Master Uncle Shangguan was no stranger.
Whether it was his presence during Individual Pill Distribution or his
participation with Wang Tengfei in fighting the Demonic Python, it was
clear that he was no ordinary individual.
“What could he want with me?” thought Meng Hao, slowly standing
up. “Did he sense something about me?” He knew that the man was
one of the Sect’s elder generation. Since he was of the Outer Sect,
he could not refuse to comply. If he did, then it would look suspicious.
Muttering, Meng Hao looked at cold-faced Han Zong. He had
assumed that if the truth about events that day were revealed, Wang
Tengfei would be the first one to come looking for him.

Could this summons have something to do with that affair?
Meng Hao’s face was calm, but his head spun and he laughed coldly
to himself. With a seemingly casual glance at Fatty, he walked
forward.
SOOYOuNA | 158
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Moving along with Han Zong, they soon reached the West Mountain.
At its peak, the spiritual energy was especially thick. Meng Hao
caught sight of an exquisite residence, inside of which a group of
young boys were planting Spirit Grass.
Soon they came to a stop in front of a three-story building. Han Zong
looked at Meng Hao, and then the voice of Shanguan Xiu boomed
out from inside.
“Come in, Meng Hao. Han Zong, you head to the South Mountain.” A
jade slip suddenly flew out into Han Zong’s hand. He looked at Meng
Hao with a cold laugh, then turned and left.
Meng Hao’s heart began to thump. This didn’t seem right. Shangguan
Xiu gave Han Zong a jade slip and sent him to the South Mountain...
SOOYOuNA | 159
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 28: SHANGGUAN XIU
Time did not permit Meng Hao to spend time thinking. The door to the
building swung open silently. Inside was pitch black and emanated a
sinister air.
“You still haven’t entered,” said Shangguan Xiu, his voice cold. Meng
Hao hesitated, then, eyes flickering dimly, realised that he couldn’t

retreat. After thinking about it for a moment, his nervousness grew.
He stepped forward into the building.
Inside, rays of light gradually appeared which, though dim, revealed
the surroundings.
Shangguan Xiu sat there in his golden robe, expressionless, eyes
cold as he watched Meng Hao enter.
Almost as soon as he stepped a foot inside, Shangguan Xiu’s eyes
suddenly flickered, and he raised his right hand. A needle shot out,
stabbed Meng Hao’s finger, then flew back in an instant. All his bags
of holding flew away from him too, completely beyond his control, to
land in front of Shangguan Xiu.
Some blood remained on the flying needle, which Shangguan Xiu
licked.
“There’s no trace of heavenly material or earthly treasures...”
Shangguan Xiu frowned. His gaze swept over Meng Hao as if he
could see all the secrets he kept. The Demonic Core within Meng
Hao stirred, and he did his best to conceal this from Shangguan Xiu.
Meng Hao’s face fell, revealing a terrified expression. He opened his
mouth but didn’t seem to know what to say.
With another frown, Shangguan Xiu opened one of Meng Hao’s bags
of holding. He rummaged around a bit, not even glancing at the large
quantity of flying swords. It seemed as if he didn’t even notice the
copper mirror. After finding nothing unusual, his frown deepened.
“Master Uncle Shangguan, what... what are you looking for?” His face
was covered with terror, but inside he laughed coldly. He had long
since made preparations for such an event. The wooden sword,
along with most of his Spirit Stones and medicinal pills, were in
Fatty’s safe keeping, hidden away.

“Let me ask you,” said Shangguan Xiu, his gaze falling like lightning
upon Meng Hao, “How did your Cultivation base progress so rapidly?”
SOOYOuNA | 160
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Elder Sister Xu and Grand Elder Ouyang have been watching out for
me,” he replied, beginning to tremble. “They gave me some medicinal
pills...” He pretended to force himself to try to be calm, but inside he
wasn’t worried. It didn’t seem he had been asked here because of
what had happened with Wang Tengfei, but rather because of his
rapid progress in Cultivation.
Shangguan Xiu frowned again. He obviously knew that Grand Elder
Ouyang had taken a liking to Meng Hao, otherwise he would not have
been so mild in his inquiries.
Just then, Han Zong’s voice drifted in from outside.
“Reporting back to Master Uncle Shangguan. Meng Hao’s Immortal’s
Cave is empty.”
“You may leave,” replied Shangguan Xiu. He sat in contemplation for
a moment as Han Zong departed. He stared wordlessly at Meng Hao.
Time gradually passed, and soon it was evening. Meng Hao’s
countenance grew more and more nervous and filled with fear.
Finally, he spoke, trembling: “Master Uncle...”
“Very well, you may go,” said Shangguan Xiu with a wave of his hand.
He looked irritated.
Meng Hao stood, saluted with cupped fists, and left, feeling relieved.
After reaching the bottom of the mountain, his speed increased as he
raced toward the South Mountain.

As Meng Hao left, Shangguan Xiu’s expression changed. He lifted up
the silver needle and examined it carefully, licking more blood off of it.
His eyes glittered.
“Something’s not right. This blood has large amounts low-level
Demonic Core aura. I didn’t notice it before because I was
concentrating on Grand Elder Ouyang’s potential influence. But now
that the blood has dried, it’s clear. He must have consumed hundreds
of Demonic Cores.
Where could he possibly get his hands on so many? This Meng Hao
must be keeping some secret.” Killing intent filled Shangguan Xiu’s
eyes, and his body leaped into the air in pursuit of Meng Hao.
Meng Hao sped along at high speed, feeling relieved, but also jumpy.
He arrived outside the South Mountain Immortal’s Cave, and as he
approached, he saw Fatty stick his head out of the trees in the
distance. Catching sight of Meng Hao, he ran over.
“I was scared to death,” said Fatty, letting out a relieved sigh. “Meng
Hao, you were gone the whole afternoon...” He took out the bag of
holding Meng Hao had given him. “Thankfully no one noticed that I
kept this hidden away.”
SOOYOuNA | 161
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
With a dignified expression, Meng Hao nodded and accepted the bag
of holding. And yet, as soon as he laid hands on it, a whistling scream
could be heard some distance away. A beam of prismatic light
seemed to be approaching, within which could be seen an old man
wearing a golden robe. It was none other than Shangguan Xiu.
He was flying! Only Cultivators who had reached Foundation
Establishment could fly. With the assistance of magical items, one
could glide for a bit, like Elder Sister Xu, but this was not true flight.

Seeing this, Meng Hao’s heart shook. He watched his opponent flying
down from the top of the mountain. He moved with a speed similar to
Meng Hao’s when he borrowed momentum from flying swords.
Shangguan Xiu immediately caught sight of Fatty handing the bag of
holding over to Meng Hao, and his eyes flashed. Without a word, he
shot toward Meng Hao, certain that he would be able to grab him.
Today, he would learn Meng Hao’s secret. Perhaps this secret would
be of great assistance to himself.
Meng Hao’s expression changed, and his emotions spun. But the
situation was urgent, and he didn’t have time to think. He put away
the bag of holding and grabbed Fatty. Then he leaped up, and a flying
sword circulated around him to land underneath his feet. He shot off
into the distance.
It happened so fast that Shangguan Xiu’s pupils constricted. He let
out a cold snort and flew off in pursuit.
Fatty was so scared that his face was white. But he didn’t move,
afraid that he might distract Meng Hao. He trusted that Meng Hao
would not abandon him.
Actually, this was very true. Meng Hao was not that type of person.
He knew that if he dropped Fatty, he might be able to move a bit
faster. But he also knew that Shangguan Xiu would then vent his
wrath on Fatty.
“Dammit. To this guy, Outer Sect disciples are like ants, only Inner
Sect disciples are true Cultivators of the Reliance Sect.”
Gnashing his teeth, he looked back at Shangguan Xiu, who was
getting closer and closer. At the same time, Meng Hao was dropping
closer and closer to the ground. He wouldn’t be able to keep going
much longer. He pushed forward as fast as possible, sweat breaking
out on his forehead, his mind racing. He saw the Outer Sect up

ahead, and suddenly he had a flash of inspiration. He knew what to
do.
SOOYOuNA | 162
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
His eyes shining, he leaped down to the ground, dashing into the
Outer Sect. Then, regardless of the effect on his Cultivation base, he
gritted his teeth and once again leaped onto a flying sword. A
whistling scream reverberated out, causing nearby Outer Sect
disciples to crane their necks, dumbstruck.
Shangguan Xiu’s face grew dark. With a flick of a sleeve, he darted
straight toward Meng Hao.
The distance between the two grew closer and closer. When it
reached roughly thirty meters, Shangguan Xiu’s face suddenly
changed as he realized where Meng Hao was heading. By then, it
was too late to stop him.
Meng Hao approached the Outer Sect square, with its dragon-carved
columns. On the tall platform, Grand Elder Ouyang sat in meditation.
Beneath him in the square, Wang Tengfei also sat cross-legged,
meditating.
This was the registration location for the special promotion training!
“I want to sign up!” cried Meng Hao as soon as he entered the
square.
“Me too!” shouted Fatty, the blood draining from his face.
Shangguan Xiu stopped in his tracks, just outside the square. Murder
filled his eyes, but it quickly disappeared, replaced with a genial
smile. Grand Elder Ouyang had opened his eyes.

He looked at Meng Hao, surprised by his Cultivation base. He gave
Meng Hao a look of praise.
Wang Tengfei also opened his eyes, seemingly completely
uninterested in Meng Hao.
“Now that you have signed up,” said Grand Elder Ouyang coolly, “you
must remain confined to this area. Training begins in two days.” His
gaze swept over Shangguan Xiu, whose heart subsequently sank.
Making his smile look even more amiable, he looked at Meng Hao,
false praise in his eyes.
Meng Hao looked back at him, and when their gazes met Shangguan
Xiu’s fury boiled. He could do nothing about it, though, so after a long
moment he laughed and walked off.
Not much time passed before Han Zong strode up. He entered the
square, glaring at Meng Hao.
With a sneering laugh, he declared that he was registering.
As he walked past Meng Hao, he whispered, “You offended
Shangguan Xiu. I dare you to stay here! The Inner Sect training is
where you will reap death.”
SOOYOuNA | 163
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao’s eyes flashed as he stared coldly at Han Zong’s retreating
back.
After that, the deadline for registration approached. Before Meng Hao
had arrived, only Wang Tengfei had signed up. Then Han Zong
arrived. Now, four more people entered the square.
They were no strangers to Meng Hao. Yin Tianlong and Zhou Kai
were present. The other two each appeared to over thirty years of

age. One of them was tall and stalwart, the other skinny and frail, with
hideous scars on his face. Both emanated desolate auras of death.
These were the other two members of the Sect who were of the fifth
level of Qi condensation.
The four of them entered the square, casting dark looks toward Meng
Hao and Fatty. The aggressive killing intent in their eyes was
impossible to conceal.
Fatty started to get nervous, and Meng Hao narrowed his eyes. Now
he knew the power of Shangguan Xiu’s influence.
Time passed slowly, and soon two days had passed. Now, only one
hour remained until the registration period was over. The square was
already surrounded by numerous Outer Sect disciples. They hadn’t
come to sign up, but to watch the Inner Sect special promotion
training, to maybe learn something, and to watch Wang Tengfei in all
his glory.
Of course, there were eight people in the square, including Fatty, with
his low Cultivation base.
Even as the sound of discussions buzzed, the time limit was reached.
The sound of bells filled the entire Reliance Sect. They rang in
succession, nine times, after which Grand Elder Ouyang opened his
eyes and looked out at the eight people before him. He flicked his
wide sleeve, and the large platform glowed with many colors then
expanded outward until it encompassed a diameter of roughly three
hundred meters.
He waved his right hand again, and eight jade slips flew out, toward
each of the eight people.
When the slips descended in front of each of them, they could see
that numbers were inscribed onto their surfaces, from one to eight.

“Forfeiting before a battle is prohibited,” said Grand Elder Ouyang
coolly. “In the competition for promotion to the Inner Sect, life and
death are predestined. If, after stepping onto the platform, you feel
you cannot win, you may admit defeat. First match, numbers one and
eight.”
Wang Tengfei opened his eyes, and raised up his jade slip, upon
which was written ‘one.’ He stood and floated up to stand on the
platform. The wind gently lifted his long hair. Clad in his snow-white
robe, he looked perfect, beautiful, gentle and refined. He smiled. This
caused all the surrounding Cultivators to let out a cheer. What none
of them could see, however, was that beneath Wang Tengfei’s smile
was concealed the bitter pain of loss and defeat.
SOOYOuNA | 164
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
At that moment, Shangguan Xiu appeared in the crowd, glaring
menacingly at Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 165
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 29: INNER SECT TRAINING
Yin Tianlong’s face fell as he looked at the character ‘eight’ on the
jade slip in front of him.
Hands behind his back, he used his Wind Walking technique to float
up onto the platform.
The moment his feet touched down, Wang Tengfei lifted his right foot,
and suddenly the entire platform began to vibrate with a loud hum, as
if some sort of blast was accumulating from all corners. Wang Tengfei
didn’t move, but the massive invisible force shot toward Yin Tianlong.

When he saw this, Yin Tianlong’s face changed. Wang Tengfei had
not even moved, yet the massive pressure bearing down on Yin
Tianlong was already making it difficult for him to circulate his spiritual
energy.
“I admit defeat...” he said immediately and without hesitation.
Apparently, he didn’t want to hear any comments about his decision.
Saluting deeply with cupped hands, he leaped off the platform and
left the square.
Grand Elder Ouyang remained expressionless. Slowly, he spoke
again: “Wang Tengfei is victorious. Second match: numbers two and
seven.”
As soon as the words were out of his mouth, Fatty looked at the
character ‘two’ written on his jade slip and began to tremble. At the
same time, the scar-faced Cultivator of the fifth level of Qi
Condensation glared coldly at him, then stepped onto the platform.
“Just walk up and then admit defeat,” Meng Hao said to him in a low
voice, pushing him forward. Fatty’s ball-like body flew up onto the
platform.
As soon as he landed, he immediately said: “Admit defeat...” He
dared not speak three words, only two, and yet the scar-faced
Cultivator’s eyes flickered with murderous intent. Before Fatty could
finish speaking, he lifted up his hand. A flying sword shot screaming
toward Fatty at incredible speed. By the time Fatty said ‘admit,’ it was
two meters from his throat.
By the time it was obvious what was happening, it was too late. Meng
Hao’s face changed and he shot to his feet. At the same time, Grand
Elder Ouyang flicked an object out with his fingers.
Right before the flying sword penetrated Fatty’s throat, a ringing
sound could be heard and the sword flew away. Fatty was left with a
small nick on his neck.

Fatty took a step back, his face pale. Then he jumped down and
returned to Meng Hao, so scared that his legs were like rubber. He
had never before experienced the closeness of death in such a way.
SOOYOuNA | 166
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao looked at the line of blood on Fatty’s neck, and a
murderous look appeared in his eyes. His opponent had attacked
with extreme ruthlessness and an obvious desire to kill. Were Meng
Hao his opponent that would have been fine, but Fatty’s Cultivation
base was too low.
To attack him in such a way was going too far.
Looking around, Meng Hao caught sight of Shangguan Xiu standing
in the distance, his grim face filled with murder. Flames of fury burst
out in Meng Hao’s heart. He had never done anything to offend
Master Uncle Shangguan; Master Uncle Shangguan was the
aggressor, the one who attacked with deadly force.
In all his years in the Reliance Sect, Meng Hao had never revealed
an intense desire to kill. But now, his eyes shone with clear killing
intent.
What had just happened was so obviously fishy that even the
surrounding Cultivators could tell. One after another, they began to
look at Meng Hao. Discussions broke out.
“Next match, numbers three and six,” said Grand Elder Ouyang with
a frown.
Han Zong stood, the number three jade slip in his hand. As he walked
past Meng Hao, he whispered, “You offended Master Uncle
Shangguan. You won’t be the only one to die today.

Your friend will die too.” You could say that other than a Grand Elder,
Shangguan Xiu was the most powerful and influential member of the
Sect.
Because of the decline of the Reliance Sect, its numbers were few.
The chaos of the Sect rules, and mutual slaughter among the Outer
Sect disciples, all of this, was because the Reliance Sect was at the
end of an era, and just wasn’t like it used to be.
There were fewer medicinal pills, so how could they be distributed
fairly... There were not many Spirit Condensation Pills, so of course
they became objects of deadly struggle between the disciples who
wished to consume them.
So, let there be chaos. Every man for himself. Whether it be
members of the first level of Qi Condensation or the fifth, let chaos
rule, and death. There was no fairness here; life and death were
determined by destiny. There were no sermons, no one giving
instruction on how to practice cultivation. There was only the Qi
Condensation manual. Whether you were a worm or a dragon, you
could only rely on your luck. If you succeeded, you lived. If you failed,
you died. If you were tough, you survived. If you were weak, you
didn’t.
Whoever could kill their way to the end of the path would become an
Inner Sect disciple, and then be a true member of the Reliance Sect
and Elder Ouyang’s true student.
SOOYOuNA | 167
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
In the past, Sect Leader He Luohua had been focused on making the
Sect more powerful. But weighed down by the pressures of reality, he
had completely exhausted himself, and had long since hidden away
in seclusion. Grand Elder Ouyang had a soft personality, and as far
as his Cultivation went, he was in his later years of longevity, with not

much time left. Therefore, he didn’t have much energy to spend time
on the Sect.
Among the Inner Sect disciples, Elder Sister Xu was usually in
secluded meditation. With her cold personality, she didn’t pay much
attention to Sect affairs. Elder Brother Chen was primarily focused on
the Dao, and didn’t participate in Sect matters. Circumstances as
such, only Shangguan Xiu remained.
His Cultivation base was at the ninth level of Qi Condensation, and
he was over ninety years of age. He had served the Sect well, and
could not help but become the Master Uncle to the disciples of the
Sect. But the Sect was in decline. Were this some other Sect,
considering he was still in the Qi Condensation stage, he would never
be called Master Uncle.
Meng Hao watched Han Zong as he flashed up onto the platform. His
opponent was Zhou Kai, and it seemed this would be no life and
death battle. Zhou Kai immediately admitted defeat, and the match
was over.
The last match of the first round had arrived. Meng Hao stood and
flew up onto the platform.
His opponent was the tall, strong man who had a Qi Condensation of
the fifth level. His aura radiated murder, and from the look of him, he
had experienced many bloody battles.
He looked at Meng Hao and growled, running straight toward him, his
body expanding. He raised his hand, and instantly, a shining battle-ax
appeared. This was clearly no ordinary object.
His face dark, Meng Hao slapped his bag of holding. A swift, sharp
flying sword appeared and shot forward. But by the time it was about
two meters away from the big man, a soft shield appeared, blocking
the flying sword.

“You’re gonna die today!” said the big man with a hideous grin. Before
coming to the training, Shangguan Xiu had given him a magical item.
Even if Meng Hao’s Cultivation base was a bit higher than his, he
didn’t have anything to worry about.
“Boom,” said Meng Hao coolly, his facial expression the same as
ever. The flying sword exploded with a bang, sending the big man
flying backwards. The shield in front of him flickered, preventing him
from being injured.
Laughing, he charged again. But Meng Hao was faster. He dashed
forward, slapping his bag of holding. Two flying swords appeared,
shot forward and then exploded. The blast reverberated, and the
shield bent. The big man’s face changed, and before he could even
react, four more flying sword shot forth. A massive explosion rang
out, and the shield was ripped to pieces. The SOOYOuNA | 168
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
attack stabbed through, directly into the big man’s chest. He let out a
miserable cry and spat out a mouthful of blood.
Before his body could hit the ground, another flying sword shot forth
from Meng Hao, glittering as it stabbed into the man’s throat. He fell
twitching to the ground in a pool of blood, dead.
Since entering the Sect, Meng Hao had not killed very many people.
But this time he had slain the man with vicious ruthlessness. He
floated down from the platform, giving Han Zong a cold glance.
“Next, you die,” he said, sitting down cross-legged and closing his
eyes.
Han Zong’s pupils constricted and his killing intent grew stronger.
A buzz of discussion rose from the surrounding Cultivators as they
recovered from watching the scene. They had been shaken by its

bloodiness.
“Meng Hao is victorious. The first match of round two is Wang Tengfei
and Xu Ge.” Grand Elder Ouyang’s voice was cool, as if he hadn’t
even noticed the reek of blood in the air.
Xu Ge was the Cultivator who had tried to kill Fatty moments ago. As
soon as he stepped foot on the platform, he admitted defeat. Giving
Wang Tengfei a respectful salute, he turned and left the square as
quickly as possible.
At this point, everyone could see that be it Han Zong or the four
Cultivators of the fifth level, their goal was not to be promoted, but
rather to kill Meng Hao.
“Match two, Meng Hao and Han Zong.” Grand Elder Ouyang looked
intently at Meng Hao, and as soon as he finished speaking, silence
prevailed. Everyone stared at Meng Hao and Han Zong.
Meng Hao looked as somber as ever as he stepped onto the
platform. Han Zong arrived at almost exactly the same time. No
introductory remarks were necessary. They both attacked at the same
time.
A thunderous sound rang out as three flying swords appeared,
circling around Meng Hao. A shield appeared, revolving around Han
Zong, and in front of him appeared a glowing, five-colored banner. It
instantly swept toward Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 169
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao said nothing. As the five-colored banner approached, he
didn’t retreat. He lifted his left hand, and instantly, a fifteen-meter long
Flame Serpent appeared. It roared and flew forward. The Flame

Serpent didn’t appear to be just a snake, but more like a python.
Blistering heat radiated out from it as it flew.
At the same time, Meng Hao’s right hand slapped his bag of holding;
six flying swords appeared and shot forward.
Han Zong laughed coldly, his eyes shining with murderous intent. He
took a step forward, then slapped his left hand onto the ground.
When he stood, a deep rumble could be heard, and the entire
platform began to shake. In front of him suddenly appeared a Stone
Golem, approximately three meters tall. With a roar, the Stone Golem
charged forward at incredible speed. When it slammed into the Flame
Serpent, a massive explosion thundered across the platform.
Amidst the roar, the five-colored banner shot forward, approaching
Meng Hao’s flying swords.
Han Zong’s eyes glittered brightly.
“Five Radiances Art!”
As soon as the words were out of Han Zong’s mouth, the five-colored
banner suddenly shook, and then began to shine brightly in all
directions. A two-colored stream of mist shot out from it, transforming
into two Spirit creatures, who charged toward Meng Hao with shrill
screams.
The second of the two Mist Spirits was only partly visible; obviously
because of his Cultivation base level, Han Zong was limited in his
ability to use this art.
As soon as the two-colored Mist Spirits appeared, the surrounding
Cultivators cried out in astonishment.
“That’s Master Uncle Shangguan’s consummate Five Radiances Art!
They say it’s one of the most powerful arts for Sect members who

haven’t Perfected their Foundations. Brother Han Zong can only
summon two of the colors!”
“So Han Zong can use this art! Yeah, it must be because of that
banner. Could it be a magic item provided by Master Uncle
Shangguan?”
Emitting shrill, ear-piercing cries, the two-colored Mist Spirits shot
toward Meng Hao with irresistible force. The moment his six flying
swords touched them, the swords shattered into pieces.
SOOYOuNA | 170
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 30: KILL HAN ZONG, BATTLE WANG TENGFEI!
Standing in the square beneath the platform, Shangguan Xiu’s lips
twisted with a grim smile.
He didn’t care at all whether Meng Hao lived or died. He only wanted
the treasures within in Meng Hao’s bag of holding.
After Meng Hao had registered for the Inner Sect promotion training,
he had gone to find Zhou and Yin to inquire after the events which
had occurred in the black mountain. He knew that Meng Hao had
provoked masses of Demonic beasts with some supposed Demonic
magic.
Shangguan Xiu was convinced that it was no Demonic magic, but
rather a magical treasure.
Meng Hao’s eyes narrowed. He watched the two-colored Mist Spirits
approaching. He raised his left hand and waved it in front of him. An
invisible Wind Blade appeared and shot toward the Mist Spirits at
high speed.

At the same time, Meng Hao quickly swallowed a handful of Demonic
Cores, then slapped his bag of holding and flicked his sleeve. A
stream of sword auras flew from the bag. In the blink of an eye,
twenty had appeared, filling the air. It was quite shocking. The swords
also shot toward the two-colored Mist Spirits.
Many of the flying swords appeared to be in bad condition or of
different colors.
Upon seeing this, the surrounding Cultivators gasped with
astonishment, but before they could even begin to discuss the matter
amongst themselves, the Wind Blade reached the Mist Spirits, and a
bang rang out. The Mist Spirits vibrated. Then, the flying swords hit,
and two miserable shrieks could be heard. The two-colored Mist
Spirits were extraordinary, but there were just too many swords.
The Mist Spirits were torn to pieces, and the swords continued on to
slash into the five-colored banner. A massive explosion occurred and
the banner disintegrated, along with about half of the swords. Han
Zong watched on, stupefied. Meng Hao slapped his bag of holding,
swallowing another Demonic Core and produced ten more flying
swords, which shot forward.
Han Zong had never imagined Meng Hao would have so many flying
swords. He retreated backwards, waving his right hand. A shining,
two-layered shield appeared around him. But he was still concerned.
The hairs on his body stood on end, and his skin felt numb. He knew
that life and death hung in the balance here. His right hand moved
again, and a jade pendant appeared in front of him, adding another
layer of shielding around him. With three shields in place, he felt a bit
better.
SOOYOuNA | 171
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

Then, the sword rain descended. Sword auras flashed ceaselessly.
They slammed over and over into the first shield layer, and it
shattered almost immediately. Shortly after that, the second shield
layer broke into pieces, unable withstand the sword rain.
“How can he have so many flying swords!?” Han Zong’s pupils
constricted, and he looked terrified. He retreated further.
In the blink of an eye, the third shield fell apart, and the jade pendant
split into pieces, unable to hold up against the multitude of swords.
And then the sword rain descended upon Han Zong, and he
screamed. Sword after sword stabbed into him. They lifted his corpse
up into the air, then slammed it back down onto the platform. He
twitched a few times, then rattled out his final breath. He had so many
swords sticking into him that he looked like a hedgehog.
Everyone watching gasped, their faces filled with astonishment.
“How... how. how can there be so many flying swords!?”
“So many flying swords, no wonder he owns a shop. A few days ago I
saw him sell at least ten!
He hasn’t just been selling medicinal pills, recently. He’s also been
selling magical items.”
“Meng Hao must have had some sort of windfall. His Cultivation base
has grown incredibly fast. Maybe he obtained a bunch of treasures in
some sort of adventure.” The buzz of discussion filled the air, and as
it did, Shangguan Xiu frowned, his face dark.
Meng Hao stood on the platform, face pale. He still had some spiritual
energy left. His attacks, especially the last one involved twenty flying
swords, had quickly drained him. He was only at the sixth level of Qi
Condensation, after all. Fortunately, he had been consuming
Demonic Cores throughout the battle to replenish himself. This made
his attacks even more effective.

Meng Hao had invented this fighting method himself, and was quite
familiar with it, having practiced it often.
He waved his right hand, and the swords lifted up from Han Zong’s
body and returned to him, dripping blood along the way. They circled
around his body before returning to his bag of holding.
He descended from the platform and sat down cross-legged next to
Fatty. He popped a Demonic Core into his mouth and felt it dissolve.
He didn’t care if people saw him consuming so many. As far as they
were concerned, after the affair at the black mountain, he should
have been able to acquire quite a few Demonic Cores.
Furthermore, he had another battle to be concerned about. The
humiliation he had endured under Wang Tengfei’s four finger attacks
would be repaid today in full measure. He had been waiting for this
day a long time!
SOOYOuNA | 172
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Grand Elder Ouyang looked at Meng Hao, his eyes filled with obvious
approval. His admiration of Meng Hao had continued to grow from the
day he entered the Sect. In his eyes, Meng Hao was growing up. His
face radiated contentment.
Grand Elder Ouyang didn’t care what stroke of good fortune Meng
Hao had. As a Cultivator, good fortune was a blessing dictated by
fate. He especially liked people who were blessed with good fortune.
His smile filled with kindness, but inside, he felt regret and
nervousness.
“Regardless of who lives or dies in the battles of the Inner Sect
training, Wang Tengfei’s latent talent is something rarely seen in the
span of a hundred years. His Cultivation base is extraordinary at this
young age. If he manages to perfect his foundation, he will be a talent

rarely seen even during the Sect’s glory days. Meng Hao just isn’t a
match for him....” He sighed.
Standing there in the crowd, Shangguan Xiu’s face grew even
grimmer. He narrowed his eyes.
He had never imagined that Meng Hao would be able to defeat Han
Zong, especially since he’d bestowed a powerful treasure to him. The
power of the Mist Spirits summoned by the five-colored banner
should have been able to destroy Meng Hao with no problem.
And yet Meng Hao’s dozens of flying swords had ripped it to shreds.
Even Shangguan Xiu had been shocked to see so many flying
swords. Even though they were low-level swords, they were still
sharp. Even scrap iron in such large numbers could shock and
amaze.
At this moment, far away on the East Mountain, stood a middle-aged
man of approximately forty years of age. He wore a black robe and
had the look of a scholar. As he watched the battle unfold in the Outer
Sect square, his eyes filled with strange light and came to focus on
Meng Hao.
“This kid... He wasn’t worth noticing before. His latent talent is nothing
extraordinary, but he seems to possess incredible good fortune.” This
man was none other than the amazingly powerful Sect Leader He
Luohua, who had already reached Core Formation.
“If he wasn’t up against Wang Tengfei, this kid might be able to join
the Inner Sect. But it’s Wang Tengfei... it will be difficult.” He Luohua
watched Meng Hao with kind eyes. As a Core Formation Cultivator,
and the Sect Leader of the Reliance Sect, he didn’t pay much
attention to the twists of fate and fortune that occurred amongst
disciples who still practiced Qi Condensation. Things would play out
naturally.

If a disciple was lucky, then he would be happy. But with Wang
Tengfei present, He Luohua didn’t give much stock to Meng Hao’s
chances to gain victory.
SOOYOuNA | 173
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“It’s too bad there are only three pieces of Vorpal Jade... Wang
Tengfei’s spot was decided upon long ago, otherwise...” He Luohua
shook his head, trying to decide whether or not to intervene if it
seemed Meng Hao would die. He sighed.
Time slipped by. Grand Elder Ouyang watched on in approval as
Meng Hao’s spiritual energy slowly restored. He was clearly showing
partiality to Meng Hao, but none of the onlookers dared say anything.
As for Wang Tengfei, he didn’t pay attention to anyone. Even though
Meng Hao’s rapid advancement in Cultivation base was astounding,
Wang Tengfei didn’t think about it too much because of Grand Elder
Ouyang’s intervention that time. Deep in Wang Tengfei’s heart, he
didn’t think or even consider it possible that Meng Hao could be the
person who took his treasures. He was convinced that it was the
other dim light he had seen.
Thinking of this, Wang Tengfei’s heart throbbed with pain, and he
nearly wept tears of blood.
As of now, the Legacy had nothing to do with him. He could not sense
even a sliver of it. He was an outsider as far as it was concerned.
Even if the person who now possessed it stood in front of him, he
would have no idea.
“The Legacy is no longer mine, but the treasure...” Wang Tengfei’s
hands clenched into fists.

He had only been able to catch a glimpse of the sword from a
distance. Other than that, he had only been able to read about it in
the ancient records. He didn’t even know what it could do.
He only knew that the ancient records stated clearly that the sword
was one of a kind, and that its spiritual power could overwhelm
everything in heaven and earth.
He had planned to thoroughly study it after acquiring it, but now... all
of that was just wishful thinking.
Wang Tengfei closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Sitting there
cross-legged, he appeared as mild and gentle as ever, as if he didn’t
have a care in the world.
“I am Wang Tengfei. Even though the Legacy and the treasure were
stolen away, the Reliance Inner Sect belongs to me. It is the second
of my main goals. Even without the treasure or Legacy, I will join the
detestable Inner Sect of the Reliance Sect. That will be my fortune!
“One defeat is nothing! I am Wang Tengfei!” On the outside he was
peaceful and calm, so he forced himself to be equally calm on the
inside, to emerge from the depths of defeat.
He was arrogant because he was Wang Tengfei, a perfect, blessed
god, Chosen.
He was indifferent because he knew that the Inner Sect training had
been opened especially for him, and was merely a show, carried out
simply to comply with Sect Rules. From the SOOYOuNA | 174
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
moment he had entered the Reliance Sect, he was different. To the
members of the Outer Sect, he had long since already become a
member of the Inner Sect.

He was calm because he didn’t care a bit about the Reliance Sect. A
small Sect like this meant nothing to him. Even a single member of
his Clan could lay waste to the entire Sect. Were it not for his
insistence to come to this backwater State of Zhao, he would never
be here. Not considering his status. He should be shaking heaven
and earth back home in his powerful Clan.
So he was arrogant, indifferent and calm. He let the time pass,
allowing this person whose name he could not even remember to
recover his Cultivation base.
Enough time passed for an incense stick to burn, and then Meng Hao
suddenly opened his eyes. They glittered with the desire for battle.
He had killed a man of the fifth level of Qi Condensation. He had
killed Han Zong. Never before had he killed so many people in one
day.
But his heart filled with anticipation. He would place Wang Tengfei
underfoot and repay in full the humiliation he had endured that day.
Without a word, Meng Hao slowly stood up.
SOOYOuNA | 175
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 31: FIGHT!
“Final match of the training,” said Grand Elder Ouyang, looking
encouragingly at Meng Hao.
“Meng Hao and Wang Tengfei. The victor shall be promoted to the
Inner Sect.”
Everyone stared at Meng Hao as he leapt up onto the platform. Wang
Tengfei opened his eyes and casually stepped up. Conversations
erupted amongst the Outer Sect disciples.

“Meng Hao really dares to step onto the platform. His Cultivation base
is pretty good, and he did kill Han Zong, but this is Elder Brother
Wang he’s fighting. He really doesn’t know his own limitations.”
“There will always be stumbling blocks on the path to power. This is
just a little pebble that Elder Brother Wang has to walk over on his
rise to the top.”
“I remember when he snatched a magical item that Elder Brother
Wang had given someone as a gift. When Elder Brother Wang took it
back, he was like an ant in front of him.” Conversations filled the air,
filled with ridicule. It wasn’t that everyone felt great enmity towards
Meng Hao, but rather, in their hearts, Elder Brother Wang was
someone you just didn’t mess with.
“If he dies under Wang Tengfei’s hand, it won’t be easy to get his bag
of holding,” thought Shangguan Xiu, frowning. He looked at Meng
Hao.
Even as everyone in the crowd sneered at Meng Hao, once again
putting him at odds against the world, suddenly, a shrill, clear voice
suddenly rang out.
“Go Meng Hao! You’re gonna win! The next Inner Sect disciple will
definitely be Meng Hao!” It was Fatty, shouting out from down in the
square in his cracking, teenage voice.
The jumble of voices reached Meng Hao, but they seemed very far
away. He stood there calmly, staring coldly at Wang Tengfei. Meng
Hao knew that from the moment he had entered the world of
Cultivation until now, he had never faced a more powerful opponent.
This would be his most difficult battle yet.
But he wouldn’t shrink back. He would fight. He would attack. There
are some things in life that a man must do, because of dignity.

The scene from that day continued to play out in his head, and he
absentmindedly rubbed his bag of holding.
SOOYOuNA | 176
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Inside were the ten blood-stained fingernails he’d plucked out of his
palms.
Wang Tengfei stood there calmly, giving a cool look to Meng Hao. His
eyes were placid, as if he were looking down at an insect. He looked
just like he did that year.
He waved his right hand as if he were flicking away a bug, and in
front of him a spinning whirlwind appeared, about as tall as a person.
It whirled towards Meng Hao.
Meng Hao’s eyes gleamed. He had nothing to say to Wang Tengfei.
Everything he wanted to say could be said with swords, magic, and
this most fierce battle in all his 18 years of life.
He stepped forward, lifting his right hand and sending a Wind Blade
screaming toward the whirlwind. It radiated a savage wind as it flew
forward.
Fight!
He slapped his bag of holding, and twenty flying swords flew out in a
line. Some seemed to be bent, unable to fly straight, but their sword
auras glittered blindingly. He lifted a finger on his right hand and
pointed. The twenty flying swords became a rainbow as they shot
with immense power directly toward Wang Tengfei.
Fight!
The dazzling sword auras were like rain, and as their combined
power shot toward Wang Tengfei, the whirlwind slammed into them.

An explosion reverberated through the air as the whirlwind was torn
open. The flying swords, now directionless, were suddenly sucked up
into the whirlwind. From a distance, it looked as if the whirlwind had
transformed into a vortex of swords. But the whirlwind was growing
weaker, and looked as if it would fall apart at any moment.
Wang Tengfei’s expression didn’t change in the least. He walked
forward, and the power of his Cultivation base, at the peak of the
sixth level of Qi Condensation, burst forth, forming into an
unprecedented spiritual pressure. The fingers of his right hand moved
in incantation patterns, and a thin, sparkling strand of water shot
toward Meng Hao.
This was not a technique of the Reliance Sect, but rather Wang
Tengfei’s clan.
Seeing this, Meng Hao unhesitatingly popped a Demonic Core into
his mouth. With his left hand, he called back the flying swords from
within the vortex. They flew back to him unsteadily. With his right
hand, he formed movements with his fingers to summon a Flame
SOOYOuNA | 177
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Python, a dozen or more meters long. It charged toward the Water
Thread, roaring so loud that it seemed as if a tempest had struck.
“Water-Wind, slay!” said Wang Tengfei. Although he didn’t look
scornful, his calm expression was the same as it had been that day
when he almost crippled Meng Hao’s Cultivation base, confident and
filled with disregard.
As soon as the words left his mouth, the glittered Water Thread
melded with the whirlwind to form a massive, rapidly spinning column
which then dropped down toward Meng Hao.

The twenty flying swords spun to block the descending column, and a
boom rang out as the swords scattered. Some of them even broke to
pieces. Meng Hao had already retreated to the edge of the platform.
In front of him remained a large stain of water as wide as a hand and
approximately nine meters long, frightening in appearance.
A line of blood appeared on Meng Hao’s forehead. It slowly oozed
down his nose, giving him an even more savage appearance.
Twenty flying swords had been able to shake Han Zong, but this was
Wang Tengfei, and he hadn’t even used any magical items yet,
merely some techniques that Meng Hao had never seen before.
Thankfully, Meng Hao had been able to evade death. Were his
Cultivation base at the fifth level of Qi Condensation, he would not
have been able to dodge.
“Wang Tengfei has powerful latent talent,” thought Shangguan Xiu,
“and has a lot of experience using the powers and abilities of Qi
Condensation. Even someone of the seventh level would have a
tough time with him. Meng Hao is definitely going to die.” His frown
deepened as he looked at Meng Hao, and his eyes shone with
murder. However, he still didn’t know how he would retrieve Meng
Hao’s bag of holding after he died.
Wang Tengfei seemed as calm as ever when Meng Hao evaded his
attack. It was as his attack had been a mere afterthought. If an
elephant wants to crush an ant, and its first step misses, the second
will not. He gave a beautiful, indifferent smile then took another step
forward, raising his right hand and waving a finger toward Meng Hao.
As soon as he waved his finger, Meng Hao heard a buzz from the
surrounding audience. It reminded him of that day when he had stood
against the world. Wang Tengfei had used one finger attack to bind
him, one to destroy his jade pendant, one to take away the gourd
bottle, and one to attempt to cripple his Cultivation base.

A powerful fighting spirit shone in Meng Hao’s eyes. He had been
humiliated by Wang Tengfei’s finger attack, but he was a different
person today. Even though he hadn’t made up his mind to register for
the Inner Sect training, but had rather been forced to sign up by
circumstances, he had been prepared to do so for some time. In the
past month, most of his SOOYOuNA | 178
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
time had been spent learning how to sacrifice a bit of dexterity to be
able to control large amounts of flying swords.
As Wang Tengfei’s finger descended, Meng Hao slapped his bag of
holding, consumed a Demonic Core, and then began moving his
fingers in incantation patterns. Suddenly, the ten or so remaining
flying swords began to tremble, then suddenly lifted off the ground
and flew back toward him from all directions.
They rotated around his body, and he lowered his hands, then
pointed toward Wang Tengfei.
The flying swords shot out with shocking speed, screaming toward
Wang Tengfei.
At the same time, more flying swords appeared from within his bag of
holding, until his limit was reached. There seemed to be enough to
break down a city wall. With frightening power, they filled the sky,
flying toward Wang Tengfei’s finger attack.
BOOM!
An explosion rattled the entire Outer Sect as twenty flying swords
collided with the invisible power emanating from Wang Tengfei’s
index finger. Amidst the explosion, the twenty flying swords twisted
about, some of them shattering into pieces. They had successfully
blocked the finger attack.

Blood seeped out of Meng Hao’s mouth and veins of blood filled his
eyes. He consumed another Demonic Core. His killing intent flared,
but he still hadn’t spoken a single word. That was just his personality;
the more he wanted to kill someone, the more furious he became, the
quieter he would be.
Wang Tengfei looked as placid as ever, as if he didn’t give a care in
the world that Meng Hao stood in front of him. Only he could be filled
with such arrogance and disregard.
Taking another step forward, he made his second finger attack.
This was the attack that had shattered Meng Hao’s jade pendant.
Meng Hao didn’t bother to spit the blood out of his mouth. He
swallowed it. Fingers flickering with incantations, he sent the
remaining scattered flying swords shooting toward Wang Tengfei in
another attack. Then, surprisingly, he severed his control link to the
swords, letting them fly forward with their own inertia.
He slapped his bag of holding, and suddenly more sword auras
appeared, another twenty, forming a second wave that whistled
forward. This was a sword rain that contained nearly forty flying
swords in total!
SOOYOuNA | 179
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao knew that this tactic had its weaknesses. The flying
swords wouldn’t be dexterous, only fast and sharp. His opponent
wouldn’t find it difficult to avoid an attack. But Meng Hao was betting
that considering his opponent’s vast arrogance, he would most likely
not try to dodge.
Even if he did try to dodge, Meng Hao would be ready. He had
naturally considered this possibility, and was prepared for it.

The scene that was unfolding could only be described as an epic
battle. For Cultivators practicing Qi Condensation, it was something
seldom seen. In the entire State of Zhao in the past several hundred
years, there had never been such a battle between two people of the
sixth level of Qi Condensation!
Meng Hao had plenty of flying swords. After his experience on the
black mountain, he had put a lot of thought into his use of battle
magic. With the help of the Wind Blade, he could control large
amounts of flying swords. However, it took a lot of spiritual power, and
he could only summon twenty each time. Furthermore, his Cultivation
base only permitted him to exercise basic control, enough to shoot
them forward. He couldn’t move them nimbly in the air, or cause them
to change directions. He essentially sacrificed the dexterity of the
flying sword and focused on its ability to fly.
As such, he could use even larger groups of them, the same way an
ordinary person might just throw objects in succession. Except, he
wasn’t using his hands, he was using spiritual power to ensure their
forward movement. As long as he had enough swords and his
spiritual power didn’t run out, he could pay the price.
Wang Tengfei didn’t use Reliance Sect techniques, because he
disdained the Reliance Sect and their techniques. He used
techniques of his powerful Clan, enabling him to gain an edge on his
peers.
SOOYOuNA | 180
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 32: THIS FINGER BROUGHT ME HUMILIATION, TODAY,
I
CRIPPLE IT!

Meng Hao’s flying swords and Wang Tengfei’s special magic
techniques left the surrounding Cultivators awestruck. No longer did
they look down on Meng Hao, but rather were stunned by his vast
array of magical items.
It wasn’t just them. Shangguan Xiu, Grand Elder Ouyang, and even
Sect Leader He Luohua stared in amazement.
Wang Tengfei was strong, able to inspire fear into his Cultivator
peers. Everyone knew this, so to see Meng Hao go toe to toe with
Wang Tengfei caused everyone watching to feel shocked.
At the moment, forty flying swords descended upon him from multiple
directions, a Sword Tempest that seemed as if it could rip apart any
living thing that stood in its path. An ordinary Qi condensation sixthlevel opponent would have difficulty standing up against it.
Meng Hao coughed up more blood. The only way to force himself to
remain upright was to continuously consume Demonic Cores.
A booming sound erupted as Meng Hao’s forty flying swords collided
with the power of Wang Tengfei’s second finger attack. More than half
of them were destroyed, but the finger attack could do nothing to
Meng Hao other than force him to cough up a bit of blood.
Anyone else would be cautious in their approach to dealing with
Meng Hao, but Wang Tengfei was as dismissive as ever. He stepped
forward and waved his finger a third time.
Meng Hao’s spiritual energy was almost completely exhausted. But
he had a lot of Demonic Cores available to replenish himself. During
this entire time, he had managed to keep his spiritual energy at
roughly an even level. As he watched Wang Tengfei make his third
movement, he could not help but recall the same finger attack taking
away the gourd bottle.

