up and down as she spoke, her eyes charming and filled with poise.
Meng Hao, face scarlet, saluted her and retreated as quickly as
possible.
His heart pounded as he left, and didn’t calm down for quite some
time. He looked back at the Hundred Treasures Pavilion and caught
sight of Qiao Ling standing there smiling softly at him.
He felt even more embarrassed. She had taken liberties with him!
He had never experienced a feeling such as this before. It wasn’t a
bad feeling, and he actually enjoyed it a bit. Coughing again, he
lowered his head and continued walking.
About this time, a group of people emerged from the second floor of
the Hundred Treasure’s Pavilion. There were about seven or eight of
them, including men and women. As they walked, SOOYOuNA | 301
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
they chatted with each other. Among them was a young man wearing
a light blue robe, walking in the back. He didn’t look like he belonged,
as if he were an attendant.
As the group left the pavilion, the young man happened to lift his
head and catch sight of Meng Hao.

“Meng Hao!” he cried, staring. This caught the attention of the other
men and women, as well as Meng Hao, who stopped walking and
looked back to see all of them looking at him.
His expression did not change, but in his heart he felt conflicting
emotions. The young man was none other than Zhou Kai, former
disciple of the Reliance Outer Sect. His Cultivation base was at the
fifth level of Qi Condensation. On the day of the Sect’s dissolution, he
had been rolled out by the red fog, and here he was today.
He seemed to be somewhat down and out, following a group of
people dressed in expensive, brocaded garments. Most of them had
threatening demeanors, and one of them was at the seventh level of
Qi Condensation. The rest appeared to be at the sixth. They were
clearly members of the great Sects of the State of Zhao.
Obviously, Zhou Kai had joined them after the dissolution of the
Reliance Sect. For him to be with group such as this, he obviously
could only claim the status of an attendant.
Meng Hao nodded to him but didn’t say anything. He turned and
made to leave.
“Who is this?” said a young man who stood next to Zhou Kai. He
spoke lightly, but his tone was one of pride and arrogance. He wore a
resplendent robe and held a fan in his hand. He was at the seventh
level of Qi Condensation, and the others standing around them began
to whisper among themselves and watch.
“Elder Brother Sun, this is a fellow member of my former Sect,” said
Zhou Kai hesitatingly, not mentioning Meng Hao’s name or his status
in the Sect.
“Meng Hao... that name sounds familiar.”
“I remember,” said one of the women in the group with a laugh. “He’s
the only remaining member of the Reliance Inner Sect. He looks a lot

like the drawing.”
The eyes of all the onlookers suddenly began to shine. Two people
dashed ahead to block Meng Hao’s path. In recent days in the
Cultivation world of the State of Zhao, rumors of a shocking matter
had been circulating.
SOOYOuNA | 302
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The Reliance Sect had disbanded, but Patriarch Reliance wasn’t
dead. He had put on a display of power all for the sake of a single
Inner Sect disciple. He had frightened the most powerful experts of
the State of Zhao, causing a huge sensation. After the experts had
returned from the scene, these rumors had spread across the entire
Cultivation world of the State of Zhao.
Even more hotly discussed was how Founder Reliance had given his
Inner Sect disciple a precious treasure, something powerful enough
to shake the heavens and earth and kill any and all Cultivators. These
rumors spread fast and wide, and as inquiries were made of the
former Reliance Sect disciples, this person’s name was soon
revealed: Meng Hao.
If things had just ended in this fashion, then the matter would soon
have come to rest.
However, after returning from the Reliance Sect, the State of Zhao
experts gradually realized something. Toward the end, it had seemed
as if Patriarch Reliance’s power had begun to wane slightly.
Furthermore, considering Patriarch Reliance’s famous temper, how
could it be that they all were able to escape, without a single one of
them being killed?
Speculation naturally blossomed, and many people began to pay
more and more attention to the Inner Sect disciple Meng Hao. The

three great Sects had issued orders that all disciples sent out of the
Sect pay close attention and attempt to find Meng Hao. His picture
had been distributed along with the order.
Now, people weren’t certain. Even if Patriarch Reliance was alive,
was his Cultivation base as powerful as before? Filled with misgivings
about the matter, the three great Sects had proclaimed rewards
would be given to any disciple who, upon encountering Meng Hao,
could get information about the power of the treasure he carried.
Meng Hao stood there, looking coldly at the two people blocking his
way. He heard footsteps behind him as four others blocked his path
of retreat. His left and right paths also contained people. It seemed he
was completely surrounded.
Within the Hundred Treasures Pavilion, Qiao Ling looked down with a
frown.
“May I help you, sirs and ladies?” said Meng Hao coolly, his gaze
sweeping around. His expression seemed indifferent, as calm as still
water. He seemed completely confident, yet also cautious.
“No,” said the extravagantly dressed young man with a smile, fanning
himself. “We’ve just heard that Meng Hao has a gift bestowed upon
him by Patriarch Reliance. Having happened to run into you, we were
hoping to take a look.” Within his smile glinted an icy coldness. And
yet, his heart was circumspect; any treasured gift given by Patriarch
Reliance should be treated with utmost caution.
SOOYOuNA | 303
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
But, these were disciples of the three Great Sects, which granted
them extremely high status.

Therefore, despite Meng Hao being at the seventh level of Qi
Condensation, they still felt themselves above him.
“That’s right,” said another of the people surrounding him. He
laughed. “Fellow Daoist Meng does have the treasure. Why not take
it out for us to have a look?” He clearly viewed Meng Hao as being
completely boxed in, with no way out.
Meng Hao looked as calm as ever, his eyes shining with a cold light.
His mouth twisted mockingly, and he suddenly slapped his bag of
holding, causing the people surrounding him to dodge to the side.
Some of them even pulled out magical items.
A beam of light flashed, and suddenly, Meng Hao’s iron spear
appeared in his hand. He stabbed it down into the ground, imbuing it
with some spiritual energy so that it appeared to be a mighty weapon.
It hummed, the sound reverberating about, causing the surrounding
people to unconsciously take a step back, their gazes fixed on the
spear.
“Whoever wishes to die can come up for a closer look,” said Meng
Hao coolly, taking two steps back and flicking his wide sleeve. He
appeared supremely confident, especially his mocking eyes and
smile, as if he knew beyond doubt that anyone who attempted to look
closely at the spear would be killed by it.
Actually, Meng Hao had taken two steps back because it brought him
closer to the city gate.
As soon as the surrounding people walked forward to look at the
spear, he would attack, then take advantage of the chaos to flee.
After all, this city was controlled by the three great Sects, and he
knew that he could not get involved in any trouble here.
Everything was quiet as the onlookers gazed at the iron spear. At first
glance, it did appeare to be a bit beyond ordinary. It was covered with

sweeping, decorative patterns, incredibly complex, dazzling even.
The more people looked at it, the more amazing it seemed.
It glowed, its tip emitting beams of light which pierced the eyes like
lightning.
Even Qiao Ling, up in the Hundred Treasures Pavilion, couldn’t help
but gaze at it. More girls appeared around her, all of them staring
down.
After looking at it for a while, the several disciples from the great
Sects frowned.
“It doesn’t look like anything special; there are just some fancy
markings on it. It doesn’t seem to have any incantations on it at all... ”
SOOYOuNA | 304
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The fancy young man with the fan also frowned. “That’s the treasure
given to him by Patriarch Reliance?” After examining it, he laughed,
then beckoned for Zhou Kai to step forward.
At this moment, the sound of footsteps could be heard from outside
the East gate, drawing the attention of the surrounding Cultivators.
Meng Hao’s eyes flashed, and then he frowned.
Clustered outside the East gate was a group of ten or more
Cultivators wearing white robes.
Some of them looked familiar, and when he saw the color of their
robes, he knew that these were the disciples from whatever great
Sect had been holding the trial by fire.
As he saw them entering through the East gate, he realized that his
path of escape was now blocked. His frown deepened, and his hand
slowly lowered to his bag of holding.

The fancy young man with the fan looked at the white robed
Cultivators, and his eyes gleamed.
His face filled with reverence, he cupped his hands in salute and said,
“Elder Brothers from the Violet Fate Sect, I am humble Sun Hua [1]
from the Winding Stream Sect. Greetings, Fellow Daoists.”
Hearing this, looks of awe appeared on the faces of the surrounding
Cultivators. They followed along with the first man as he saluted the
white-robed Cultivators. They were famous figures from various
Sects, and normally held a high position within the State of Zhao. But
to meet disciples from a truly great Sect from the Southern Domain,
they were instantly lowered down.
Their expressions were suddenly that of longing and courtesy.
Recently, they had all received jade slips from their respective Sects
reminding them that if they ran into any white-robed disciples from the
Violet Fate Sect of the Southern Domain, they were not to provoke
them.
As the white-robed Cultivators entered the city, they saw the State of
Zhao disciples, but completely ignored them. Hearing their identities
called out caused a couple of them to frown.
Their eyes swept the surroundings, then came to rest on the iron
spear stuck into the ground.
They stopped in their tracks.
Other disciples who were watching the scene looked astonished.
Their excited eyes flickered to stare at the State of Zhao Cultivators.
1. Sun Hua’s name in Chinese is 孙华 sūn huá – Sun is a common
surname. Hua can mean many things bun in names, most likely
“magnificent” or “splendid”
SOOYOuNA | 305

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 55: OVERBEARING
A dark look flashed through Meng Hao’s eyes. He was surrounded by
disciples of various Sects from the State of Zhao, and the white-robed
Cultivators were approaching from the East gate.
If he aroused the attention of the various eccentrics from the three
sects within the city, then his chances of getting away would be very
slim.
When the disciples of the State of Zhao Sects saw the Violet Fate
Sect disciples walking up, excited expressions lit their faces. To be
able to make friends with them would increase their standing in their
own respective Sects, and would provide great advantages in further
development. Most of them had assumed the Violet Fate Sect
disciples would ignore all of them, but it turned out they really were
approaching them.
“Elder Brother Sun is very well known; that must be why they’re
coming over.”
“Yeah. He’s a blood relative of one of the Elders of the Winding
Stream Sect. His Cultivation base is extraordinary. The Violet Fate
Sect disciples must be coming over to give him some face.” One by
one, ingratiating smiles appeared on the faces of the surrounding
State of Zhao disciples, especially the young man in the expensive
clothes. He was growing more and more excited. Hearing the
whispers of the bystanders, his heart filled with pride. It seemed he
was fairly well-known after all, enough so to cause the Violet Fate
Sect disciples to walk over. This matter would surely be talked about
near and far, and his standing in the Sect would change immediately.
His name would be known throughout the entire Cultivation world of
the State of Zhao.

It seemed that to Meng Hao, what was happening was no big deal.
He smiled, looking like he didn’t care at all. As the young man in
expensive clothes moved forward to greet the white-robed
Cultivators, the State of Zhao disciples followed. The female disciples
among them looked especially excited.
Meng Hao’s eyes flickered. He pulled the iron spear out of the
ground, and then turned to leave.
“Daoist Brothers from the Violet Fate Sect, I, Sun, shall treat you to a
feast in the Phoenix Heaven Restaurant,” said Sun Hua, his
expression one of extreme excitement and pride.
“Fellow State of Zhao disciples, please join me in receiving the
brothers from the Violet Fate Sect.” The collection of Cultivators
behind him made the image even more distinct. Coupled with his
excited expression, it was clear that he was taking the lead among
the State of Zhao disciples.
SOOYOuNA | 306
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Even as the words left his mouth, and he bowed with cupped hands,
the Violet Fate Sect disciples walked past him, not even looking at
him. En masse, they passed the entire group without a glance,
hurrying quickly forward.
Sun Hua’s mouth dropped open as he watched this happen, as did
the other State of Zhao disciples who were following him.
At the same time, the person in the lead position of the Violet Fate
Sect disciples let out a hearty laugh.
“Fellow Daoist, please stay,” he said. “Brother, did you just return from
the treasure mountain?

You have an outstanding demeanor. All of us who witnessed your
actions on the mountain hold you in the highest regard. I am Qian
Shuihen [1] of the Violet Fate Sect. Greetings, Fellow Daoist, may I
respectfully ask your esteemed name?”
“Fellow Daoist, we’ve been looking for you,” said another. “We never
imagined that we would run into you here. Hahaha! If the Fellow
Daoist has time, I will send someone to arrange a banquet. I am Lu
Song [2] of the Violet Fate Sect. Please, allow me to treat you to a
feast.”
Among the ten or more Violet Fate Sect disciples, these two had the
highest Cultivation bases.
They were at the eighth level of Qi Condensation. Faces filled with
smiles, they hurried in front of Meng Hao, blocking his way. The
spoke with utmost politeness, and when they approached, they
saluted with clasped hands. When the State of Zhao disciples saw
this happening; their faces filled with awe and veneration.
An almost imperceptible frown appeared on Meng Hao’s face, but
quickly disappeared. He smiled, and returned a polite salute. He
mumbled his name unclearly, although he knew that even though he
didn’t say it clearly, these people could search him easily if they
wanted to.
The State of Zhao Cultivators watched on in disbelief. Their heads
spun as they watched the Violet Fate Sect disciples chatting in this
way to Meng Hao.
This was especially true of Sun Hua, whose face went through a
series of different expressions.
He was insulted, of course, and watched Meng Hao with a look of
disbelief.

He knew that the white-robed Cultivators were from the Violet Fate
Sect in the Southern Domain. They were proud and arrogant,
considering themselves to be unmatched in the world.
And yet, they were incredibly polite to Meng Hao, and their eyes were
filled with veneration.
Although he wasn’t quite sure what had just happened, cold sweat
broke out on his forehead when he saw them being so polite. He
realized that if he had made a move just now to test out the spear, he
would most likely have lost a lot of face.
SOOYOuNA | 307
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He wasn’t the only one who was shocked. Zhou Kai looked on,
dumbfounded. Originally, he had regretted calling out Meng Hao’s
name, but watching this scene unfold, his eyes filled with admiration.
“Elder Brother Meng really did deserve to be an Inner Sect disciple.
It’s a good thing I gave him those Spirit Stones back then. The Sect
was dissolved, and we were kicked away like stray dogs, but he’s still
out stirring up trouble. And somehow he’s got the disciples from one
of the great Sects of the Southern Domain to treat him so well.” Zhou
Kai sighed inwardly.
Up in the Hundred Treasures Pavilion, Qiao Ling blinked a few times,
watching in disbelief as the Violet Fate Sect disciples surrounded
Meng Hao. When she saw him speaking calmly with them, she
couldn’t forget what had happened moments ago between her and
Meng Hao. Her interest in him was piqued even more.
“Elder Brother Meng,” said Qian Shuihen, shifting the conversation
topic to the spear in Meng Hao’s hand. “Is this the treasured holy
spear you used to rebuke the Demonic beasts on the treasure
mountain?” He had looked the spear over just now, but it didn’t seem

to have any extraordinary qualities. And yet he clearly remembered
how Meng Hao had wielded it to bloody so many Demonic beasts.
“Of course it is,” said Lu Song, laughing. “Your actions on the
mountain that day left me in complete veneration of you. Elder
Brother Meng, there’s no reason to deny it.”
A strange look appeared in Meng Hao’s eyes, but only for a moment.
He smiled and nodded.
“Yes, this is the spear I used that day on the mountain,” he said
candidly.
“This spear can only be called a great treasure,” said Lu Song. “I saw
you use it to injure many Demonic beasts. Countless, in fact. Elder
Brother Meng’s mighty actions have replayed themselves constantly
in my mind.” He glanced at the spear, his eyes burning. Then he
looked over coldly at Qian Shuihen, and the two of them locked
gazes. They clearly didn’t like each other, and both of them knew that
the other was determined to come out on top.
When the State of Zhao Cultivators heard all of this, their gazes were
drawn to the iron spear.
Their original intention had been to examine this treasure of Meng
Hao’s. As of now, they didn’t need to. If the Violet Fate Sect disciples
were convinced of its power, then it must be true.
Sun Hua’s eyes gleamed, and he walked forward a few steps, staring
at the iron spear.
“Although, I do have to say,” laughed Lu Song with a shake of his
head, “Elder Brother Meng, you really threw our trial by fire into
chaos. You took so many medicinal pills, Spirit Stones SOOYOuNA |
308
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

and magical items from the treasure mountain....” From his
expression, it seemed he didn’t mind.
“Oh that... ” Meng Hao laughed, taking a few steps back.
“It’s no matter,” said Qian Shuihen, taking a few steps forward, eyes
on the spear. “That treasure mountain belongs to Eccentric Song, and
he shot his mouth off, saying that anyone with the skills could take
whatever they want. Actually, Elder Brother Meng’s actions left me
feeling immensely satisfied. But... Elder Brother Meng, regarding this
spear; would you be willing to offer it up for sale? The Violet Fate
Sect would be willing to offer a fair price for it!”
Because Meng Hao held it in his hand, Qian Shuihen had no way to
thoroughly inspect it.
Because he was not at the Foundation Establishment stage, he didn’t
have Spiritual Sense, and therefore no way to sense the minute
details.
“Well....” Meng Hao looked hesitant.
“Elder Brother Meng,” said Lu Song, his eyes glittering. “This spear is
really very important to us. Please, allow yourself to part with it!” He
knew that the first objective was to force Meng Hao into agreeing.
Then he and Qian Shuihen would have to battle it out. He took a step
forward as he spoke, an overbearing air filling his eyes.
“Eccentric Song treats people wickedly and mercilessly. You took
away many of his most prized treasures. If our Violet Fate Sect’s
Elder Wu hadn’t held him back, Elder Brother Meng would be in quite
a bit of danger right now.” Qian Shuihen advanced further, his bearing
extremely overbearing. At this point, he made no effort to conceal his
power and might as he spoke.
The other Violet Fate Sect disciples slowly moved forward, forming a
circle around them. Their eyes gleamed with the desire to lay hands

on the spear.
“This spear is just an ordinary item,” said Meng Hao, looking around
at the circle of people, then turning back to Lu Song and Qian
Shuihen with a frown.
“Elder Brother Meng, there’s no need for jokes,” said Lu Song with a
laugh, his eyes moving over the haft of the spear. “I know I’m not
mistaken. This is the spear that you used. That notch in the side, I
saw it clearly that day.”
Meng Hao stared blankly. It seemed this person had looked at the
spear even more closely than he had. He hadn’t notice any notch
before, but now that he looked, sure enough, there it was.
SOOYOuNA | 309
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
When Lu Song saw his expression, it only served to further his
certainty. Though he wore a smile on his face, his eyes were cold. He
wasn’t allowed to kill Meng Hao to earn a spot in the Inner Sect, but
could use other means, and he wouldn’t hold back.
“Even if it’s only an ordinary object, we still wish to buy it,” said Qian
Shuihen threateningly, his voice even colder than before. “We are
determined to have this spear. Please, Elder Brother Meng, don’t
make things difficult for us, otherwise, we will be very displeased, and
you will be too. You might have the spear in hand, but the Violet Fate
Sect is one of the five great Sects of the Southern Domain. Even this
far away, our power is greater than you can imagine, Fellow Daoist.
Furthermore... it’s not we who want the spear, but rather Sect Elder
Wu.”
Upon hearing this, the State of Zhao Cultivators all exchanged
glances. Their faces lit up with sneers for Meng Hao, but they
maintained their silence.

Sun Hua’s smile was especially wide. Gaining the help of these
people to get information about the spear was a good thing.
Regardless of what happened in the end, he should be able to take
advantage of the situation to make a move. Furthermore, despite
Meng Hao having a treasured spear, he wouldn’t dare to offend a
great sect from the Southern Domain.
“If I don’t agree, will you force me?” asked Meng Hao, his gaze
growing grim.
“Our Sect doesn’t steal treasures from people,” said Lu Song with a
laugh. “But Elder Brother Meng should think things through carefully.
What good will it do you to offend us?
Furthermore... if we really wanted to steal the spear, we could get
other people to do it for us.
We wouldn’t have to do anything.” He glanced over at the State of
Zhao disciples standing a short distance away and nodded. Sun Hua
and the others suddenly looked very excited.
“Elder Brother Meng, I, Qian, very much admire your performance on
the treasure mountain.
But let’s not beat around the bush. Whether or not you want to sell
the spear, you will!” His eyes were grim, and his words cold.
Meng Hao’s heart groaned. If these people wanted to bring trouble
upon themselves, he wouldn’t stop them. A variety of expressions
crossed his face, and he retreated a few more steps back, muttering
to himself. Then, gritting his teeth, he lifted his head. His eyes were
bloodshot.
“Esteemed Violet Fate Sect disciples. If you truly wish to purchase my
spear, please, name your price.” Meng Hao flicked his sleeve,
stabbing the spear into the ground. His face seemed to be grim and
filled with pain.

SOOYOuNA | 310
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
1. Qian Shuihen’s name in Chinese is 千水痕 qiān shuǐ hén – Qian is
a surname which also means “1,000.” Shui hen literally means “water
mark”
2. Lu Song’s name in Chinese is 吕宋 lǚ sòng – Lu is a common
surname. Song has no real meaning. It’s the same “Song” as the
Song Dynasty
SOOYOuNA | 311
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 56: ELDER BROTHER MENG, WHETHER OR NOT YOU
WANT TO TRADE, YOU WILL!
When Meng Hao spoke, everything went quiet. Everyone’s eyes
focused on the iron spear sticking out of the ground.
Qian Shuihen laughed loudly, cupping hands in salute to Meng Hao.
“So, Elder Brother Meng is willing to part with his treasure. I, Qian,
will not allow you to suffer a loss.” He pulled out a bag of holding and
tossed it to the ground. “Here are five hundred Spirit Stones!” Clinking
sounds rang out as five-hundred Spirit Stones appeared, forming a
small mountain. Off to the side, the State of Zhao disciples watched,
gloating over Meng Hao’s misfortune. Five hundred Spirit Stones was
not a small amount, but also not a very large amount. If he sold a
treasured item for that amount, he would become a laughingstock.
They weren’t the only ones to think about the price. Meng Hao
frowned. The difference was, his thinking was different from that of
the State of Zhao disciples. In his estimation, the iron spear was

probably worth two pieces of silver. To trade it for five hundred Spirit
Stones meant that he was actually making a tidy profit.
“Are you kidding me?” said Lu Song. “Don’t try to bully Elder Brother
Meng. You think you can buy a treasure like that with just five
hundred Spirit Stones? I will buy it for one thousand five hundred
Spirit Stones!” With a cold harrumph and the flick of a sleeve, he
produced a bag of holding. More clinking sounds rang out as one
thousand five hundred shining Spirit Stones emerged, producing a
pile much higher than Qian Shuihen’s. It was a grand sight which left
everyone nervous with anticipation.
The State of Zhao disciples’ hearts pounded. To them, one thousand
five hundred Spirit Stones was a lot. Even though they were disciples
of the three great Sects, it would still be difficult to accumulate so
many. They panted as they watched. Even Sun Hua seemed to
quiver with eagerness. Zhou Kai stood behind him, dumbfounded. His
admiration for Meng Hao grew even stronger, and he felt regret in his
heart. He shouldn’t have called out Meng Hao’s name just now. He
sighed, realizing that it was his fault that Meng Hao was being forced
to sell his treasure.
“Junior Brother Song really does have gall,” said Qian Shuihen, giving
Lu Song a cold look. He was determined to win the treasure. As far
as he was concerned, it was his ticket into the Inner Sect, and he
would not give up, no matter what price he had to pay. As of now, his
true opponent was Lu Song. The two of them could clearly not
discuss acquiring the spear together.
SOOYOuNA | 312
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“All of you! Give me your Spirit Stones,” said Qian Shuihen, turning to
looking at the five or six disciples behind him. “When we return to the
Sect I will find a way to repay you.” Without hesitation, they opened
their bags of holding and produced all of their Spirit Stones.

“Two thousand one hundred Spirit Stones,” Qian Shuihen said coolly,
looking as if he didn’t care in the slightest. “Elder Brother Meng, these
are all the items that I possess.” He gave a cold look to Lu Song.
Lu Song’s face twisted. The one thousand five hundred Spirit Stones
he’d offered had been borrowed from the handful of fellow disciples
behind him. Seeing how many Qian Shuihen had produced, as well
as Meng Hao’s apparent hesitation, he suddenly slapped his bag of
holding.
“Elder Brother Meng, I have no more Spirit Stones. But, I have
medicinal pills.” A bottle appeared in his hand. “Here are three
Heavenly Water Pills, suitable for any Cultivator of the eighth level of
Qi condensation or lower. It is one of the best pills produced by the
Pill Cultivation Workshop of our Violet Fate Sect. Each pill is worth
five hundred Spirit Stones.”
The burning look in the eyes of the State of Zhao disciples grew more
intense. They knew how valuable Heavenly Water Pills were.
Sun Hua’s breathing grew heavier. He had heard the Elders of his
Sect speak of Heavenly Water Pills, and knew that they were one of
the three most effective types of pills within the Southern Domain for
eighth level Qi Condensation Cultivators. Even within the Violet Fate
Sect, prominent members of the Outer Sect would have a hard time
getting their hands on one.
Qian Shuihen frowned, his eyes fixed on Lu Song. Clenching his jaw,
he slapped his bag of holding and produced his own pill bottle.
“I have no Heavenly Water Pills,” said Qian Shuihen dramatically,
“but, seeing that Elder Brother Meng is of the seventh level of Qi
Condensation, please accept these seven Earthly Spirit Pills. They
were awarded to me for meritorious service within the Sect. They are
perfectly suited for the seventh level of Qi Condensation.”

“I have some piddling Earthly Spirit Pills too,” said Lu Song with a
cold laugh. He looked back at the disciples behind him. They gritted
their teeth and produced their bags of holding, handing over ten
Earthly Spirit Pills. They looked with reddened eyes at Qian Shuihen
and his group.
“Elder Brother Qian, look....” said Meng Hao shyly. His heart beat
rapidly.
Qian Shuihen’s face changed as he realized that his offerings didn’t
match up to Lu Song’s. But this was his opportunity to enter the Inner
Sect. He would not let it pass.
SOOYOuNA | 313
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Junior Brother Lu, you are determined to have it out with me today,
aren’t you? Fine!” His eyes flashing fiercely. He slapped his bag of
holding, and immediately, a black beam shot out, transforming into a
black spike. It glittered like lightning, producing multiple afterimages.
The afterimages all came to rest on Qian Shuihen’s hand, and
everything grew quiet.
It was pitch black and carried an air of indescribable sharpness.
“Elder Brother Meng, this is a magical item bestowed upon me by the
Sect. It is called the Hellfighting Spike. Cold and dark, if it wounds an
opponent, the wound will freeze over and an intense coldness will
enter their body.” Qian Shuihen forced himself to ignore his heartache
as he spoke.
When the spike appeared, the faces of the disciples behind Qian
Shuihen filled with envy. Lu Song’s expression changed, and he
looked distressed. He had never imagined that Qian Shuihen would
take out the black spike.

Meng Hao’s eyes widened and his heart raced even faster. It wasn’t
just him. A buzz of conversation arose among the nearby State of
Zhao disciples.
“That’s a Hellfighting Spike from the Violet Fate Sect. I’ve heard the
Elders speak of it. Only the Violet Fate Sect possesses them. It’s said
there are only one hundred and eight in existence.
Each one is shockingly powerful.”
Sun Hua’s mouth grew dry, and he stared fixated at the spike. He
wished beyond anything that he could be Meng Hao, then he could
have this treasure.
Lu Song’s face continued to twist. Grinding his teeth angrily, he
thought about the chance to join the Inner Sect, and how there was
only one spot available. He would not retreat from this opportunity.
Enduring the disappointment, he slapped his bag of holding and
produced a treasure.
It was a feather fan, composed of a total of sixteen multi-colored
feathers. As soon as it appeared, it emanated a shocking spiritual
power which struck fear into the hearts of the onlookers.
“Elder Brother Meng, this is my most valuable treasure. It is a Milky
Way Fan. You don’t need to practice with it at all, you can use it
immediately. It allows the user to soar, and can change size. The
sixteen feathers can also fly out in an attack, or circle around you to
form a shield. It can be used in both attack and defense. It is not a
treasure of our Sect, but rather something I acquired by luck. Allow
me to present it to you in trade, Fellow Daoist.” An unsightly
expression filled his face, and his heart fairly dripped with blood, but
in contending with Qian Shuihen for a spot in the Inner Sect, he
charged forth without regard to rhyme or reason.
SOOYOuNA | 314

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
When the fan appeared, Qian Shuihen’s facial expression changed.
He took two steps back, his eyes filling with lines of blood. He knew
that this was an extremely valuable treasure. To offer this up was
almost like risking one’s life.
As for the State of Zhao disciples, they looked shocked, and their
heads hummed. They might not be familiar with the fan, but it was
obviously a spectacularly extraordinary item. It emitted fierce spiritual
power which left their hearts pounding in shock.
Sun Hua’s eyes grew wide, and his body trembled as it filled with a
fierce envy.
Meng Hao took in a deep breath. At the moment, he actually wasn’t
very happy, but instead apprehensive. He had already offended
Eccentric Song, and the thought of deeply offending the Violet Fate
Sect caused a cold sweat to break out over his entire body. But it
seemed that whether or not he wanted to trade... he would have to.
His current appearance, his frown, and the dark look in his eyes, all
made the onlookers think that he didn’t view the treasures in front of
him as valuable enough to trade.
“Elder Brother Meng, I also have a Plateau Charging Pill, useful at the
ninth level of Qi Condensation.” Ignoring the pain in his heart, Qian
Shuihen slapped his bag of holding and produced a pill bottle. “It is
very precious. Any Cultivator of the ninth level of Qi Condensation
would go crazy upon seeing just one. Even though it can’t compare to
a Foundation Establishment Pill, it’s still very valuable.” As he spoke,
he didn’t even look at Meng Hao, but rather Lu Song.
“This spear...” Meng Hao felt even more conflicted at heart, and he
was about to speak further when suddenly Lu Song raised his head
to the sky and laughed loudly. He lifted up his hand and pulled a

brocaded pouch out of his robe. He turned it over, and a thick, round
pill fell out.
It was black, and did not emit even a shred of spiritual power. But,
seeing how Lu Song treated it with utmost care, it was obviously
some sort of treasure.
“Elder Brother Meng, this pill is not reusable. In fact, it is a rare
magical pill. When you crush it, it will turn into a hyper toxic black
scorpion that can injure a Cultivator of the ninth level of Qi
Condensation, perhaps even kill him. This magical pill was bestowed
upon me by my clan.
Here, take it!” Lu Song’s eyes were red, but they weren’t looking at
Meng Hao, but rather Qian Shuihen. He held the magical pill up in
trade, but he was actually using it to threaten Qian Shuihen, as if this
were the tie-breaker.
Qian Shuihen’s expression changed, and his eyes flashed, filling with
killing intent. But he quickly got himself under control, and then
casually said, “Perhaps we should both trade for the treasure, then
take it back to Elder Wu and let him decide what to do.”
SOOYOuNA | 315
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Lu Song didn’t respond. He didn’t actually want to attack. If it were in
a remote place where no one could see, perhaps he would. But
things were complicated with so many people watching. He had only
wanted to threaten Qian Shuihen. Upon hearing the suggestion, he
nodded. Even though it hurt a bit, when he looked at the Plateau
Charging Pill in Qian Shuihen’s hand, he could only clench his jaw
and put his magical pill down in front of him.
Seeing this, Qian Shuihen relaxed a big. Without asking Meng Hao,
he grabbed the iron spear and sped off. Lu Song went with him, also

holding the spear. They shot toward the city gate, each of them
eyeing the other suspiciously.
The other Violet Fate Sect disciples immediately charged after them,
instantly disappearing through the city gate and off into the distance.
They appeared to be heading in the direction of the State Shield
Mountain chain.
Meng Hao’s heart raced. Without hesitation, he flicked his sleeve,
collecting all of the various objects. Then he turned and sped off as
fast as possible. The eyes of the disciples of the State of Zhao
glittered brightly, especially Sun Hua’s. His eyes filled with fervor, and
he moved to pursue and attack Meng Hao. But Meng Hao waved his
right hand and the fan flew out to land beneath his feet. His speed
increased rapidly, and he shot off into the distance.
At the same time, the middle-aged man sitting next to the Pill furnace
in the Hundred Treasures Pavilion cracked open his eyes. They
flashed like lighting as he watched Meng Hao disappearing.
“These Violet Fate Sect disciples get worse and worse with each
generation,” he said coolly.
“They are idiots. Even though they don’t have the Spiritual Sense of
the Foundation Establishment stage, they should still be able to tell
that thing is useless.”
Upon hearing this, Qiao Ling and the other girls, who had just
watched everything happen, looked incredulous.
“It’s just an iron spear,” the man said quietly. “That young member of
the junior generation, surnamed Meng, he said it himself.” He closed
his eyes again.
SOOYOuNA | 316
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

CHAPTER 57: WAS IT WORTH IT?
Meng Hao felt quite conflicted. He stood on the treasured fan he had
just acquired, using as much spiritual power as he could muster to
flee at top speed. He feared that if he was even the least bit slow, he
would be attacked and robbed.
“First I offended Eccentric Song,” sighed Meng Hao, “and then the
Violet Fate Sect... But it’s not my fault, they forced me to trade.” In his
mind, he was innocent. At the time, he had no choice but to trade the
spear.... Sighing repeatedly, he pushed himself to go faster, getting
closer and closer to the State Shield Mountain range.
“I need to find a place to hide for a while. If someone catches up with
me, I’ll be in great danger...” Meng Hao frowned. The power of the
treasured fan faded, and he dropped to the ground, tucking the fan
away and starting to run.
“When will I be able to reach Foundation Establishment? Then I’ll be
able to really fly!”
Two days passed, during which time Meng Hao didn’t rest at all. He
just kept running, thinking about how he hadn’t rested at all since
Shangguan Xiu began to chase him on Mount Daqing.
But he had no choice. The thought of what would happen if he didn’t
was too ghastly to contemplate.
Meanwhile, deep in the State Shield Mountain chain, atop the plateau
next to the treasure mountain, Wu Dingqiu held up a Go piece,
smiling broadly. After thinking for no less than one hour, he slowly put
the piece onto the board.
Eccentric Song’s face was like iron. With a cold snort, he slammed a
piece down onto the board.

“Eccentric Song, your Cultivation base is so refined. You shouldn’t
allow yourself to be in such a mood.” Wu Dingqiu stroked his beard
and laughed. He looked as calm as a cool wind.
“Cultivators of our generation should be able to settle our Qi and calm
our minds. Even with mountains crumbling around us, our
expressions shouldn’t change. But look at you! Are you really so ill-atease because of some nobody from the junior generation?”
“If our positions were switched, you would be the same,” said
Eccentric Song sourly.
“Absolutely not! If I, Wu, were in this position, I would only offer
praise, and would certainly not feel anger. In the Violet Fate Sect, we
cultivate our disposition, and would not allow something like this to
arouse our anger. No offense, Eccentric Song, but as far as this type
of SOOYOuNA | 317
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
cultivation goes, you really have something to learn from the Violet
Fate Sect.” Wu Dingqiu laughed, obviously quite pleased with
himself.
“How about this,” he continued. “After we finish this game of Go, you
can come with me to the Violet Fate Sect. I will allow you to peruse
our Moral Cultivation Manual, and then you will understand what it
means to settle the Qi and calm the mind.” Wu Dingqiu’s smile was
so wide that wrinkles appeared on his face.
Eccentric Song harrumphed, refusing to respond and simply looking
off into the distance. Wu Dingqiu’s smile grew stronger, and he too
looked off into the distance. Shortly, two figures could be seen racing
toward them through the forest. It was Qian Shuihen and Lu Song.
They gripped an iron spear between the two of them as they made a
beeline for the plateau. They were followed by a small group of other
Violet Fate Sect disciples.

Qian Shuihen and Lu Song stepped foot onto the plateau and both
began to speak at the same time.
“Greetings, Elder Wu. Disciple has accomplished the task. I have
acquired the treasured item through trade.”
“Greetings, Elder Wu, fortunately, I have not failed in my mission. I
was able to trade for the spear.”
Eccentric Song’s face was grim as Wu Dingqiu’s laughter rang out.
“Excellent. Good job, you two.” He laughed. “I will take it upon myself
to promote both of you to the Inner Sect. You didn’t cause any
problems for that kid, did you?”
“I am pleased to report that we made a fair trade,” said Qian Shuihen
hastily. Next to him, Lu Song nodded fervently, looking excited. “We
didn’t cause any problems for him.”
“Eccentric Song, come, let’s take a look at this treasured, divine
spear.” Wu Dingqiu laughed.
He flicked his sleeve, and the iron spear flew toward him.
The instant it touched his hand, Wu Dingqiu’s expression changed.
His eyes flashed as he examined the spear closer. Grim-faced
Eccentric Song also took a close look, whereupon, his eyes began to
shine. He stared open mouthed, then suddenly smiled.
Wu Dingqiu’s expression grew more and more unsightly. No matter
from which aspect he looked at the spear, it was ordinary in nature.
Refusing to believe that it was true, he pointed SOOYOuNA | 318
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
the spear at a random Demonic beast further down the mountain.
The creature didn’t even notice.

The expression on his face was unsightly to the extreme. He slowly
raised his head, looking coldly at Qian Shuihen and Lu Song.
When they saw the look in Wu Dingqiu’s eyes, their excitement faded,
and they began to tremble. Blank expressions filled their eyes.
“What did you trade for this spear?” asked Wu Dingqiu, one word at a
time.
Looking nervous, Qian Shuihen said, “Disciple gave two thousand
Spirit Stones, seven Earthly Spirit Pills, one of the Sect’s Hellfighting
Spikes, and... and a Plateau Charging Pill.”
Wu Dingqiu’s face grew dark.
Next, Lu Song spoke: “Disciple gave one thousand, five hundred
Spirit Stones, three Heavenly Spirit Pills, a treasured fan, and a
magical pill.”
Eccentric Song burst out laughing. It was the laughter of release, as if
all of his pent up depression from the past few days had suddenly
disappeared.
Wu Dingqiu was mad enough, but when he heard the price the two
disciples had paid, along with Eccentric Song’s peals of laughter, his
rage exploded. He suddenly let out a furious roar.
“Good-for-nothing fools! This iron spear is a fake!”
It echoed out like thunder, shattering the Go board. Cracks appeared
on the surface of the mountain beneath his feet. Qian Shuihen and Lu
Song tumbled to the ground, blood spraying out of their mouths.Their
heads spun as Wu Dingqiu’s single word echoed in their hearts.
“Fake...” They were stunned.
This word thundered out in all directions along with his roar, filling
nearly half of the entire State Shield Mountain range and reaching

even Eastern Refinement City.
It eventually reached the ears of Sun Hua, filling him with confusion.
After a moment, his expression changed, and a look of shock filled
his face.
SOOYOuNA | 319
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“The spear was a fake?” He looked at his companions, and looks of
realization appeared on their faces as well.
“It couldn’t be that the iron spear that was a fake, could it...?”
Inside the Hundred Treasures Pavilion, Qiao Ling was in the midst of
introducing a magical item to a Cultivator when she heard the noise
outside. Amazed, she thought back to Meng Hao’s iron spear, and a
strange look appeared on her face.
Next to the pill furnace, the middle-aged man opened his eyes, and
they flickered with a mocking expression. Without a word, he closed
them again.
Far away from the plateau in the State Shield Mountains, Meng Hao
lowered his head and ran even faster.
Eccentric Song’s splitting laughter undulated throughout the
mountains. Wu Dingqiu’s face couldn’t look more horrible. He, an
Elder of the Violet Fate Sect, had been hoodwinked by a Cultivator of
the Qi Condensation stage. Even though it didn’t directly involve him,
he would definitely lose face when word spread.
He wanted to track Meng Hao down immediately. He turned to look at
Qian Shuihen and Lu Song, who stood there terrified. He was
disgusted, but in his heart he sighed. These disciples had spent all
their days within the Sect, and didn’t have any experience dealing
with outsiders.

They were flowers raised indoors, inexperienced and incapable of
dealing with schemes.
With a cold harrumph, he tossed the iron spear to the ground and
took a few steps forward, casting his senses about in search of Meng
Hao. But then, Eccentric Song stepped forward to block his way,
laughing complacently.
“Fellow Daoist Wu, please don’t lose your temper,” he said. “Your
Violet Fate Sect stresses the need to settle the Qi and calm the mind,
to cultivating one’s disposition. Don’t allow a small matter like this to
arouse your ire. When it comes to this type of cultivation, you should
really do a bit more research into your Sect’s Moral Cultivation
Manual.” Eccentric Song laughed heartily. Earlier, he had been
prevented from leaving no matter what he said, so of course now he
would do the same thing to Wu Dingqiu.
“You...” Wu Dingqiu’s face grew dark, and he stared fixedly at
Eccentric Song. But he didn’t say anything.
“You broke the Go board, so now we can’t finish,” said Eccentric
Song with a smile. “How about this: You were going to take me to
your Violet Fate Sect, right? Well, let’s go! We can chat and play Go
for a few months.” The depression had faded completely from his
heart. Seeing Wu SOOYOuNA | 320
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Dingqiu like this made him incredibly happy. As far as the treasures
Meng Hao had taken, he didn’t care anymore. What was most
important to him was the look of outrage and insult on Wu Dingqiu’s
face.
He pulled at Wu Dingqiu, clearly having no intention of allowing him
to resist.

Wu Dingqiu’s heart was filled with gloom. He glared at Eccentric
Song, then let out a long sigh.
He knew that the man wouldn’t let him pursue Meng Hao. He
stamped his foot angrily, then allowed Eccentric Song to pull him up
into the air.
“You useless imbeciles won’t be able to keep up,” said Wu Dingqiu,
looking down at trembling Qian Shuihen and Lu Song. “The Inner
Sect promotion is a failure. Return to the Sect and immediately go
into secluded meditation!” The other disciples watched on, palefaced.
“Damn you, Meng Hao,” said Lu Song, lowering his head, his face
twisted with rage. “I will never forget this, you shameless bastard!” He
ground his teeth when he recalled Meng Hao’s bashful expression,
and it looked as if his eyes might erupt with flames. He had never met
anyone so impudent in his entire life. The spear was obviously a fake.
His face filled with pain when he thought of how much he had paid for
it. When he thought about the lost chance to enter the Inner Sect, he
was so angry that he almost spat up blood.
“Shameless! Despicable!” said Qian Shuihen, thinking about his
precious items. He picked up the iron spear. “Meng Hao, you are a
complete scoundrel!” As he thought about the failure of the Inner Sect
promotion, he really seemed about to go crazy. And then he thought
about all the medicinal pills and magical items, and his hatred for
Meng Hao ascended to skies.
The two of them looked at each other, sharing a look of pain.
“We will place this spear up inside the Sect to remind us that we must
kill Meng Hao!”
Fierce killing intent filled their eyes, and yet, the trial by fire was over,
and they were required to return to the Sect. Their rancor and

murderous thoughts could only be concealed in their hearts, never to
be erased.
Meanwhile, Meng Hao was both scared witless and also felt that he
was being accused wrongly.
Sighing, he increased his speed, running as fast as he could for
seven days straight. Eventually he found an Immortal’s cave in the
deep mountains. Exhausted, he sat down cross-legged and began to
meditate and do breathing exercises.
“Was it worth it...?” he sighed to himself. He was tired from the days
of running, but had simply been too frightened of being caught. Now,
he was on his last legs.
SOOYOuNA | 321
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Two days later at dawn, he opened his eyes and began running
again. For half a month, he didn’t dare to let anyone see him. Finally,
deep in the remote mountains, when he felt it was safe, he used a
flying sword to carve out a cave, then sealed himself inside to
meditate.
SOOYOuNA | 322
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 58: THIS IS NOT ITS WORLD
Two months passed. Meng Hao sat cross-legged in the Immortal’s
Cave in the deep mountains.
Suddenly, a thunderous noise rang out, sending the nearby animals
scattering. The large stone slab he had sliced out to seal the cave
suddenly shattered into pieces.

Stone fragments showered out in all directions as Meng Hao
emerged from the Immortal’s Cave. His hair hung down like a cloak
around his scholar’s robe. His eyes glittered like lightning, and a
shocking aura emanated from him, as well as a pleasant, fragrant
aroma.
A look of joy filled his face. After having been in secluded meditation
for such a long time, he let out a laugh which echoed out and sent the
wild beasts running.
“The eighth level of Qi Condensation!” he said, his fists clenched. His
eyes shone, which would have been even more obvious were it
nighttime.
The two months of meditation had begun with a sense of
nervousness and imminent danger.
Those feeling disappeared slowly as he practiced Cultivation. He
used over ten thousand Spirit Stones to duplicate medicinal pills,
which he used in his meditation.
He did not want to be in a position of danger ever again. He needed
to become strong, so that he could surpass the people who
threatened him.
“I need to become powerful. There is no other reason. I must become
powerful!”
He stood outside of the Immortal’s cave, breathing the fresh mountain
air, his eyes filled with resolve.
He was a simple scholar, a student of Confucianism. But the past
three years had caused him to become a bit more inwardly focused.
After everything that he had experienced, his personality was very
different than it had been. His stubbornness was now much more
obvious.

He had been stubborn in his refusal to give up even after failing in the
Imperial examinations.
He had been stubborn in his struggles in the Reliance Sect. He had
been stubborn when he stood up to Wang Tengfei. And now he was
stubborn in his hopes for the future.
SOOYOuNA | 323
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Becoming powerful is much the same as becoming rich. It is a dream
that does not require a reason. If a reason is required, perhaps it is
fear of being poor or weak. That is what Meng Hao believed.
“Life is an ever-burning flame, filled with exuberance. In life, one must
be strong, and never lower one’s head.” He looked up into the sky,
thinking about the Reliance Sect. He thought about the arrogant
conceit of the experts from the State of Zhao. He thought of the
coldness of the people who had tried to kill him. He thought of the
gaze of that middle-aged Dao Protector who had stood next to Wang
Tengfei that night.
“My mother and father disappeared when I was young. If I hadn’t
struggled to improve myself, I wouldn’t have lived down to this day.
Instead, I would have resigned myself to the hopelessness. If I hadn’t
struggled to grow stronger during my time in the Reliance Sect, I
would never have become a member of the Inner Sect. Stubborn
insistence on self-improvement. That is my path into the future.” He
let out a very long breath. Then, he lifted his hand and flicked his
sleeve. A black beam appeared which solidified into a black spike.
Emanating a black glow, it shot toward a nearby boulder.
A boom rang out, and the boulder, which was over eighteen meters
tall, collapsed into chunks, interspersed with pieces of black ice. They
fell to the ground, emanating an intense coldness.

With a look of satisfaction, Meng Hao waved his hand, and the black
spike flew back to him.
He moved his hand again, and this time a multicolored beam swirled
around him. The sixteen-feathered fan appeared, flying back and
forth as it followed the movements of his fingers.
Suddenly, there was bang as the feathers separated.
Sixteen beams of light circled around. The sixteen feathers had
become like flying swords, swift and fierce. They followed the
movements of his hand, moving to spin rapidly around him, making
an impenetrable shield, empowered by his spiritual power.
Then the feathers re-formed into a fan and settled onto his hand.
“It’s too bad I didn’t have enough Spirit Stones. The copper mirror
really eats them up.
Duplicating one Earthly Spirit Pill required one hundred Spirit Stones.
Not a bad price. The Heavenly Spirit Pill, useful upon reaching the
eighth level of Qi Condensation, required five hundred. Just a bit too
expensive...” Thinking about Spirit Stones, he frowned. Of the ten
thousand Spirit Stones he’d had, not many were left. During the two
months he had spent breaking through from the seventh level to the
eighth level, he had consumed over eighty Earthly Spirit Pills. That
was nearly two per day before he had broken through to the eighth
level of Qi Condensation.
“In the future,” he muttered to himself. “I will require even more
spiritual power to practice Cultivation.” A glance inside his bag of
holding confirmed that he only had five Heavenly Spirit SOOYOuNA |
324
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

Pills. He had already consumed one, and had calculated that to reach
the ninth level of Qi Condensation he would need roughly one
hundred and fifty.
“I know I need a lot of spiritual power. But could it be that my
excessive consumption of Demonic Cores has caused my body to
begin to reject medicinal pills?” He hesitated, unsure of how to
confirm his theory. If he was right, then he might need even more
Heavenly Spirit Pills, or perhaps other types of medicinal pills.
“One hundred and fifty Heavenly Spirit Pills... that’s equal to seventy
thousand Spirit Stones...
Without them, it will take me a long time to accumulate that much
spiritual energy. Plus, my latent talent is only ordinary, so that means
it will take even longer....” He sighed as he thought about the
emptiness of his bag of holding.
He had three more of the extraordinarily large Spirit Stones, but he
didn’t dare to use them.
The more advanced he became in his cultivation, the more he
realized how rash he had been to duplicate the wooden sword all
those years ago. The large Spirit Stones were clearly extraordinarily
special, otherwise he would not have been able to duplicate the
Vorpal Jade Blood Crystals.
“I won’t use these large Spirit Stones unless it’s absolutely
necessary,” he said resolutely.
“Maybe they will have some other use in the future.” The fan beneath
his feet began to shine brightly, and his body transformed into a ray of
light which shot off into the distance.
He was quiet as he travelled, circulating his spiritual energy.
Eventually, the treasured fan began to fade and take on a more

ordinary appearance. As he moved farther and farther away, he
began to grow more at ease.
“After all these months, the Violet Fate Sect disciples will surely have
moved on.” He was careful as he traveled, eventually emerging from
the mountains. He looked off into the distance. If he was right, this
area was close to the capital city of the State of Zhao.
Once upon a time, he had yearned day and night to go to the capital
city. This desire was second only to his dream of visiting the Great
Tang in the Eastern Lands. He sighed emotionally as he thought of
his three years of examinations, and three years of failures. He had
never even made it to the final examinations in the capital city.
Another three years had passed, and now he finally arrived, not as a
scholar, but as a Cultivator.
As he approached the capital city, he stopped gliding and began to
walk along the public road.
He tied up his hair and this, coupled with his scholar’s robe, made
him look just like the old scholar that he used to be. Although, while
he had then been somewhat short, after years of Cultivation, he was
now tall and slender. His skin was still a bit dark, yet vigorous,
emanating a strong air.
SOOYOuNA | 325
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He walked along absentmindedly. It was March now, which was often
a time for snowfall in the State of Zhao. As Meng Hao walked, the
darkness of evening began to settle around him, and snowflakes
began to slowly fall.
Soon, the ground was covered with whiteness, like a feathered quilt.

The wind blew snow onto Meng Hao’s hair. It didn’t melt, but rather
began to collect together.
Everything was still and quiet. As he grew closer and closer to the
capital city, a horse-drawn carriage approached from behind him,
speeding forward at top speed. It seemed whoever was inside was
afraid the city gates would be closing soon.
It passed Meng Hao, kicking up billows of snowflakes in its wake. As
it passed, the wind blew open the carriage’s curtain just a crack,
revealing a young scholar reading some texts.
Meng Hao looked at him calmly, recalling his own similar appearance
years ago. As of now, Meng Hao was clearly about twenty years old.
However, inside, he felt much older.
He let out a light sigh. Up ahead, the carriage came to a stop, and the
curtain lifted up. The young scholar looked back at him, then stepped
down out of the carriage and saluted Meng Hao with clasped hands.
“Brother, are you going to Capital City for the Imperial examinations?
Meng Hao quickly returned the salute. “Years ago I dreamed of doing
so, but those dreams have long since faded. I just want to go take a
look at the Tower of Tang.”
“That’s a pity, my Brother,” he said, looking regretful. “Your bearing
seems very refined, I thought perhaps we were fellow candidates. Are
you sure you wish to give up on your aspirations to become an
official?” The young man appeared to be about the same age as
Meng Hao.
Meng Hao shook his head silently.
“Well, never mind,” said the young scholar. He looked at Meng Hao’s
scholarly appearance and smiled warmly. “It’s starting to snow harder,
and it will be harder and harder to travel along the road. If it gets too

late, you won’t be able to enter the city. Brother, why don’t you join
me in the carriage? We should still have enough time to make it to
the city.”
SOOYOuNA | 326
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao looked up at the sky, then back at the scholar. He bowed
respectfully, then stepped up into the carriage.
A fire crackled in a small oven inside, dispelling the bitter cold. This,
coupled with the fact that an old family retainer drove the carriage,
made it clear that the scholar came from a rich family.
The old driver wore a wide bamboo hat and the knuckles of his hands
were large. It seemed he could do some kung fu.
“I am Zheng Yong,” the scholar said with a smile, warming his hands.
“Brother, there’s no need to be shy. We’re both scholars, and scholars
should help each other whenever possible.”
“I am Meng Hao,” he said with a humble smile. “Many thanks to you,
Brother Zheng.” His gaze fell upon the book resting next to Zheng
Yong. It was the Book of Rites. It looked very old, and was obviously
not a copy, but rather an ancient original text.
“You’re surnamed Meng?” said Zheng Yong, his expression
brightening. It was somewhat cramped inside the carriage, but he still
managed to stand and give Meng Hao a respectful salute. “Such an
honorable family name. So you’re a descendant of Qingfu! I have
been disrespectful; please forgive me, Brother Meng.”
Meng Hao stood and returned the salute. “There’s no need to act like
this, Brother Zheng. It’s just a surname. My ancestors were
resplendent, but as for me, I failed repeatedly in the Imperial

examinations, which has left me extremely ashamed.” The two of
them sat back down.
“Brother Meng, you spoke incorrectly just now,” said Zheng Yong
solemnly. “Your surname will bring you good fortune. It has been
passed down to you from ancient times. As a descendant of Qingfu,
even if you didn’t pass the Imperial examinations, as long as you
have kindness and virtue in your heart, you can still live by the values
of Confucius.”
Meng Hao thought silently for a moment, then lifted his head and
looked at the scholar sitting in front of him. “Brother Zheng,” he said
quietly, “what is the true meaning of Confucianism?”
“Courtesy, benevolence, loyalty, and the golden mean,” he responded
unhesitatingly. “This is Confucianism.”
Meng Hao didn’t respond. He looked out through the curtain at the
snowflakes filling the air.
After a while, he spoke again in a cool voice: “What is the meaning of
life?”
“Life?” said Zheng Yong, looking surprised. He hesitated for a while,
not saying anything.
SOOYOuNA | 327
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The inside the carriage grew quiet, filled only with the sound of falling
snow, which drifted in through the window. Meng Hao lifted up his
hand and reached outside. Snowflakes gradually accumulated on his
hand.
“Snow will only appear during winter,” he said quietly, “and can only
exist in the cold wind.

Therefore, its life exists only during the depths of winter.” He pulled
his hand back into the carriage and held it next to the copper oven.
The snow began to melt, turning into water, which flowed through the
creases of his palm.
“Snow can only live in the winter. When it nears a fire, it dies. That is
its life. It may yearn for summer, but... it can only desire it. In my
hand, the snow becomes water, because this is not its world....” He
raised his hand back up and brushed the water off outside the
window. There, beyond the vision of the young scholar, it once again
became snow.
Zheng Yong stared mutely, a deep look appearing in his eyes.
Eventually, the carriage entered the city.
“Thank you for allowing me to accompany you, Brother Zheng,” said
Meng Hao coolly. “I shall take my leave.” He saluted politely, and
stepped out of the carriage, then treaded across the snow-filled
street.
“Yearning for summer,” Zheng Yong murmured to himself, “but only
able to exist in the cold of winter. Only able to look off into the
distance... that is snow.” He watched Meng Hao disappearing into the
distance. After a while, he got out of the cart and gave a deep bow in
Meng Hao’s direction.
Snow began to cover him, but he knew that as soon as he reentered
the carriage, it would die.
He would never forget what had just happened, and what he had just
seen and heard. Years later, after he became a famous Confucian in
the State of Zhao, he would think back to that windy, winter night
when the snow slowly melted into water. And he would think of a
scholar named Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 328

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 59: UNABLE TO SEE CHANG’AN
The State of Zhao was in the southern part of the Southern Domain,
which was connected to the Western subcontinent. These two areas
were separated from the rest of the Nanshan Continent by the Milky
Way Sea, although it is possible that long ago, the Nanshan
Continent had not been split in this way.
To state things more clearly, the State of Zhao exists on the edge of
the Southern Domain, far from the sea. Only by passing over
numerous mountains would the boundless Milky Way Sea become
visible.
The State of Zhao was not very large, nor was it heavily populated.
However, the capital city was a bustling place. Even though the
evening air was filled with falling snow, the houses glowed with
lantern light, keeping everyone warm inside.
Anyone who didn’t own a house, who walked about in the snowy
night, would feel an indescribable loneliness.
Meng Hao walked down the street beneath the darkening sky. The
crowds of people who would normally be visible during the day were
nowhere to be seen. Anyone who moved about wore wide bamboo
hats, and kept their heads lowered as they hurried along.
Looking off into the distance, Meng Hao could just barely make out
the shape of a large, prominent building. It was a pagoda, a tower.
The Tower of Tang.
It was nearly three hundred meters tall, almost like a mountain,
capable of capturing the attention of anyone within the city. Snow
surrounded it, but could not hide the evidence of the devoted care

spent by the King of Zhao, the scholars, and the many other people
who had constructed it.
It faced the Eastern Lands, the Great Tang and Chang’an.
Meng Hao had never been to the capital city before, nor the Tower of
Tang. He had never even seen it before. But as he walked down the
street toward it, he knew beyond the shadow of a doubt that... this
was definitely the Tower of Tang.
SOOYOuNA | 329
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He had always imagined that one day he would become a
government official, and then he would be able to climb to its top and
stare out across the land.
He looked at the Tower of Tang sitting there amidst the swirling snow.
A long time passed.
“Before mother and father disappeared,” he murmured to himself, “a
violet wind blew outside.
People said it was an auspicious sign, and that a celestial being had
appeared in the sky....” He walked forward, staring at the Tower of
Tang.
He thought about everything that had happened that night. He would
never be able to forget.
That night, he lost his youth. From that night on, he would never
again have a father and mother to rely on. That was when he began
to grow strong.
It was then that he started to dream of going to the Eastern Lands, to
the Great Tang!

Rumors spread that his parents were dead, but Meng Hao knew that
they were simply missing.
They were out there, somewhere. He would never forget the violet
robe his father had been wearing that night as he stood next to the
window, looking out at the violet wind. Nor would he forget how his
father had looked back at him, a disturbed look in his eyes.
He would never forget that night, nor the quiet sound of his mother
weeping.
He had never spoken of these things to anyone, but had kept them
buried deep in his heart.
As the Tower of Tang grew closer and closer, he wondered why he
was suddenly thinking about such things from the past. He sighed.
The sigh broke to pieces in the snowy wind. It would never leave the
capital city, nor the State of Zhao, nor the Southern Domain. It would
not cross the Milky Way Sea, nor would it reach Chang’an.
“Maybe it’s because mother would always talk about the Great Tang,”
he murmured. “She told me that in the capital city of every nation,
there is a Tower of Tang, and people say those towers are the closest
you can get to Chang’an without actually being there.”
As he approached the district surrounding the Tower of Tang, he
looked up.
The snow fell in heavy sheets, and the winter wind whimpered around
him. More and more snow was building up on the tower. From where
he stood, he could see clearly that it had been constructed with great
care. Its foundation was eight-sided, and it rose up like a massive
pagoda.
SOOYOuNA | 330
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

It was constructed from green material, and looked just like he had
imagined it would.
Despite the snow, soldiers patrolled around its perimeter. This area...
was a place only highly ranked officials and powerful people could
enter, in order to offer sacrifices and perform rites.
But the mortal soldiers didn’t notice as Meng Hao’s body passed by
and entered the tower.
An ancient flight of stairs wound up inside, reaching slowly up toward
the top. The walls were carved with brightly colored frescos, depicting
the Eastern Lands, the Great Tang and Chang’an.
“I remember mother describing the Great Tang to me. I was so small
then, that I didn’t really understand what she was talking about. But
now that I think about it, the way she described the Eastern Lands,
the Great Tang and Chang’an... it was as if she had seen them with
her own eyes. If she hadn’t, how could she have described everything
in such detail? It was just like these carvings.” He examined them as
he ascended the stairs. Eventually he reached the top of the tower,
and the end of the carvings. They had depicted life and culture,
beautiful scenery, and countless amazing, legendary stories. It was
all very moving and inspiring.
Outside, the snow whistled about in the air, buffeted by strong winds.
It lay thick on the top of the tower. Meng Hao took a deep breath and
looked off into the distance. The only thing he could see was snow.
He could not see the Eastern Lands, nor the Great Tang, nor
Chang’an.
“So you can’t see Chang’an from here after all,” he murmured quietly.
He stood there quietly, wrapped up in countless thoughts. He was not
a government official, here to offer sacrifices to the heavens. He was
a Cultivator, a Cultivator of the eighth level of Qi Condensation.

“I walk a different path than before, but the direction is the same.” The
wind blew his hair about, and the snow stuck to him un-melting, as if
it approved of his life, as if he too, were snow.
After a while, he sat down cross-legged and began to meditate
quietly.
During the night, the snow fell even harder. The lights shone within
the houses of the capital city. From atop the Tower of Tang,
everything grew pitch black and quiet. Within the quiet darkness,
Meng Hao could see himself years ago, back in Yunjie County,
amidst the snow.
The snowy night slowly passed.
At dawn, Meng Hao opened his eyes. It was hard to say whether he
glanced at the rising sun, or if the rising sun glanced at him first.
SOOYOuNA | 331
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The city came to life with the dawn. Soon, the streets filled with
throngs of people. Meng Hao watched the mortal world spread out
before him.
He observed silently, all the way until night fell. Another dawn broke.
One day, two days, three days.
For seven days, Meng Hao gazed down on everything. At first, his
eyes had seemed faint and weak, but then they grew bright, and
finally, calm.
Something had changed in his mind. He had achieved a state of
enlightenment regarding life itself. At dawn on the eighth day, he
looked down to see officials and soldiers arrive at the Tower of Tang
to perform a rite. A middle-aged man stood there wearing a golden
robe. Behind him were crowds of people, standing neatly in

formation. He offered sacrifices to heaven and earth, as did many of
the commoners throughout the city.
Meng Hao stood as they began to bow to the heavens. He left the
tower, avoiding their obeisance. Stepping onto the treasured fan, he
soared forward, knowing that the time had come for him to leave. As
he prepared to depart, he looked back toward the tower one more
time.
When he did, his eyes grew wide.
He watched as the people kowtowed outside of the Tower of Tang,
which then began to glow softly. It was a sparkling glow that the
mortals could not see, but someone filled with spiritual energy could.
The light shot upwards, sending the clouds roiling, whereupon a huge
vortex appeared. This, also, was invisible to the eyes of the mortals,
but not to Meng Hao. He could see the vortex clearly, and it caused
him to suck in a breath. He looked shaken.
Inside the vortex, he could see... an endless field of bones and ruins,
filled with a ghastly aura and a curling, black fog. He couldn’t see very
many clear details, but could sense a mysterious and gruesome air
roiling out.
His mind was shaken, especially when he noticed that within the
black mist of the vortex was an enormous coffin. There, amidst the
ruins, sitting cross-legged next to the coffin, was a shrivelled corpse.
It suddenly opened its eyes. They were as gray as ash, and within
them seven faint spots of light rotated about like stars. The corpse’s
vision shot out from within the vortex, straight onto Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 332
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

His heart trembled, and he involuntarily closed his eyes as he felt a
stab of pain within them.
It felt as if seven stars were about to appear within his own pupils, the
same as those within the ash-gray eyes.
Suddenly, withered wrinkles began appear across his body, and a
terrible black mist began to seep out of his pores.
Shocked, Meng Hao retreated at top speed. At the same time, the
vortex was suddenly sucked up into the clouds. The crushing feeling
he had experienced vanished, and everything went back to normal. It
was as if what he had just seen had been a hallucination.
And yet, his body was still withered, and faint wisps of death aura
continued to seep out of him.
His facial expression changed several times. He looked down at the
Tower of Tang. The glow was no longer present, but the people
continued to pay obeisance. His face grew dark, and without
hesitation he pushed the treasured fan to its limits. His body turned
into a stream of light and he disappeared into the distance.
He soared out of the capital city, looking back toward the Tower of
Tang several times. His eyes scanned the sky, and doubt began to
rise up in his heart.
“It couldn’t have been a hallucination. The Tower of Tang... what kind
of place is it exactly?
Originally I thought it was a mortal place, but that’s obviously not true!
What was that place within the vortex...? The ruins, the death aura,
all those bones...” His scalp grew numb as he thought about the
corpse he had seen amidst the ruins.
Its eyes had been filled with callousness, grim and ghastly, especially
the seven stars within the pupils of its gray eyes. As he thought of

this, his body grew cold and began to drip with sweat.
“And that... coffin.” Meng Hao took a deep breath, his eyes filled with
fear.
“Who is inside that coffin, and why did it suddenly appear within the
vortex. Why...? Does it have something to do with the Tower of
Tang...? Does it have something to do with the Great Tang in the
Eastern Lands?” Meng Hao grew thoughtful, looking back yet again
at the Tower of Tang. The sense of awe within him grew stronger. He
breathed in deeply again, gliding forward a bit before dropping to the
ground and running.
He was starting to think that being stared at by the corpse within the
vortex... had been a catastrophe....
SOOYOuNA | 333
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 60: UNDISPELLABLE DEATH QI
The capital city drew further and further away. A long time passed,
during which time Meng Hao pushed down the feeling of fear that
quivered in his heart. He frowned, scanning his body.
It had withered; while before he had been somewhat slim, he was
now somewhat emaciated.
That problem was secondary to what really alarmed Meng Hao. His
body continuously emanated strands of black mist, as if it were
burning. It continued to come out of him, no matter how much he tried
to wave it away. It floated high up into the air, making it possible for
anyone around to determine his location.
“My body stopped withering, but this weird black aura just won’t stop.
It’s really making me stand out too much....” He flew forward as fast

as possible, trying to find a place to hide within the mountains. After
the black mist finished dissipating, he would come out again.
Two hours later, he sat angrily in the remote mountains. After sealing
himself up in an Immortal’s Cave, he’d found out that the black mist
could pass through some material objects.
“Dammit, how long will this mist last?” He gnashed his teeth, not
daring to stop anywhere. If he did, the mist would gather together
above him and become easily visible. Anyone who saw it would
definitely think there was some sort of treasured item nearby.
Meng Hao frowned, pushing deeper into the mountains. He kept
moving forward as fast as possible. When his spiritual energy ran out,
he would consume a medicinal pill. It was only in this fashion that he
could prevent the black aura from gathering together. It wasn’t as
easy to see when it was spread thin, although it still floated up visibly
into the sky.
Seven days passed. Meng Hao was frightened as well as exhausted,
having had no chance to rest. The damnable mist was black during
the day, then glowed white during the night.
After the seventh day, he could tell that the amount of mist dissipating
from his body had grown weaker. In his best estimation, it would take
approximately one month for it to disperse completely.
He didn’t dare to stay in the mountains for too long, as he might
attract attention. He wasn’t sure whether or not the Violet Fate Sect
disciples had actually left. So, he had no choice but to just keep
moving forward.
SOOYOuNA | 334
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

On one particular day, he sat cross-legged on the treasured fan,
soaring through a forest.
Suddenly, he lifted his head up, his eyes flickering. He could see four
shapes speeding in his direction from a distance away.
With a frown, he stopped flying and dropped to the ground. He
slapped his bag of holding and a flying sword appeared. It shot
toward an old tree, chopping a hole in it into which Meng Hao
entered.
He had attempted this method before and found that the mist would
not pass outside of the tree. However, after the space of about ten
breaths, the tree would wither up.
He had done this several times in the past week in order to avoid the
detection of other Cultivators.
Sitting inside the hole in the tree, he waited for the four people to go
away. Unfortunately, instead of passing by, they stopped nearby and
began to look around carefully. One of them was a young man in a
violet robe. His face was expressionless as he leaped to the top of a
tree, the power of his Cultivation base radiating out. In his hand he
held a white pearl.
The black aura which had been emanating out from Meng Hao was
instantly sucked into the white pearl, whereupon it began to turn
black.
Meng Hao’s heart began to thump when he saw this.
The group of people was made up of three men and one woman. The
woman wore a long skirt and was rather beautiful. A mysterious look
gleamed in her eyes, a look that others might describe as demonic.
“Come to speak of it, it really is strange,” she said. “This thick death
aura has appeared a lot recently in the mountains.”

The two men standing next to her frowned as they gazed around the
forest.
“Regardless of what’s causing it, we should leave once we finish
absorbing the aura,” said one of the men, sounding a bit nervous.
“Whatever is causing it is something very strange. It’s probably better
if we don’t find out what it is.”
“What are you afraid of?” said the woman with a smile. She gave a
charming look to the violet-robed young man, her eyes shining with
charm. “With Elder Brother Yan here, we’re safe from any danger.
He’s an Inner Sect disciple of the eighth level of Qi Condensation. He
can prevent any disasters from occurring. And who knows, maybe we
might even have a bit of good fortune.”
SOOYOuNA | 335
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The young man with the pearl was of the eighth level of Qi
Condensation, and was obviously the leader. The others were all at
the sixth level.
It didn’t take very long for the pearl to absorb all of the black aura.
The pearl itself was now pitch black, and didn’t seem as if it could
even absorb any more. Meng Hao sat there watching, lost in thought.
“Let’s go,” said the man named Yan. He flicked his wide sleeve, and
the four of them began to make their way off. As this happened,
Meng Hao frowned. They were taking too long, and he had run out of
time. The black aura was just now beginning to seep out from the top
of the tree.
As soon as it appeared, the man named Yan turned and looked at it,
his eyes flashing.

Meng Hao sighed, and then burst out from within the tree. He flicked
his sleeve and sped off as fast as possible.
His appearance surprised the four people, as did the black aura
emanating from him. The man named Yan stared at him.
“Fellow Daoist, please stay behind a moment,” he called out. His
hands flashed in incantation signs, and instantly, a black wind sprang
up which formed into the shape of a hideous, grinning skull. It opened
its jaw and shot toward Meng Hao.
He had asked for Meng Hao to stop. But this skull carried the full
power of his eighth level of Qi Condensation. It moved as swift as
lightning, with incredible power.
At the same time, the two other men and the woman, their eyes
glittering, attacked. Two flying swords and a jade bracelet
transformed into beams of light which shot straight toward Meng Hao.
The woman’s jade bracelet let out a buzzing sound as it flew through
the air, expanding in size as it prepared to smash him.
Meng Hao frowned. He hadn’t been in a good mood before, having
been frustrated to the extreme by the black aura. At the moment,
these people had arisen a strong killing spirit within him. He let out a
cold snort.
His right hand lifted up, and a roaring Flame Python appeared, twenty
or thirty meters long. It shot toward the four incoming magical items,
radiating blistering heat.
A boom shook the air. The jade bracelet shattered and the two flying
swords melted away. The skull dissipated because of the collision.
The Flame Python let out a wail and then vanished.
SOOYOuNA | 336
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

“Eighth level of Qi Condensation!” said the woman. The two men next
to her gasped, their expressions intent. The Cultivator surnamed Yan
took a step forward, staring at Meng Hao.
“I am Yan Ziguo, disciple of the Cold Wind Sect,” he said coolly, his
eyes flashing like lightning.
“Fellow Daoist, you don’t need to be in such a hurry to leave. Could
you please explain the thick death aura emanating from your body?”
Meng Hao was at the eighth level of Qi Condensation, but so was
Yan Ziguo, so he spoke in a voice as cold as ever.
Meng Hao returned his cold stare, and didn’t say anything. He
slapped his bag of holding, and in a flash, the treasured fan
appeared. He shot away at high speed. Yan Ziguo looked at the fan
in astonishment.
“A magic item which grants flight. He’s not of the Foundation
Establishment stage, so he can only glide. He’ll be back on the
ground shortly.” Yan Ziguo’s heart began to beat faster. The fan was a
magical item that only disciples of the ninth level of Qi Condensation
might get within his sect. With a cold harrumph, he charged off in
pursuit. The other three hesitated for a moment, then followed him.
“Dammit!” said Meng Hao, his eyes growing even colder. His
opponent had seen the power of his Cultivation base, as well as his
use of magic, both of which were clearly warnings. And yet he still
pursued. Meng Hao felt extremely annoyed.
His hand moved in incantation patterns, and then he pointed back at
the four pursuers.
Instantly, four beams of light shot out, four of the feathers from the
fan. They cut through the air like flying swords, heading straight for
the four people behind him.

Yan Ziguo narrowed his eyes and smacked his bag of holding. A
small wooden shield appeared, about the size of his palm. It quickly
expanded to the size of a head as it flew forward to meet the feather.
A violent boom sounded out as they slammed into each other.
As for the other three, looks of shock appeared on their faces and
they scrambled to produce magical items. Amidst the ensuing
explosions, they spat blood out from their mouths and retreated,
looking terrified.
Those three feathers weren’t damaged at all. Meng Hao waved his
finger, and they shot back toward Yan Ziguo.
Yan Ziguo’s face twisted and he opened his mouth with a howl. A
green mist suddenly emitted from his pores, forming a dense fog
which circulated around him, turning into a giant green skull. It flew
directly toward the three incoming feathers.
SOOYOuNA | 337
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Banging sounds rang out, and the skull collapsed. The three feathers
no longer glowed, and were now twisted and warped. They flew back
to Meng Hao.
“I’m warning you,” said Meng Hao coldly, his eyes flashing, “if you
keep pestering me....”
Without finishing his sentence, he turned and disappeared into the
distance, his body transforming into a prismatic beam.
Yan Ziguo didn’t pursue. He glared at Meng Hao’s retreating form, his
hands trembling slightly within his sleeves. Meng Hao was a stranger
to him. And yet this stranger had just casually forced him to use a lifesaving art.

“That fan is not just a flight-bestowing treasure, but a powerful
weapon!” he said to himself, his heart pounding. He turned to look at
his three bedraggled companions. “Have any of you heard of
someone from the State of Zhao who is at the eighth level of Qi
Condensation and has a treasured fan?”
“Someone so young who is at the eighth level of Qi Condensation
would surely have made a name for himself here,” said one of the
other Cold Wind Sect disciples. “But I can’t think of anyone among
the three great Sects who matches his description.”
“Who is he? He can’t be a Cultivator from the State of Zhao, can he?”
Yan Ziguo frowned, even more interested in Meng Hao’s treasured
fan.
“Elder Brother Yan,” said the female disciple, sounding hesitant. “I
remember someone mentioned a treasured fan about a month ago. It
was Elder Brother Sun Hua from the Winding Stream Sect. He said
that some disciples from the Southern Domain’s Violet Fate Sect
made a trade with a Reliance Sect disciple named Meng Hao. One of
the items was a feather fan.”
Yan Ziguo looked shocked. He slapped his bag of holding, and a jade
slip appeared in his hand.
This was an item distributed to Inner Sect disciples. Inside was a
depiction of Meng Hao, sealed with orders that anyone encountering
him were to feel him out to get an idea of how strong he was.
The orders were several months old, so Yan Ziguo had mostly
forgotten about them. Scanning the jade slip, he looked closely at the
picture of Meng Hao’s face and, sure enough, it was the same as the
person he had just encountered.
“So it’s him!” said Yan Ziguo, his eyes gleaming. His mouth twisted
into a cold smile. He was just about to say something when suddenly,
the ground trembled and the sky above turned crimson. Something

shocking was happening not too far away in the Southern Domain,
and the side-effects were spreading out to cover the entire area.
SOOYOuNA | 338
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 61: A SHOCKING EVENT IN THE SOUTHERN DOMAIN
An earth-shaking boom rumbled out from the heavens.
The source of the sound wasn’t close, but seemed to billow forth from
quite some distance. It wasn’t directed toward the location of Meng
Hao and the others, but rather seemed to cover the entire State of
Zhao. At this moment, every Cultivator within the nation could hear
the massive roar.
A red glow appeared, so large that it was impossible to tell how much
area it covered. It seemed as if the entire sky was crimson. No one
knew what was happening.
Far away from the State of Zhao and the eyes of its Cultivators, in the
middle of the Southern Domain, an enormous rift had appeared in the
sky.
It was a Heavenly Rift!
The booming grew more intense, rolling across not just the State of
Zhao but the entire Southern Domain. Every place, every Sect, every
Clan in the massive Southern Domain eventually heard it.
Meng Hao’s face changed. He was shocked to see the black aura
roiling out from his body at an increased rate of speed. He moved
forward even faster, his body turning into an iridescent streak of light.
Yan Ziguo and the others were awestruck. Their hearts began to
race, and their Cultivation bases suddenly seemed unstable, as if
they were about to fly out of their bodies.

At this moment within the mountains of the State of Zhao, a thick mist
swirled around the Cold Wind Sect, one of the three great Sects.
When the roaring boom sounded out, the mist began to seethe and
the mountain peaks trembled. Within the Sect, hundreds of palefaced disciples stared up into the heavens in shock.
On a mountain behind the Sect, its two strongest members, both
Elders at the Core Formation stage, awoke and emerged from a
secret chamber. They flew out and hovered in the air, looking up into
the sky and gasping. Their Cultivation bases rotated rapidly. Even
though they couldn’t see exactly what was happening so far away,
they could feel an enormous, shattering pressure from the Heavens.
And then, because of their extraordinary Cultivation bases, they were
able to sense the Heavens splitting.
SOOYOuNA | 339
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“What happened? The noise is coming from the center of the
Southern Domain. Impossible!
That’s such an incredible distance away, how can a sound travel so
far?!”
Five of the Cold Wind Sect’s Foundation Establishment Elders flew
up behind them in succession. Their faces were pale and their bodies
trembled.
Within another of the State of Zhao’s three great Sects, the Upright
Evening Sect, two Eccentrics of the Core Formation stage and four
Elders of the Foundation Establishment stage floated in mid-air,
gazing numbly toward the distant Heavens. The entire sky was
crimson, as if it were on fire. Seeing this left them in shock.
“What... is this...?”

It wasn’t just the members of the Cold Wind Sect and the Upright
Evening Sect. The disciples of the Winding Stream Sect also heard
the sound and stared dumbly up into the heavens, looking awestruck.
The Sect’s Core Formation Eccentric was trembling. His Cultivation
base was profound, and yet he stared off into the distance, wondering
what was happening. Even more shocking, amidst the burning screen
which covered the entire sky, there suddenly appeared what looked
like countless fissures.
“This is not a normal sound, otherwise it wouldn’t transmit so quickly
across the State of Zhao.
Its speed... this sound could exterminate everything!”
The situation in Sects in other surrounding countries was the same as
that of the State of Zhao.
Far away in the Southern Domain, the Patriarchs of the five great
Sects and three great Clans, with their profound Cultivation bases,
also felt the enormous pressure bearing down from the Heavens.
Being in the center of the Southern Domain, they could see what all
those other could not.
They saw the enormous rift in the sky. Disbelief covered their faces.
On this day, at this moment, the entire Southern Domain was in an
uproar. Countless Cultivators flew into the air, and an innumerable
amount of experts looked up in amazement.
This strange sign which had appeared in the air shocked them all to
the core.
Meng Hao flew along as quickly as he could; more black aura than
usual was pouring out of him, as if it were answering a summons.
This, combined with the strange sign in the sky, had him scared
nearly witless. He shot forward at full speed until he arrived at the top
of a tall mountain. He stood there, looking off into the Heavens.

Far away, it seemed as if the Heavens were slowly being split open.
Then, a dark glow spread out, filling heaven and earth both with pitchblack darkness.
SOOYOuNA | 340
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
A moment passed, and then the entire Southern Domain began to
quake, as if a powerful force were shaking its very center, sending
tremors rippling outward. Mountains crumbled and the land was
rocked.
The Southern Domain was very large, so it took time for the effects to
spread. It started in the center and then spread out in every direction,
all the way to the borders. Mountains continued to collapse, but
because the State of Zhao was so far away, the reaction there was
not as strong.
It only experienced minor earthquakes about seven days later.
Even that left the Eccentrics of the State of Zhao shocked. Some of
them had been to the central district in the Southern Domain and
knew how incredibly far away it was. Even a massive earthquake
there would not have been able to travel seven days away to the
State of Zhao.
Within those seven days, a rumor spread like wildfire through the
Southern Domain. Soon, everyone had heard the shocking tale.
A corpse had fallen from the sky!
And it had fallen roughly five hundred kilometers from one of the
three Danger Zones of the Southern Domain, the Rebirth Cave!
The news caused a huge sensation in the Southern Domain and sent
everyone into a commotion. It was even said that experts from the
Western Desert were gathering in the Southern domain because of it.

“Which expert did that corpse belong to? It fell down from the
Heavens. It’s said... you can only step foot into the Heavens after
achieving Immortal Ascension! Could it be that the roar which echoed
out was emitted by that corpse before it died?!”
“Achieve Immortal Ascension? It’s easy to use those words, but
according to the ancient records, only seven or eight people in the
Southern Domain have ever done it. But that corpse...
it was just too astonishing. When it hit the ground, it caused seven
days of earthquakes.
“Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment, Core Formation
and Nascent Soul, Spirit Severing and Dao Seeking, finally Immortal
Ascension. A total of seven stages to ascend to Immortality. To
achieve Immortal Ascension and conquer emptiness is difficult,
difficult. Oh so difficult!”
This news spread through the Southern Domain. However, the State
of Zhao was a somewhat remote place, so the rumors didn’t reach
there. Only a few Elders from the great Sects learned of the
information.
SOOYOuNA | 341
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
As for Meng Hao, he continued to move through the deep mountains,
a frown on his face.
During the seven-day period, the death aura in his body had been
reduced significantly. But then it had started to seep out again like
before. He estimated that it would take about twenty more days for it
to dissipate.
“This death aura is very annoying. If it weren’t for it, I could be out
accomplishing things.”

Meng Hao’s mood was one of vexation. Because of the inexplicable
event seven days ago, all the Cultivators in the State of Zhao had
been aroused, forcing Meng Hao to hide himself constantly. He had
even been found out a few times and put into dangerous situations.
Each time he had to think of some way to extricate himself. He didn’t
like killing, but lately he had felt killing intent more and more often.
“This won’t do. If I’m forced to kill someone, it will cause even more
problems. It’s much better to just hide.” He thought for a bit, then
suddenly looked up. There ahead of him in the multitudinous
mountains, everything was quiet. Meng Hao stopped and looked
around, but didn’t see any clues as to why everything was so
peaceful.
He had a bad feeling, though. He frowned, slapping his bag of
holding to produce the treasured fan. He shot forward through the
forest.
There was a banging sound, along with a wind that sent leaves
rustling throughout the area.
Then, everything was still again, without the slightest trace of
anything strange. Meng Hao’s facial expression, however, changed.
The event from seven days ago had been shocking, but, things had
calmed down since then, and none of the wildlife in the area had
died. The boom that had sounded out just now should have sent the
animals fleeing, and yet, everything was calm.
Without hesitating, Meng Hao sent the treasured fan shooting
forward, this time, in a different direction. Just then, a cold snort
sounded out, and from the peaks of several surrounding mountains,
black beams shot forth. The beams of blackness connected,
enveloping the entire area, like a seal.
Meng Hao was within the sealing area, although he wasn’t at the
center, but rather toward the edge. If he had not been cautious just

now, and had instead continued on forward, he would have been
smack dab in its middle.
Eight figures appeared, their bodies blurs. Soon, the group became
visible. Meng Hao saw a strange, water-like shield which he had been
unable to sense before, that had been hiding them just now.
Eight people: six men and two women. One of the women wore a
long white dress, and her face was pale. In her hands she held an
aqua-blue pearl. The pearl emitted waves of water-like SOOYOuNA |
342
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
ripples which had served to conceal her presence. Except, the pearl
was covered with cracks; it appeared to be a single-use treasure.
She didn’t approach him, but rather stayed off in the distance. The
others approached him at top speed, surrounding him. One of them
was Yan Ziguo.
Meng Hao’s face grew dark as he looked around coldly at the group
of Cultivators. A killing air swirled around Yan Ziguo, but his
Cultivation base was not the highest among the group. The highest
belonged to someone who wasn’t even standing on the ground.
Floating in the air on a flying sword above Meng Hao, was a middleaged man wearing a sky-blue Daoist robe. His eyes were calm, but
he emitted an air of supreme condescension.
His cultivation base was at the ninth level of Qi Condensation!
Among the Sects of the State of Zhao, people at the ninth level of Qi
Condensation were in a unique position. If within a sixty-year cycle
they could successfully establish their Foundation, then they would
become Sect Elders. If they could not establish a Foundation within a
sixty-year cycle, then they would no longer be members of the Inner
Sect, but rather an Honor Guard.

If Shangguan Xiu had been a member of the Reliance Sect when it
was powerful, then he would have been an Honor Guard and not an
Elder.
The middle-aged man had only been at the ninth level of Qi
Condensation for about two years.
You could say that his future was limitless. If he succeeded in
establishing his Foundation, he would have a completely different
identity.
“You’re clever,” said Yan Ziguo coldly. “If you weren’t, you wouldn’t
have been able to swindle the Violet Fate Sect. But even though
you’re not in the center, once you’re in the perimeter of this spell,
you’re dead. After all, Elder Brother Liu is here, and we’re going to
take the real treasure from you. When we do, maybe we’ll leave your
corpse intact.” He looked greedily at Meng Hao’s treasured fan. In the
past days, he found out a lot about Meng Hao, including the details of
his trade with the Violet Sect disciples, which he had learned from
Sun Hua. Now he coveted Meng Hao’s items even more.
Meng Hao, his face grim, didn’t even look at Yan Ziguo. Instead, he
stared at the ninth level Qi Condensation Cultivator.
This was the Elder Brother Liu that Yan Ziguo had mentioned. He
looked ordinary, and didn’t speak; instead, he just stood there on his
flying sword, emanating a powerful aura. When Meng Hao sensed his
strength, his pupils constricted.
SOOYOuNA | 343
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“If you want Meng Hao’s treasures,” he said coldly, “then you will
have to pay the price.” He slapped his bag of holding and a silver light
shot out. A glittering silver spear appeared in Meng Hao’s hand. He

planted it in the middle the treasured fan next to him, its point straight
up.
As soon as the silver spear appeared, it caught the attention of the
onlookers. Even Elder Brother Liu’s eyes flickered, coming to rest on
the spear.
In the same moment as their eyes focused on the spear, Meng Hao,
eyes glittering, flung open his scroll painting. Howling sounds poured
out from within the painting, and three mist-beasts appeared. They
charged forth toward the group of people.
Taking advantage of the sudden chaos, Meng Hao quickly flashed an
incantation pattern, and a black beam shot out at indescribable
speed. Yan Ziguo’s heart leapt, and he ripped himself out of the
shimmering glow caused by the magical item behind him, shooting
backwards at the same time. Before he could barely even move, the
black light sunk into his head, right between his eyebrows.
This was the Hellfighting Spike!
And this was Meng Hao’s temperament. Not attacking was fine. But
when attacking, one must be the first to strike! Yan Ziguo was looking
to die, so Meng Hao would send him to the yellow springs of the
underworld!
SOOYOuNA | 344
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 62: ONE WAVE SETTLES DOWN
As soon as the Hellfighting Spike touched the space between Yan
Ziguo’s eyebrows, a black frost began to spread out rapidly. In the
blink of an eye, it had covered his entire body. A cracking sound
could be heard, and Yan Ziguo’s eyes widened. His pupils shrank,
and an astonished expression filled his face. Then, his entire body

shattered into chunks of black, frozen flesh, which then fell to the
ground.
Originally, Meng Hao had wanted to flee. But Yan Ziguo had arranged
for his escape routes to be blocked. Therefore, Meng Hao made the
decision to strike him down.
He had been a part of the Cultivation world for a while now, and was
well aware of the law of the jungle. Not attacking was fine, but when
the time came to attack, it should be without a shred of compassion;
otherwise, it meant your own death.
This sudden turn of events instantly caused expressions of shock and
horror to appear on the faces of the surrounding Cold Wind Sect
disciples. The three mist beasts that had emerged from Meng Hao’s
scroll painting were almost upon them, howling savagely.
Their appearance was fierce, and their roars enveloped the area with
a powerful pressure.
They looked like three conglomerations of black mist as they charged
directly toward the Cultivators, then smashed into them.
A boom resounded out, and an expression of shock appeared on the
face of Elder Brother Liu, the Cultivator of the ninth level Qi
Condensation. He slapped his hands together and then waved them
forward; a red banner flew out. It rippled in the air, causing a massive
flame conflagration to shoot out, over thirty meters in every direction.
The flames shot toward the mist beasts.
Meng Hao ignored the other Cultivation Monks, who were in complete
disorder. He moved downward, charging straight toward the woman
with the aqua-blue pearl. He could tell that the pearl was the magical
item maintaining the special spell.
Her face suddenly filled with anxiety, and she retreated backwards
rapidly. But Meng Hao was faster than her; he was upon her in an

instant. He waved his hand, sending her spinning, blood spraying
from her mouth. Terrified, she released the pearl, which went flying
away.
The woman might be beautiful, but her presence here made her
Meng Hao’s enemy. He looked at her coldly, then raised up his hand
with a claw-like gesture. The pearl shot toward him and landed in his
hand.
SOOYOuNA | 345
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Almost as soon as it touched him, a thunderous roar could be heard.
The three mist beasts were completely destroyed as Elder Brother
Liu’s flame conflagration encompassed them. It then spread out
toward Meng Hao.
“You might have a lot of treasures,” said Elder Brother Liu with an
unsightly expression, “but you killed members of my Cold Wind Sect.
You’re dead!” His fellow disciples behind him looked to be in very
poor condition. But that was of secondary importance. He would have
a hard time explaining the death of Yan Ziguo when he returned to
the Sect. He made no attempt to conceal his intention to murder
Meng Hao.
Meng Hao said nothing. As the flame conflagration descended
towards him, his left hand slapped his bag of holding and a large,
black net appeared. He flicked it out, and it shot up into the sky. It
passed through the flame conflagration, extinguishing it instantly. The
net expanded, growing larger and larger, making a beeline for Elder
Brother Liu.
Elder Brother Liu’s face twisted. He lifted his right hand, which
contained a jade slip that he snapped. Suddenly, his body blurred as
he just barely ducked out of the path of the net. Behind, two of the
other disciples were caught up by the net. The net radiated an

intense heat, which instantly set their clothing aflame. Within a
moment, their charred bodies began to be sliced into pieces.
Horrifying shrieks rang out, causing the remaining Cold Wind Sect
disciples’ faces to grow pale. They trembled with fear. Even Elder
Brother Liu looked on with wide eyes. He would never have been
able to guess that Meng Hao would have magical items such as this.
Even while all of this was happening, Meng Hao continued to move,
his right hand grabbing the pearl and smashing it. The giant sealing
spell that covered the area flickered and then began to disperse.
Meng Hao’s left hand flickered in an incantation pattern which he
aimed at the treasured fan. He grabbed the silver spear as the fan’s
sixteen feathers circulated around him to form a shield, which then
carried him forward, shooting toward a hole in the unravelling spell.
“You want to run? Stop dreaming!” Elder Brother Liu jabbed his
forehead, whereupon a sword aura emerged from his mouth. A small,
translucent flying sword appeared, the size of a pinky finger. A
glittering sword aura billowed out as it shot in pursuit of Meng Hao.
Meng Hao was moving fast and seemed just about to make his
escape. He waved his hand behind him, and the black net made loud,
reverberating noise. The two Cultivators who had been caught up in it
were now cut completely into pieces. The net began to roll up,
dragging their bags of holding along with it as it flew back into Meng
Hao’s sleeve.
By this time, Elder Brother Liu’s glowing, crystalline sword had almost
reached Meng Hao. It was just about to stab into him when he
sensed the imminent danger. He was not in the position to stand up
to the power of the ninth level of Qi Condensation. Seeing the
fierceness SOOYOuNA | 346
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

of the sword aura, Meng Hao’s eyes flashed. The sixteen feathers
rolled together and then became sixteen swords which shot toward
Elder Brother Liu’s crystalline sword.
A thunderous boom rolled out. Eight of the sixteen feathers were
destroyed, and the crystalline sword was sent spinning. The
remaining eight feathers returned to form a fan beneath Meng Hao’s
feet. However, the fan was clearly slower than before.
“With fewer feathers, your fan just won’t be fast enough!” said Elder
Brother Liu with a savage laugh. And yet, even as the words were
coming out of his mouth, his eyes widened. Meng Hao slapped his
bag of holding, whereupon eight more identical feathers appeared.
The treasured fan was once again whole, and Meng Hao transformed
into a blur of light as he shot into the distance.
“Dammit!” Elder Brother Liu’s killing intent grew even stronger. He
raced off in pursuit. Seeing this, the remaining disciples had little
choice but to follow. Gnashing their teeth, they produced their magical
items and ran after him.
Only the female disciple, whose Cultivation base was not strong
enough, hesitated and did not follow.
Meng Hao stood on his fan, his face grim, the death aura still
emanating from his body. He took out the two bags of holding he had
just acquired and looked them over. The magical items and medicinal
pills inside were of little value to him. But, he did find three white
pearls, items that he definitely needed.
He took one out, and it instantly began to suck in the death aura. In
the space of about ten breaths, it had become completely black and
unable to absorb any more.
Meng Hao frowned, looking at the pearl for a moment before
dropping it.

“I can’t do any duplication at the moment. Once I shake off these
people, then I can make some copies of the pearl. That will take care
of the problem of the death aura attracting people’s attention.” He
looked behind him to see figurative thunder brewing. A glittering glow
surrounded the Cold Wind Sect’s Elder Brother Liu as he soared after
Meng Hao in pursuit.
Behind him, on the ground, three figures could be seen, racing along
at breakneck speed.
“Those three people are nothing,” muttered Meng Hao to himself.
“Killing them won’t be a problem. But that guy surnamed Liu is at the
ninth level of Qi Condensation. He also has a lot of magical items. In
our short battle just now, he didn’t even use any magic. Getting
wrapped up in a fight with him wouldn’t be good....” A sneer appeared
on his face. Even if Elder Brother Liu was of the ninth level, he
couldn’t possibly have as many medicinal pills as Meng Hao. He
would just keep running until the other party was exhausted.
SOOYOuNA | 347
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
His plan settled in his mind, he slapped his bag of holding and
retrieved three Earthly Spirit Pills, which he popped into his mouth.
He felt a bit of regret.
“I wasted eight duplicated feathers, and now I have to waste
medicinal pills. If I keep fighting like this, I’m going to become poorer
and poorer. I also forgot to grab Yan Ziguo’s bag of holding. I need to
be more careful in the future.” He felt a little depressed. The Earthly
Spirit Pills infused into his body, filling him with boundless spiritual
energy. His speed increased.
Time passed, and soon it was dusk. Meng Hao sped along at top
speed the entire time.

Sometimes he would soar on the treasure fan, other times he would
race along on foot. Elder Brother Liu was behind him the entire time,
laughing grimly. Meng Hao was much more experienced now. Even
though gliding via flying sword was not as fast as the treasured fan,
he was still completely at ease.
Far behind him, the three Cold Wind Sect disciples who had been
pulled into the chase were currently moaning and groaning. They
didn’t dare give up, though, for fear of arousing Elder Brother Liu’s
displeasure.
Meng Hao sped along as dusk fell. Suddenly, his expression grew
intent. The death aura which continuously emitted from his body was
now floating off into the distance. His heart began to thump. He
looked off in that direction and suddenly saw a beam of prismatic light
screaming through the air. Behind it were ten or more figures racing
along on foot.
The beam of light turned out to be two people. Both were about
twenty-five or twenty-six years old, and were at the eighth level of Qi
Condensation. Each one stood on a green jade flute, nearly two
meters long. Their eyes flashed like lightning, especially one of them,
who wore a red robe. From the power emanating from his Cultivation
base, he was clearly just a hair away from entering the ninth level of
Qi Condensation.
Among the people following them on foot was Sun Hua. He carried a
pearl in his hand, which was currently absorbing the death aura.
“So, you’re still in the State of Zhao, Meng Hao!” said Sun Hua with a
loud laugh. He stared greedily at Meng Hao. “Elder Brother Zhou,
Elder Brother Xu, this is Meng Hao. He has the treasure of Patriarch
Reliance. Even the Violet Fate Sect is interested in it! He tricked them
and aroused their ire. He definitely still has the treasured item with
him!” He palpitated with eagerness as he thought about the treasured
item that Meng Hao possessed. He had been dreaming of getting his
hands on it ever since he’d witnessed what happened that day.

Fortunately, he had run into Elder Sister Han of the Cold Wind Sect a
few days before. During an intimate moment, he’d been able to coax
some information out of her regarding Meng Hao.
Then, he’d immediately found some Elder Brothers from the Sect and
begun to use the death aura absorbing pearl to track down Meng
Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 348
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
When they appeared and caught sight of the Elder Brother Liu
chasing Meng Hao like thunder, murder on his face, their expressions
changed in rapid succession.
Sun Hua’s eyes flickered, and the two soaring in the air, Zhou and
Xu, let out cold snorts. They moved to block Meng Hao’s way, fingers
flashing in incantation patterns. The flutes beneath their feet began to
emit ghastly, shrieking sounds, accompanied by thin wisps of mist.
The mist transformed into a gigantic hand which shot toward Meng
Hao.
“Beat it!” said Meng Hao, his eyes flashing. He raised his right hand,
and instantly, an twenty or thirty meter long Flame Python appeared.
Radiating intense, scorching heat, it shot to meet the flying hand.
Meng Hao flicked his right sleeve, whereupon two wooden swords
appeared. Glowing brightly, they became the fangs of the Flame
Python as it surged forward.
SOOYOuNA | 349
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 63: ANOTHER WAVE RISES UP!

A boom rolled out. The giant mist hand had been created by the
combined effort of two eighth-level Qi Condensation disciples from
the Winding Stream Sect. Meng Hao by himself couldn’t possibly
stand up to it directly. This was why he had used the second most
mysterious items in his bags of holding, the wooden swords. The first
most mysterious item was, of course, the copper mirror.
The wooden swords, which had been the object of Wang Tengfei’s
desire, now flew out from Meng Hao’s hand. They slashed through
the giant mist hand and proceeded toward the two Winding Stream
Sect disciples.
The swords didn’t emit a powerful sword aura, but as they flew
through the air, they sucked in the surrounding spiritual energy in a
roiling current. Shocked, the two Winding Stream Sect disciples
evaded immediately. Without so much as a cold snort, Meng Hao
shot off into the distance.
The wooden swords circled back to him. He didn’t even look back,
just increased his speed forward.
Behind him, Elder Brother Liu’s eyes narrowed, and the avarice in his
eyes grew even stronger.
“This Meng character has way too many magical items. Those
wooden swords are incredibly mysterious. It just goes to prove that
the spear the Violet Fate Sect was after is incredibly extraordinary!
But why hasn’t he used its power yet?” Elder Brother Liu’s eyes
flickered as he continued in pursuit. Similar to Meng Hao, he did not
have the ability to sustain long-term flight, but needed magical
assistance to soar.
Sun Hua and the other Winding Stream Sect disciples had dark looks
on their faces. This was especially true of Zhou and Xu. With cold
harrumphs, they shot off in pursuit. Sun Hua clenched his jaw and
followed them. Zhou and Xu transformed into multicolored streaks of

light as they shot off in mid-air. They kept their distance from the Cold
Wind Sect’s Elder Brother Liu, but continued in pursuit of Meng Hao.
Meng Hao had a grim expression on his face. He knew that Elder
Brother Liu from the Cold Wind Sect had not even really made a
move yet. With the appearance of Sun Hua and the others, he now
had two waves of Cultivators to deal with. He frowned.
“I just don’t have enough Spirit Stones,” thought Meng Hao somberly.
“If I had enough, I could have duplicated a Heavenly Spirit Pill and
broken through to the ninth level of Qi Condensation... If I were at the
ninth level, these people wouldn’t dare to pursue me.
SOOYOuNA | 350
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“It seems I might have to go sell some of my treasures after all...”
Meng Hao had thought of using the copper mirror to duplicate some
of the magical items, then selling them. But the State of Zhao was
small, and only had a few Sects. If he started selling magical items,
then later used an identical magical item, it would arouse suspicion.
As he muttered to himself, conflicted, his eyes suddenly filled with
determination. He dropped to the ground and began running,
swallowing some Earthly Spirit Pills until his body was filled with
plentiful spiritual power. Then, he jumped back onto the treasured fan
and shot onward.
Unfortunately, there were many mountains in this area, but few
demonic beasts. The ones that he did see were weak, making it
impossible for him to use his usual tactic to evade pursuit.
As he was trying to figure out what to do, the two Winding Stream
Sect Disciples, Zhou and Xu, suddenly made incantation patterns.
Another whistling sound rang out from the flutes beneath their feet.

It sounded out like a wailing spirit, circling around the two of them as
their fingers flickered.
“Heavenly Thunder Spirit!”
As the words rang out, a fierce wind sprung up around Meng Hao,
and black clouds appeared in the air. Lightning began to crackle
within the clouds, then shot toward Meng Hao.
A look of shock appeared on his face, as this was the first time he
had dealt with a lightning bolt attack such as this. He stamped his foot
down onto the treasured fan, and immediately, ten feathers flew up,
overlapping across each other. The lightning bolt slammed into them.
A thunderous sound rolled out, sending the feathers spinning. The
lightning bolt had been created by the combined effort of two Qi
Condensation Cultivators. Although it didn’t contain the power of
heaven and earth, it was not weak, and as far as Meng Hao was
concerned, was actually quite powerful.
His face drained of blood, he looked back, killing intent flickering in
his eyes. The attack had not been strong enough to cause him to spit
up blood, but at the moment, his spiritual energy was unstable.
“An excellent Heavenly Thunder Spirit,” said Elder Brother Liu coolly,
his eyes flashing. “The Winding Stream Sect’s lightning bolt magic is
very refined. Sadly, your Cultivation base isn’t high enough. Even with
your combined efforts, the result is this. Were you stronger, he would
be injured if not dead.” Despite his talk, he didn’t make any move on
Meng Hao. Having fought with him already, he knew that he had a
multitude of magical items. He’d decided that the best thing to do
would be to rely on his own profound Cultivation base to exhaust his
opponent, then attack.
SOOYOuNA | 351
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

He was happy to see the others attack him, forcing Meng Hao to use
up his spiritual power.
“We haven’t finished with the magical technique,” said the Winding
Stream Sect disciple surnamed Xu. “Don’t shoot your mouth off so
much, Liu Daoyun!” Exchanging a glance, the partners each
swallowed a medicinal pill and then began making incantation
patterns, their fingers moving in unison.
Immediately, the black cloud roiling in pursuit of Meng Hao began to
churn. Again, lightning began to form. A massive roar rumbled out
across the land, and again the feathers from the treasured fan moved
to defend. This time, the lightning didn’t end. Bolt after bolt struck,
booming ceaselessly.
In the blink of an eye, three bolts had struck, causing Meng Hao to
spit up a mouthful of blood, and the killing intent in his eyes to solidify.
He flicked his right sleeve, and the scroll painting appeared. He
poured his spiritual power into it and two roars could be heard. Mist
seethed, and two mist beasts sprung from the scroll painting,
shooting toward Zhou and Xu.
The two men grew pale. They had already consumed medicinal pills
to perform their magical art, which was the only technique they had.
Even with their combined effort, they could only keep it going for so
long. They were discussing this as the fourth lightning bolt struck,
which was when the mist beasts emerged from Meng Hao’s scroll
painting.
These mist beasts had the appearance of wolves. Heads twisting with
fierce howls, they charged the two men, black ripples spreading out
from underneath their paws as they ran.
Liu Daoyun stared at Meng Hao with flashing eyes. He lifted his right
hand, and at the exact moment that Meng Hao unfurled the scroll
painting, and the lightning bolt was about to fall, he bit his tongue and
spit out some blood. His fingers flickered, causing the blood to circle

around his hand. His face began to glow red. He waved the finger at
Meng Hao.
“Qi Condensation, Cold Wind Finger!”
The finger attack came without warning. The red blood suddenly
became black and began to emit an intense coldness. In the blink of
an eye, it had transformed into a finger made of ice crystal. This in
turn transformed into a prismatic beam which shot directly toward
Meng Hao.
In an instant, it was within about nine meters of him.
The finger attack was cunning and powerful. As it approached, the
mist beasts from the scroll painting collided with Zhou and Xu. Above
Meng Hao, the fourth lightning bolt began to descend.
SOOYOuNA | 352
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao felt a sense of critical danger in his heart. A grim smile
appeared on Liu Daoyun’s face, and he advanced a pace. Beneath
him, a glittering light could be seen as his crystalline sword shot
toward Meng Hao.
“Let’s see you dodge his time,” he said, watching with flashing eyes.
“You can’t! You must produce your silver spear and show us its might.
I’m really looking forward to seeing it!”
Meng Hao’s pupil’s constricted. There was no time to pull out another
magical item, so he released the scroll painting to float at his side. It
was a critical juncture, with no time even to think. He stamped his
right foot down onto the treasured fan. It instantly disassembled, the
sixteen feathers transforming into a rain. Ten of them shot toward the
crystalline sword, with six remaining behind to defend against the
lightning bolt.

To deal with the incoming Cold Wind Finger, Meng Hao dropped
toward the ground and then extended his right hand upward. A flame
python twenty or thirty meters in length shot out from the center of his
palm, rushing to intercept the Cold Wind Finger. At the same time, his
left hand flashed an incantation, then waved forward. A Wind Blade
emerged, lending its power to the Flame Python, which grew even
larger as it shot toward the Cold Wind Finger.
All of this takes some time to describe, but in actuality it happened in
the time it takes for a spark to fly up from a piece of flint. A massive
boom rang out as the lightning slammed into the six feathers. It was
weakened, but it still hit Meng Hao, causing him to vomit up a
mouthful of blood.
At the same time, the crystalline sword collided with the ten feathers.
A series of explosions could be heard as the feathers were shattered.
The sword aura continued on, stabbing through Meng Hao. He
coughed up more blood, his body trembling.
Next was the most powerful attack of all, the Cold Wind Finger. Once
a lost art, it had been improved to allow Cultivators of the Qi
Condensation level to use it. Currently, it could only be used by
someone of the ninth level of Qi Condensation.
A boom resounded out. The disparity between the Cultivation base
levels was immediately apparent. Despite the considerable combined
might of the Flame Python and the Wind Blade, they were still torn to
pieces. They managed to destroy about half of the black colored Cold
Wind Finger. The rest of it continued on through, stabbing into Meng
Hao’s chest. He coughed up even more blood, which instantly turned
black and congealed into chunks of ice. His body spun backwards.
Intense coldness filled his body, making him feel as if he were about
to freeze. He knew that this was a critical moment. His right hand
shot out, and the elusive Hellfighting Spike emerged, along with two
banners, which coiled around his body.

SOOYOuNA | 353
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Currently, Meng Hao was seriously injured, but hadn’t lost his will to
fight back. He gritted his teeth and made to flee. But then something
happened that no one had expected, neither the fleeing Meng Hao,
nor Liu Daoyun, nor the currently bedraggled Zhou and Xu from the
Winding Stream Sect. Suddenly, a third party arrived to join the fight!
An arrow shot forth from the distance, accompanied by a shrill,
piercing scream. It flew directly toward Meng Hao, filled with intense
killing intent. It clearly was meant to pierce his heart and kill him.
It moved with incredible speed toward him. He suddenly felt a
stabbing pain in his chest, whereupon he let out a roar. The two
hovering banners moved to block the arrow. An explosion rang out as
the banners were shattered. As the arrow continued forward, Meng
Hao waved his right hand, sending the Hellfighting spike, which he
had originally wanted to use to counterattack, to intercept the arrow.
There was a boom, and Meng Hao spit out more blood. He watched
as the black spike disintegrated. The arrow slowed some, but
continued on toward him.
He retreated, dropping toward the ground, but finding no place to
conceal himself. Even if the few remaining unsheltered feathers
caught him and carried him off, there were too few of them. He
wouldn’t be fast enough to evade the arrow.
Borrowing some momentum from the explosion of the Hellfighting
Spike, Meng Hao took in a ragged breath. A fierce look appeared in
his eyes, and he smacked his bag of holding again.
A wooden sword appeared. He didn’t even have time to point the
sword towards the arrow. It came in so quickly that it slammed into
the side of the blade.

Boom!
SOOYOuNA | 354
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 64: A MASSACRE CAUSE BY A SILVER SPEAR
When the wooden sword connected with the arrow, it began to emit a
droning sound. It was pushed back by the force of the arrow and
smacked into Meng Hao’s forehead. Blood sprayed from his mouth,
as he was sent spinning backward. As for the arrow, its power was
spent, and it transformed into ash, which drifted away in the wind.
As Meng Hao flew backwards, he slapped his bag of holding, and
produced a Demonic Core, which he swallowed. He was running low
on Earthly Spirit Pills, so he opted for the Demonic Core. His eyes
were shot with blood, and his injuries were severe. This was perhaps
the worst he had been hurt since becoming a Cultivator.
Thankfully, the wooden sword was truly a treasured item and hadn’t
been damaged at all.
Actually, the reason Meng Hao had been sent flying back was
because his Cultivation base wasn’t high enough to completely
control the sword. If it were, the arrow wouldn’t have even been able
to make the wooden sword move back an inch.
Meng Hao’s body was wracked in pain, and his mind a bit clouded.
But his innate desire to survive still existed. He bit his tongue, and
used the pain to focus. He lifted his pale, bloodless face and looked
off into the distance. Currently approaching was a young man in a
white robe, flying on an enormous green leaf.
His face was calm, and his eyes cold, without a trace of arrogance.
However, a single look at him would leave anyone without doubt that
he was superior to others.

His Cultivation base was at the ninth level of Qi Condensation, and
yet he appeared to be only twenty-two or twenty-three years old.
Seeing him approach, Liu Daoyun, who was also at the ninth level of
Qi Condensation, narrowed his eyes.
He instantly understood. “At his age... he must be a Chosen from a
great Sect,” he said to himself.
“White robes....” Meng Hao wiped the blood from his mouth, staring at
the white-robed youth.
“I am Ding Xin [1] from the Violet Fate Sect,” he said coolly. “I’m here
to take your life, on orders from the Sect Leader.” He had been
dispatched months ago to the State of Zhao to search for Meng Hao.
Using his own special methods, he had finally caught his trail today.
He had actually been watching for some time, waiting to make his
move.
SOOYOuNA | 355
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He was completely different from Qian Shuihen and Lu Song. As an
Inner Sect disciple, he was frequently sent out on Sect business. He
was one of the Chosen of the Violet Fate Sect, destined to reach
Foundation Establishment. When that happened, he would be a true
Chosen. Handling matters outside of the Sect was simply training for
him.
He was vastly more experienced than Qian Shuihen, and had even
made a name for himself in the Southern Domain in the past two
years. His personality was cold, his attacks ruthless. Back in the
Southern Domain, he would always consider the reputation of his
Sect. But here in the State of Zhao, he could be a bit less restrained.
He had attacked Meng Hao when he was in critical danger, and had
never imagined that Meng Hao would actually be able to survive the

lethal arrow.
Meng Hao’s face was grim. Three waves of attackers had appeared
today. Two were of the eighth level of Qi Condensation, and two were
of the ninth. Based on his Cultivation base alone, he couldn’t stand
up to them. Furthermore, he was seriously injured. The situation was
very dangerous.
Watching Ding Xin approach, Liu Daoyun’s eyes flickered, and he felt
somewhat nervous. Yet his eyes were determined. He would not give
up.
Zhou and Xu from the Winding Stream Sect, seemed even more
hesitant. If they only had to deal with Liu Daoyun, they could do it. But
now that the Violet Fate Sect had made an appearance, they were
less convinced.
Meng Hao’s eyes glittered faintly. His right hand slapped his bag of
holding and five feathers flew out, combining with the four beneath
his feet to make a nine-feathered fan. It took to flight, carrying him
away at high speed.
Ding Xin’s eyes were calm. He flicked his sleeve, and the giant leaf
beneath his feet flashed as he shot off in pursuit. Liu Daoyun burst
into motion as well. Zhou and Xun from the Winding Stream Sect
gritted their teeth, then joined in the pursuit.
Sun Hua wasn’t fast enough and had already been forced to drop to
the ground. But, he wasn’t willing to give up, so he followed as fast as
possible on foot.
The three waves of people were incredibly fast, so Meng Hao
swallowed another Demonic Core. The coldness within him was still
very strong, and his body was covered with sword wounds which
oozed blood.

He clenched his jaw and circulated his spiritual power, then slapped
his bag of holding. A silver light flashed in his hand. It was none other
than the silver spear!
SOOYOuNA | 356
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Liu Daoyun’s vision immediately became focused on it, and he
slowed down a bit. Ding Xin, with his flashing eyes, as well as Zhou
and Xu from the Winding Stream Sect, had never before laid eyes on
the long silver spear. But Sun Hua, who was still running along on the
ground, had.
He immediately shouted out: “That’s the silver spear! That’s the
treasured gift from Patriarch Reliance!!”
Hearing this, Zhou and Xu slowed down a bit, their eyes shining
fiercely.
“You are all after this silver spear?” said Meng Hao. “Very well then. It
requires a lot of spiritual power to use. Its true might can’t even be
utilized unless you are at Foundation Establishment stage. If you are
powerful enough to use it, then be my guest!” His face twisted with an
expression of incomparable pain, as if he were throwing everything
away in an attempt to save himself, he tossed the spear away as
hard as he could.
He put all the spiritual power he could muster into his arm as he flung
it. The silver spear hummed, transforming into a silver-colored
rainbow as it shot off into the distance, shining so brightly that it
virtually forced everyone’s eyes to follow it.
The instant it flew off, Meng Hao’s treasured fan transformed into a
beam of light that shot off in the opposite direction.

Interestingly (whether or not it was on purpose was hard to tell) the
spear just happened to fly in the direction of the three pursuing
disciples from the Cold Wind Sect. When they saw the silver spear
flying toward them, they gaped in shock.
Sun Hua’s eyes were red, and with a hoarse shout, he changed
directions, running directly toward the silver spear. Killing intent
billowed from his face, he slapped his bag of holding, and a sword
aura emerged. He clearly intended to kill anyone who dared to take
the spear from him.
Further behind him, the ten or more Winding Stream Sect disciples
raced forward even harder.
Liu Daoyun’s facial expression changed as he debated to himself
about whether or not the spear was real. Because he was not at the
Foundation Establishment stage, he didn’t have Spiritual Sense, so it
was difficult to make a judgement about this matter. There was a fiftyfifty chance about it, but in his mind, it didn’t matter. He couldn’t just
let the Winding Stream Sect disciples gang up on his fellow disciples.
If they did, and word got out, he would be severely punished when he
returned to the Sect.
SOOYOuNA | 357
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
And if the spear was real... well, if he gave up under those
circumstances his punishment would be even more severe when he
returned to the Sect. He was damned if he did, damned if he didn’t.
He clenched his jaw.
“Dammit!” Liu Daoyun abandoned his pursuit of Meng Hao and made
a beeline for the spear.

Zhou and Xu hesitated, watching as the long spear flew off, pursued
by both Sun Hua and their fellow Winding Stream Sect disciples. At
first, they weren’t sure if they should chase after the spear, but when
they saw Liu Daoyun speeding off after it, they made their decision,
shooting off in the same direction.
Only Ding Xin from the Violet Fate Sect stopped, his eyes flashing.
His task was to slay Meng Hao, so he didn’t care whether the
treasure was real or fake. With a cold laugh, his eyes shining, he
pushed his giant leaf into a beam of prismatic light, speeding after
Meng Hao.
Two people, one up ahead, one behind. One fleeing as fast as he
could, the other pursuing with a magical item backed by the power of
the ninth level of Qi Condensation. They disappeared over the
horizon.
As for Liu Daoyun, he flew quickly in the direction of the silver spear,
and seemed to be on the verge of reaching it, when someone howled
out from behind him.
“Heavenly Thunder Spirit!”
As soon as the sound rang out, a black cloud formed in the sky above
Liu Daoyun, and the crackling of thunder could be heard as a
lightning bolt struck down toward him.
His face grew dark. He slapped his bag of holding, and a coldness
spread out and shot toward the lightning bolt.
The lightning bolt dissipated with a booming sound, and the intense
coldness continued onward to enter the black thundercloud. It began
to rumble, as if it were about to break apart.
“Heavenly Thunder Spirit, detonate!”

Under normal circumstances, Zhou and Xu would never do
something like this. But with the silver spear in play, and the Winding
Stream Sect disciples on the ground having the upper hand, they
couldn’t allow Liu Daoyun to enter the fray. Now that they had
abandoned their pursuit of Meng Hao, they could pour all their
combined power into play.
SOOYOuNA | 358
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
A massive explosion reverberated out as the thundercloud exploded.
The force of it shot out in all directions. Zhou and Xu coughed up
blood. Liu Daoyun, also injured, was not in a good position. A
crystalline glow appeared in front of him as blood seeped from the
corners of his mouth.
It was at this moment that the silver spear slammed into the ground.
As it did, the Cold Wind disciples were about to grab. But then Sun
Hua arrived, a savage look on his face. Behind him swarmed the
Winding Stream Sect disciples, their faces radiating ferocity.
“This treasured item belongs to the Winding Stream Sect!” shouted
Sun Hua excitedly. If he was the first person to lay hands on the
spear, it might not end up belonging to him, but the Sect would
definitely reward him. Perhaps he would end up having a
breakthrough in this Cultivation base, and reach the eighth level!
The three Cold Wind Sect disciples were just reaching their hands up
to take the spear, when they were surrounded by the ten or so others.
They howled as the Winding Stream Sect disciples attacked them.
They could do little more than watch as the prize which had just
moments ago been theirs, was taken away.
“So brazen!” shouted Liu Daoyun, turning his head to see what was
happening. His roar rumbled out, and he completely ignored Zhou

and Xu. He waved his hand toward Sun Hua, and the Cold Wind
Finger appeared, shooting forward as fast as lightning.
Considering the level of Sun Hua’s Cultivation base, he simply
couldn’t avoid the attack. His facial expression changed into one of
savagery, and he gritted his teeth. His only hope lay in the treasured
item. As the Cold Wind Finger approached, he snatched up the long
silver spear, brandishing it in an imposing manner.
“You’re defeated!” he shouted. Liu Daoyun’s eyes focused on the
spear as it flew into the air.
Zhou and Xun held their breath.
The silver spear flashed as it flew forward, making a beautiful, silver
arc. The instant it met the Cold Wind Finger, a bang sounded out. It
wasn’t a very loud bang. The spear broke apart, most of it shattering
into dust, with only a few fragments remaining intact.
Sun Hua gaped in astonishment. It was the last astonished look he
would ever give, as the Cold Wind Finger pierced into his chest. His
body shuddered, and a boom rang out, louder than that emitted by
the silver spear, as he exploded.
Liu Daoyun stared in shock, as did Zhou and Xu. The Cold Wind Sect
and Winding Stream Sect disciples were also dumbfounded.
SOOYOuNA | 359
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Everything was suddenly quiet, except for the sound reverberating
out from the attack that had killed Sun Hua.
Liu Daoyun was the first one to move again. He went forward and
began to collect up the remaining fragments of silver. Zhou and Xu
also approached and picked up some of the pieces.

“Silver... it’s really silver. It’s just a damned silver spear!!” Liu
Daoyun’s eyes were crimson, and it seemed as if he was about to go
berserk. He raised his head to the sky and let out a ferocious roar. He
