cultivation practice will be anything but ordinary.” With no more
hesitation, Meng Hao pulled out the Demonic Core and a half-Spirit
Stone, then placed them down onto the mirror. He waited with
nervous anticipation.
Enough time passed for half an incense stick to burn, but absolutely
nothing happened. The Demonic Core didn’t change, the Spirit Stone
didn’t disappear. There was still only one Demonic Core.
Meng Hao frowned. He paced around the cave for a bit before
looking back at the mirror.
“It can’t be. Last month it definitely made two...” He stared at the
Spirit Stone on the mirror, lost in thought. After a while, he slapped
the bag of holding and pulled out another half of a Spirit Stone, which
he carefully placed down onto the mirror.
Almost as soon as he put the Spirit Stone down, a black aura flashed
across the surface of the mirror, and it seemed to turn into a lake. The

two Spirit Stones sank down, and the blackness rippled, condensing
onto the Demonic Core. And then, next to the first Demonic Core
appeared a second!
Meng Hao was stupefied. Even though he had prepared himself in
heart, he was still shocked.
After some time passed, he picked up the two Demonic Cores and
examined them excitedly.
“So it’s true! How profound!” He began to breathe hard, and took
some time before he could pull himself back together. Suddenly
everything seemed possible. He took a few deep breaths, then tried
out the process again.
SOOYOuNA | 58
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
One Stone, two Stones... nine Stones, he only had one left over. In
front of him were four full Demonic Cores. If you counted the original,
that would be five.
The stones emitted a sweet aroma which grew thick in the air, leaving
him feel intoxicated. A silly grin on his face, he realized that this was
the most wealth he had ever possessed in his entire life. It was a
sight none of the disciples of the Outer Sect had even seen.
His excitement lasted until deep into the night. Clutching the Demonic
Cores, he placed one onto his tongue and swallowed it down. Two
hours later, he opened his eyes and took another pill.
He had never done something so extravagant before. By the time the
seemingly boundless energy of the two Demonic Cores was fully
dispersed in his body, dawn had arrived.
His body thrummed, and gobs of filth had been excreted through his
pores. When he opened his eyes they shone brilliantly.

“The third level of Qi Condensation!” Meng Hao was still not content.
He looked down at the remaining three pills. He took another one. By
the dawn the next day, he had consumed all the Demonic Cores. His
Cultivation base was just a hairs breadth away from being at the peak
of the third level of Qi Condensation.
As for the eight Spirit Condensation pills, they would not be of much
use to Meng Hao considering his current Cultivation base. Even
taking all of them at once wouldn’t do much good. He suspected that
it had something to do with the Demonic Cores. Considering that the
Spirit Cultivation Pills were regularly distributed by the sect, they
shouldn’t be so ineffective.
“A small amount won’t do. Even if I took dozens, it wouldn’t have
much of an effect.” Meng Hao closed his eyes, concentrating on the
spiritual energy in his body. It was no longer a stream; it had turned
into a river. It was not a massive river, but definitely larger than a
stream.
As it circulated through his body, it gave him a feeling of power. He
could sense an astonishing amount of energy filling him.
Considering the shocking level of power, Meng Hao knew that
compared to yesterday, he had undergone a thorough rebirth. Before,
he was a weak Cultivator who anyone could push around. Now,
amongst the third level disciples who could occupy the Public Zone,
his Cultivation base was so high that it placed him as one of the most
powerful.
He waved his right hand excitedly and a Flame Serpent as long as
his arm roared to life. Its heat immediately filled the Immortal’s Cave.
The fierce Flame Serpent, filled with awe-inspiring savagery, spit out
a blast of fire.
SOOYOuNA | 59
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

If he had encountered Zhao Wugang with this level of power, his
Flame Serpent would have flown forth. It would at the very least have
seriously injured him, if not left him dead.
SOOYOuNA | 60
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 10: WANG TENGFEI
Toward the end of September, it grew as hot as usual. The heat
refused to dissipate, instead growing more and more intense. In the
Southern Domain of the Nanshan Continent, in the State of Zhao,
things usually began to cool down around November. By January, the
freezing grip of winter could be felt.
One morning at dawn, Meng Hao left the Immortal’s Cave, eyes
shining, full of hope regarding the future.
“My Cultivation base is just a hairs breadth away from the peak of the
third level of Qi Condensation,” he said, taking a deep breath.
“Perhaps I can’t be considered powerful in the Outer Sect, but at least
no one will pick on me.” He looked off into the distance. The mountain
breeze lifted his hair up as it blew past, and he suddenly appeared
quite elegant.
Originally a down-and-out scholar, he had entered the world of
Immortals. When he thought back to the events which had occurred
in the preceding days, they seemed almost unreal.
“It’s too bad I don’t have enough Spirit Stones. And the Spirit
Condensation Pills aren’t strong enough to be of any use...” His
excitement faded into disappointment when he thought about Spirit
Stones.
“Fatty, Wang Youcai, and that other headstrong young man,” Meng
Hao muttered to himself.

“The four of us came to the Reliance Sect together. I wonder how
they are now.” His body moved forward in a flash. Circulating the
spiritual energy in his body, he immediately headed toward the North
Mountain.
The East, South, West and North Mountains of the Reliance Sect
towered mightily into the sky, covered with pavilions carved from jade.
If you looked at the mountains closely, you could see rays of dawn
light seeping over their peaks, just beginning to illuminate the
surroundings.
White clouds wound around the peaks, concealing parts of the
mountains. It really did seem like a place of Immortals.
If you wanted to go from the South Mountain to the North Mountain,
but wanted to circumvent the Outer Sect, then you would have to
pass along the East or West Mountain.
Meng Hao walked along the path passing the East Mountain, two wild
chickens in hand.
“I haven’t seen Fatty in about two months, I wonder if he’s lost any
weight.” Thinking about Fatty, Meng Hao smiled. Then, his eyes
flickered and he stopped walking.
SOOYOuNA | 61
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He felt a gentle breeze from up ahead, which carried along with it a
thin fog. Amidst the fog walked a young man wearing a luxurious
white robe.
He was clearly different than other Outer Sect disciples. His garment
was as white as snow and his long hair flowed over his shoulders.
Incredibly handsome, almost pretty, he gave off the sense of being

perfect in every way, both physically and in temperament. It was as if
he had been blessed by Heaven, Chosen by nature.
His expression was cool and indifferent, as if nothing were worthy to
cause him to change it.
Even if the mountains crumbled in front of him, he would remain
calm. The fog beneath him roiled and churned.
Behind him walked two youths, who were also handsome, but when
compared to the white-robed young man seemed like trash.
“Elder Brother Wang, we’ve heard that in a few years, the Sect will
have special training to promote disciples to the Inner Sect. We
Junior Brothers would like to take this opportunity to congratulate you
in advance.”
“Yes. When Elder Brother Wang entered the Sect, he was already
famous. He even aroused the interest of the other three great Sects.
But in the end, you decided to stick with the Reliance Sect. What
extraordinary magnanimity! Refusal to violate the etiquette of the
Sect, ignoring the invitations of the outsiders, reaching the sixth level
of Qi Condensation in these two years.
I even heard one of the Patriarchs say that the promotion training was
being held just for Elder Brother Wang.”
“That’s right. Once Elder Brother Wang enters the Inner Sect, it won’t
be long before he surpasses Elder Sister Xu and Elder Brother Chen.
He’ll be the famous number one disciple of the Reliance Sect.”
“Don’t speak foolishly,” said the man in the white robe, his voice
gentle. “Elder Sister Xu is a Chosen, and Elder Brother Chen is
wholeheartedly focused on the Dao. They are both fellow disciples
whom I admire and respect.” His voice was light and warm, but also
manly and pleasant to the ear. This was the number one disciple of
the Outer Sect, Wang Tengfei.

“Elder Brother has achieved outstanding mastery of Cultivation. With
such latent talent and good nature, we Junior Brothers are happy to
receive your instruction.”
“Yes, Elder Brother Wang treats everyone kindly, even disciples of the
first level of Qi Condensation. Everyone in the Sect knows this. I truly
admire you.”
SOOYOuNA | 62
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The three of them talked, walking slowly toward Meng Hao. Elder
Brother Wang, in his white robe, caught sight of the Meng Hao and
nodded. He passed them, and the other two people didn’t even give
him a single look. As they walked off, Meng Hao glanced back. It was
then that he noticed the white-robed man’s feet were not on the
ground. Instead, he floated along about seven inches off the ground.
Meng Hao gaped in shock.
He realized that he himself couldn’t even compare in any way. He
was frail and swarthy, not attractive in any way. Furthermore, he
carried two squirming chickens in his hands.
“So that’s Elder Brother Wang Tengfei. He has the ability to float in
the air, a skill which comes with the fifth level of Qi Condensation.” He
had heard rumors about Elder Brother Wang, and knew a lot about
him. When Wang Tengfei had entered the Sect, it had caused a big
commotion in the Cultivation world in the State of Zhao. No one knew
the true price paid by the Reliance Sect to calm the waves of
commotion, or why he had decided to stay.
“If I looked like him, I could have placed first in the Imperial
examinations. I could have married the Emperor’s daughter.”
Filled with admiration, Meng Hao turned and continued on toward the
North Mountain.

He didn’t stop the entire way, and by midday, had arrived in the wild
mountains bordering the North Mountain. This was where he and
Fatty had usually come to chop wood. As soon as he arrived, he
heard the sounds of chopping. With a smile, he walked briskly
forward, and soon caught sight of Fatty, chopping away at a tree.
He was about to call out a greeting, then stopped and took a step
back.
“You stole my wife, and my mantou. I’m gonna chop you to death! I’m
gonna bite you to death!”
Fatty hadn’t lost any weight. In fact, he was a bit fatter. He looked like
a round ball.
His eyes were closed, and he stood there howling, surrounded by
chopped up pieces of wood.
He hacked at the trees, his body twisting. Then, he dropped the ax
and fell to sleep.
Deep bite marks could be seen on the long handle of the ax.
Meng Hao was shocked. He had never imagined that in his two
months away, Fatty’s sleepwalking behavior would become even
more severe. Now it wasn’t just happening at night, but during the
day as well.
He was hesitating as to whether or not to awaken him, when
suddenly Fatty’s nose twitched and he rubbed his eyes. He gazed
about, eyes shining, looking as if he were about to drool.
SOOYOuNA | 63
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I smell wild chicken! Yeah, two of them!” He jumped up and looked
around, although he didn’t see Meng Hao standing there in the

jungle. Then he saw the felled trees around him, a look of
gratefulness filled his eyes.
“Ah, Meng Hao, you’re so kind,” he said emotionally. “You’ve been
gone so long, but you keep coming back secretly to help me chop
wood. It’s been like this for almost two months. Meng Hao, I, Li Fugui
[1], have never had a better friend in my whole life.”
Meng Hao, still standing off in the distance, heard all of this and was
amazed. He looked strangely at Fatty, then coughed lightly and
stepped forward.
When he appeared, it seemed Fatty could sense him. He turned his
head and caught sight of him, his face full of excitement.
“Meng Hao, you finally show your face,” he said eagerly. “Every time I
wake up, I call out for you, but you never appear... ah?” His gaze fell
onto the two wild chickens, and his eyes grew wide.
A bit later, fire surrounded the chickens, and a fragrant aroma filled
the air. Meng Hao and Fatty sat together, just the same as when they
had both been servants. They gobbled down the chicken.
“I haven’t had wild chicken for two months,” said Fatty, his mouth full
of chicken. “How come you haven’t shown your face all this time?
Since you always come to help me chop wood, why don’t you bring
chickens too?” The joy on his face was clearly apparent as he looked
at Meng Hao. It seemed that in his time in the Reliance Sect, he had
come to view Meng Hao as a relative.
Meng Hao gave an enigmatic laugh and offered no explanation.
Taking a bite of chicken, he looked at Fatty. It was then he noticed
that Fatty’s teeth seemed to be longer than before.
“How has your Cultivation training been going?” he asked. “Have you
been able to sense spiritual energy?”

“Don’t bring it up,” he said with a deep sigh. “I train every night, but
the strange thing is, I haven’t been able to sense even a tiny bit of
spiritual energy. The only thing that happens is that my teeth grow.
I’m worried I might bite my tongue off.” He looked quite depressed.
“Open your mouth,” Meng Hao said suddenly. “Let me see your
teeth.” What Meng Hao saw shocked him.
SOOYOuNA | 64
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
After swallowing a mouthful of chicken, Fatty opened his mouth to
reveal a set of long teeth that glittered in the sunlight. As he
examined them, Meng Hao’s expression grew even stranger. He
almost couldn’t believe it. He could clearly sense spiritual energy
fluctuating within Fatty’s teeth.
“How is Fatty doing his training?” Meng Hao thought. “How could the
spiritual energy be moving into his teeth? They’ve become Spirit
Teeth? If he keeps training this way, they’ll transform into true
treasures...” He shook his head in amazement.
Time passed, and soon the sun was about to set. Meng Hao and
Fatty chatted just as they used to in the old days. He told Fatty all
about the things that had happened in the Outer Sect, with the
exception of the copper mirror, of course.
Fatty listened raptly, filled with the desire to reach the first level of Qi
Condensation and get promoted.
When it came time to leave, Meng Hao gave a Spirit Condensation
Pill to Fatty. He swallowed it, and then they parted. Fatty watched
Meng Hao disappear into the jungle, looking a bit melancholy,
assuring himself that he would apply himself diligently to cultivation
training.

He had come by route of the East Mountain, so Meng Hao decided to
return by the West Mountain. This was his first time traversing the
entirety of the Reliance Sect. By the time dusk fell, he was walking
next to a plateau which jutted out from the West Mountain. On the
plateau was a massive stone tablet.
The stone tablet was the color of blood, as if it had been painted with
gore. Several characters were carved onto the cold stone.
Low Level Public Zone.
There were more characters off to the side, smaller. It explained that
the Qi Condensation fourth level disciples were prohibited from
entering. Only first through third levels could enter the Public Zone.
Looking up, Meng Hao could see the multiple figures interlocked in
combat. Many techniques were being used as they fought
desperately. Blood sprayed in all directions, and miserable cries rang
out. An arm was lopped off, a bag of holding snatched.
As he watched, someone rushed down the mountain, screaming,
followed by a huge man with a hideous grin.
SOOYOuNA | 65
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Help me!”
“Who can save you from Cao?!”
1. “Fatty” Li Fugui’s name in Chinese is 李富贵 (lǐ fù guì) – Li is a
common family name. Fugui means “rich and influential”
SOOYOuNA | 66
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

CHAPTER 11: PILL CULTIVATION WORKSHOP OUTLET
Not too far ahead of him, Meng Hao saw someone screaming for
help. Before the person could get off of the plateau, the huge man’s
flying sword hit him, piercing his neck. He fell twitching to the ground
in a shower of blood, rattled out a last breath, then died. The huge
man grabbed his victim’s bag of holding, then turned and headed
back into the Public Zone.
Meng Hao watched the grisly scene unfold, then further observed
what was happening on the plateau. The sounds of slaughter drifted
along with the wind, which carried the scent of blood and gore into
Meng Hao’s nostrils.
“You can get rich overnight in this place, but it’s also extremely
dangerous. For cultivation, for Spirit Stones, people put their lives on
the line. It’s not really worth it.” Meng Hao frowned. He was almost at
the peak of the third level of Qi Condensation, but what was
happening up there was just too chaotic. It would be too easy to be
injured, and if he were robbed, it would have a long-lasting effect.
Meng Hao thought about the lack of Spirit Stones in his bag. If he
depended on receiving Spirit Stones distributed by the Sect, who
knew how many years he would have to wait. Muttering to himself, he
looked up at the Cultivators on the plateau. They fought fiercely, each
and every one having suffered injuries. Suddenly, Meng Hao had a
flash of inspiration, an idea.
His idea grew more and more clear, and his eyes began to shine. He
turned and hurried off, not to the Immortal’s Cave in the Southern
Mountain, but rather down to the Outer Sect. He skirted the main
square, and eventually arrived at a building.
The building appeared to be ancient, and was surrounding by the
fragrant aroma of medicine.

Inscribed above the doorway were characters which read: Pill
Cultivation Workshop.
It wasn’t his first time coming here. Actually, in his first month after
being promoted to the Outer Sect, he had come here once to check
out the various medicinal pills which were for sale. That was when he
had learned about the Fasting Pills you could buy which would
prevent hunger for several days.
The only currency used here was Spirit Stones and Spirit
Condensation Pills. Unfortunately, the exchange rate was very unfair.
For example, one Spirit Condensation Pill could be traded for ten
Fasting Pills. Because of this, few people came here, and it tended to
be cold and deserted.
When he arrived, Meng Hao didn’t hesitate. It wasn’t large inside, and
sitting cross-legged right in the middle of the room was a sickly
looking middle-aged man. Surrounding him on the SOOYOuNA | 67
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
interlocking wooden shelves were an assortment of gourd bottles,
inscribed upon which were the names of various medicines.
There were Blood Coagulation Pills which could treat external
injuries, Skeletal Relaxation Pills to relieve fatigue, Spirit Refreshment
Pills to temporarily increase energy and of course Fasting Pills and
Appetite Control Pills. There were even Marrow Growth Pills which
could treat broken and crushed bones.
There were many types of medicines, but all of them were
considerably costly. For most, the cost of three to ten pills was one
Spirit Condensation Pill. To most disciples of the Inner Sect, a Spirit
Condensation Pill was worth fighting over, so few were willing to
come here and trade them away.

Meng Hao strolled around the Pill Cultivation Workshop muttering to
himself, his eyes glittering. Then, he pulled out five Spirit
Condensation Pills and exchanged them for a handful of different
types of medicines.
It seemed the sickly man didn’t see customers like Meng Hao very
often. He brightened up immediately, handing over the bottle gourds
of medicine.
Placing all the bottles gourds into his bag of holding, Meng Hao left,
carefully taking a circuitous route through the mountainous forest
back to the Immortal’s cave. By the time he arrived, night had fallen.
He sat down cross-legged, looking at the four bottle gourds.
“The sages said, if you do not expend, you will not profit. I’ve paid a
lot this time, and I’m going get a lot in return.” Quietly comforting
himself in this way, he stood and left the cave, returning shortly with a
long tree branch about the thickness of his arm, along with a large
pile of leaves.
He pulled a green robe out from Zhao Wugang’s bag of holding and
tore the seams apart, then laid it out in front of him. It seemed the
right size, so he pulled another robe out, tore the seams, and placed
it with the first. He looked down, contented.
Next, he crushed up the leaves to produce a thick sap. Then, he
dipped his fingers into the makeshift ink and wrote several large
characters onto the cloth in sweeping calligraphy.
He looked at it, feeling quite satisfied, then closed his eyes and
began doing breathing exercises.
SOOYOuNA | 68
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

The night passed, and early the next morning, he picked up the tree
branch and left the cave hurriedly.
It didn’t take long to reach the plateau, and despite the early hour,
there were already a few disciples there locked in battle. The
fierceness of the fighting was readily apparent. Ignoring the other
Cultivators, Meng Hao passed the large stone tablets and walked
onto the plateau.
His eyes scanned the surroundings, until falling to rest on a boulder
which stuck up out of the ground along the border.
He walked over and sat down cross-legged on the boulder, looking
every bit the peaceful and harmless scholar. Occasionally some of
the others would look at him darkly, whereupon he would reveal some
of his cultivation level. Frightened, they left him alone. He decided to
wait until more people arrived.
Time passed, and gradually, more and more fellow disciples arrived in
the Public Zone. Soon, there were about twenty people. Some of
them looked at the kind, scholarly Meng Hao, and started to walk
toward him. All he had to do was reveal a bit of his cultivation level
and they would retreat in shock.
After a while, he figured there were enough people. He slapped his
bag of holding, retrieving the cloth strip. He attached it to the tree
branch, which he then stabbed into the clay soil next to the boulder.
The mountain breeze lifted the cloth up, turning it into a streaming
banner. It caught the attention of quite a few of the people nearby,
particularly the characters written on it.
“Pill Cultivation Workshop Outlet.”
The dark green characters seemed to flash, causing the facial
expressions of the nearby Reliance Sect disciples to change. Some
seemed astonished, others confused. Some sneered and others
frowned.

“Pill Cultivation Workshop Outlet? What does that mean?”
“Don’t tell me that guy is an apprentice alchemist sent by the Sect’s
Pill Cultivation Workshop?”
“He looks familiar...”
Discussions broke out on the plateau after Meng Hao revealed the
flag. But after a bit of time passed, the fighting and robbing resumed.
Blood showered and screams rang out.
SOOYOuNA | 69
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao’s eyes shone as he looked about at the people in the
Public Zone. Not far off from him were two Cultivators of the second
level of Qi Condensation, locked in combat, their eyes red. One of
them had a shoulder sliced open by his opponent’s flying sword.
Blood showered out, and he seemed to be in quite a difficult position.
“Brother, come here,” called out Meng Hao. “Brother, the sages said,
it is unwise to risk one’s life when injured. You seem to be bleeding
quite profusely from your shoulder. It won’t benefit you to let yourself
be killed. I happen to have a Blood Coagulation pill here from the Pill
Cultivation Workshop. It can heal all of the sword wounds on your
body in less time than it takes to take three breaths.” As Meng Hao
made his sales pitch, the two fighting men ignored him and continued
to fight. The injured Cultivator’s eyes grew redder, and the wound on
his shoulder grew worse. Then, blood poured from his chest as his
opponent’s flying sword hit him again.
“Look, you got wounded again,” admonished Meng Hao of his first
potential customer. “Quick, come buy a Blood Coagulation Pill!
Otherwise, you might be defeated. All you have to do is give me one
Spirit Stone, and I’ll give you the Blood Coagulation Pill. It’s definitely
worth it.”

“Shut up,” roared the injured Cultivator, retreating a pace. “The Pill
Cultivation Workshop is a rip-off, but they charge one Spirit Stone for
five Blood Coagulation Pills. You’re even worse!”
“Ai, it’s not expensive. Your life is much more precious than a Spirit
Stone. If you die, then all your Spirit Stones will belong to someone
else. All you have to do is buy some of my medicine, and then you’ll
have the chance to win and snatch your opponent’s bag of holding.
All for the price of a single Spirit Stone. Is that expensive? You’re not
buying medicine, you’re buying your own life.” Meng Hao stood.
Perhaps his words had affected the wounded Cultivator. He struggled
backwards a few paces, hesitation showing on his face.
“Dammit,” roared the man’s opponent, pointing his flying sword. “If
you mess things up for me, then after I kill this guy I’ll come after
you!”
“I’ll buy it!” said the injured man, slapping his bag of holding and
producing a Spirit Stone which he shot toward Meng Hao. Meng Hao
snatched it out of the air and tossed back a Blood Coagulation Pill.
The Cultivator grabbed it and placed it onto his shoulder wound. It
stopped bleeding almost immediately.
Refreshed, his spirit enlivened, he leaped back into the fight.
Suddenly, his opponent retreated, blood flowing out from his
wounded chest.
“Brother, Brother,” said Meng Hao, switching customers. “Your
opponent bought one of my Blood Coagulation Pills and is now
brimming with energy. I think if you don’t buy one as well, you will be
facing much peril. I don’t just have Blood Coagulation Pills. I also
have Skeletal Relaxation Pills to counter fatigue. I’ll give you one
each for two Spirit Stones. That will guarantee you healing and plenty
of energy. You’ll definitely be able to achieve victory.”
SOOYOuNA | 70

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“You... you...” said the first man indignantly. He didn’t know what to
say. Was this Pill Cultivation Workshop Outlet Pill boy here to help
him or hurt him? He had just gone from a miserable situation to one
of hope. Then, this happened. He attacked more incisively in his
indignation. The scene playing out in front of him was exactly the
same as when he had bought his medicine.
“If you win, then you’re actually spending someone else’s Spirit
Stones on the medicine,” said Meng Hao enticingly, holding the
medicinal pills in his hands. “It’s really worth it.”
“I’ll take it,” said the man who had already bought a pill.
“Dammit, give it to me,” said the Cultivator who had originally held the
upper hand. Despite his hatred for Meng Hao, hearing the other man
demand the medicine caused him to grit his teeth and open his
mouth.
“I’ll give three Spirit Stones!”
“Brother, he’s offering three. If you can’t top that, I’ll have to give the
medicine to him. Take care!”
“I’ll give four!”
“Brother, he’s offering four. Four!”
“Five!”
“Six!”
“Dammit. I give up. Die!” The Cultivator who had originally held the
upper hand turned on Meng Hao, furious. At first, the battle had been
quite simple. But once Meng Hao got involved, everything got
complicated. He flew toward Meng Hao, murderous intent filling his
face, clearly aiming to exterminate him.

As he neared, Meng Hao’s visage, meek, scholarly and business-like,
suddenly changed, growing somber and stern. Just before the
Cultivator reached him, he took a step forward, his right palm
slapping forward. Spiritual energy poured out with a bang.
The Cultivator flew back with a shriek, overwhelmed by the spiritual
energy of Meng Hao’s third level of Qi Condensation. The attack had
struck him unconscious.
SOOYOuNA | 71
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao snatched his bag of holding, and then his somber, stern
expression changed, and he was once again the weak scholar. All the
onlookers were shocked.
“Brother, I believe you just offered me six Spirit Stones,” he said
shyly, looking a bit embarrassed.
The other Cultivator’s face paled, and his body trembled. He stared at
Meng Hao with astonishment and terror. How could he ever have
imagined that things would turn out this way? How could this
apparently weak and feeble person have changed so much? It was
almost as if what he had just witnessed was a dream.
SOOYOuNA | 72
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 12: HELLO, ELDER SISTER XU
The scene, which had attracted the attention of the other nearby
Cultivators, caused their expressions to change. Many seemed to be
at a loss, unsure of exactly what had happened. But now, they all
knew that Meng Hao was not someone to provoke.

Even though they didn’t know exactly what had happened, Meng
Hao’s trembling first customer did. His heart pounding madly, he
slapped his bag of holding and produced six Spirit Stones, which he
respectfully handed over. He regretted having hesitated in front of the
Pill Cultivation Workshop in the past. By fretting over his Spirit Stones
at that time, he’d ended up with no medicine. And now, he didn’t have
any Spirit Stones to go buy anything for himself.
Meng Hao accepted the Spirit Stones, produced a Blood Coagulation
pill and Skeletal Relaxation Pill, and gave them to the man.
“Many thanks for your patronage,” he said with a wide smile. “Come
back again soon.” Once again, he looked weak and feeble. But to the
Cultivator standing in front of him, he was a vicious beast in sheep’s
clothing. Trembling, the man made his exit.
As he left, Meng Hao decided not to return to his spot on the rock. He
grabbed the Pill Cultivation Workshop Outlet banner and began to
stroll about the Public Zone. He stopped next to two battling disciples,
sticking the banner into the ground.
“Brother, it seems you’re injured,” he said, stepping forward. “You also
seem somewhat listless.
You don’t seem to be in the right state to be fighting.”
The two disciples stared at him in amazement. Having just seen him
knock someone out, they hesitated, and at the same time, both
backed up a bit.
“I happen to have some Spirit Refreshment Pills from the Pill
Cultivation Workshop. Take one, and you will be completely
reinvigorated, your victory guaranteed. Since today is our opening
day of business, it only costs one Spirit Stone. How convenient!”
Meng Hao continued to walk forward, his face filled with sincerity.

“I already have some medicinal pills,” said the man he had been
giving his sales pitch to. He slapped his grab of holding, and a Spirit
Refreshment Pill appeared, which he popped into his mouth.
Upon seeing this, Meng Hao sighed. He had watched his first
customer for some time before determining that he had no medicinal
pills. With a light cough, he looked at the second man SOOYOuNA |
73
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
standing in front of him. The man gave a cold harrumph, then
produced his own medicinal pill and swallowed it, sighing inwardly.
But Meng Hao wasn’t disheartened. He circled back to the boulder,
continuing to watch the two of them. As time passed, they seemed to
be looking worse and worse off. Soon, it was clear they were out of
medicinal pills, and the critical juncture in the fight had arrived. Victory
and defeat would be decided.
His spirits risen again, Meng Hao hefted the banner and approached
them again.
“Brothers, the moment of life or death has arrived. You don’t have any
medicinal pills left, but don’t worry, I have some right here.
“At this critical juncture, buy one of my Soul Congealing Pills. It will
restore your energy in a flash, and even recover your spiritual energy.
Brothers, you’re not buying a medicinal pill, you’re buying spiritual
energy. Aiyo, you’re injured!” Meng Hao’s words distracted the
Cultivators. A flying sword hit one of them in the arm, sending out a
fountain of blood. He retreated backward with a scream.
Meng Hao was even faster than him, following and continuing his
speech, looked as weak and scholarly as ever.

“Brother, now is the time. You’re bleeding profusely. Quick, buy a
Blood Coagulation Pill. If you don’t, the danger is just too great.”
“Get out of here!” the man’s opponent roared at Meng Hao. He
charged his injured opponent.
“Give me a pill,” said the injured Cultivator, his face pale. Retreating
several paces, he gritted his teeth and pulled out a Spirit Stone. A
Blood Coagulation Pill shot from Meng Hao’s hand onto the wound on
the man’s arm. The blood flow began to slow. He focused his
attention, then leaped back into the fight.
“Aiya, Brother, it seems you’re out of medicinal pills. Look, I have
plenty. Now that your opponent bought one, he’s bursting with energy.
But you’re injured. Why don’t you buy a Blood Coagulation pill?
“Oh no, you got slashed again. You must be really tired. Take it slow,
and don’t be discouraged.
Brother, I still have a Skeletal Relaxation Pill.
“One Spirit Stone for one pill. You should buy pills quickly. The sages
said, Spirit Stones have a price, but a life is priceless.” Meng Hao
slowly circled them. Sure enough, they were out of SOOYOuNA | 74
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
medicinal pills, and soon, they began buying. Feeling pressure from
each other, they bought quite a few. The battle grew more serious.
Their fighting today was more intense than four or five normal battles.
Originally, it had been a fairly simple fight, but with the Pill Cultivation
Workshop Outlet here, things were complicated. With dangerous
fighting, comes injury. The two cannot be separated.
Flop. Flop. The two men had finally exhausted every scrap of energy.
They dropped to the ground, unconscious, Spirit Stones spent and

medicinal pills eaten up. Even their magical items were destroyed in
the battle, seemingly together along with their wits. How tragic.
As far as Meng Hao was concerned, he had saved their lives. Or at
least one life. Hefting his banner, he once again strolled around the
plateau, and once again found two Cultivators locked in devastating
combat. From the look of it, even if they had healing medicine, it was
gone by now. Eyes glistening, he stood the banner up next to the two
of them.
“Brothers, your complexions seem bad, and you’ve received some
serious injuries. But fear not, I have medicinal pills. One Spirit Stone
buys one pill; your recovery is guaranteed.
“How come you aren’t saying anything? Don’t tell me you don’t trust
me? Just now another disciple bought some of my pills. The result for
his opponent was death.”
Shortly, each of the men bought a pill, then again, and again, until
they had no more Spirit Stones left. After much bitter battling, they
ended their fight in a tie, with nothing to show for it except empty
bags of holding.
Meng Hao shook his head, picked up the banner and found a new
place to do business.
By the time the sun set, Meng Hao had been everywhere in the
Public Zone, selling medicinal pills. In the end, wherever he went, the
battling would instantly cease, and the participants would leave.
Eventually, Meng Hao stared out over an empty Public Zone.
Contentedly patting his bag of holding, he left.
It was late at night when he arrived at the Immortal’s Cave. He sat
down cross-legged and excitedly began to take inventory of his
spoils.

“One, two...” He grew more and more excited as he counted.
“Altogether I have fifty-three. I’m rich. This method is much faster
than robbing people. It’s also much safer. No need for killing.”
“I don’t have many medicinal pills left, so tomorrow I’ll go to the Pill
Cultivation Workshop and buy some more. If I want the business to
do well, I should buy out all of this month’s healing SOOYOuNA | 75
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
medicines. If I don’t have enough Spirit Stones, I’ll just buy as much
as I can. The scarcer the pills, the easier they’ll be to sell.”
Meng Hao opened the bag of holding he had taken from the
unconscious Cultivator. Inside were a few Spirit Stones, two Spirit
Condensation Pills, and a pink-colored medicinal pill.
He held the pill up and examined it. He recognized it as one of the Pill
Cultivation Workshop’s Cosmetic Cultivation Pills, an expensive pill. It
was worth about ten Spirit Condensation Pills, and could be
considered one of the most expensive products available.
“This pill is designed to maintain one’s physical appearance. It would
be a waste for me to use it on myself.” He figured the previous owner
must have been trying to ingratiate himself to a female disciple. Not
thinking any more on the subject, he put the pill into his bag of
holding.
As he was looking down contentedly at all the Spirit Stones and
medicinal pills, the main door of the Immortal’s Cave suddenly
creaked and began to open. It happened so quickly, Meng Hao had
no time to gather up all his spoils.
A woman entered, surrounded by a halo of moonlight. She was
beautiful, but cold and expressionless. She wore a long silver robe
that made it seem as if she had donned the moon itself.

It was none other than the Reliance Inner Sect’s Elder Sister Xu.
As she entered the Immortal’s Cave, moonlight fell onto the Spirit
Stones and medicinal pills which lay in front of Meng Hao. A sliver of
astonishment suddenly cut through her cold demeanor.
“Greetings, Elder Sister Xu,” said Meng Hao, scrambling to his feet.
His right hand swept up the Spirit Stones and medicinal pills. He
stood there, looking embarrassed.
Elder Sister Xu didn’t say anything. She just looked at Meng Hao,
nodded, then turned to leave.
Look surprised, Meng Hao followed after her.
“Elder Sister Xu, you took the trouble to come here, why not stay a
bit?”
“There’s no need,” she replied coldly. “I’ll be going into secluded
meditation starting tomorrow, and I just wanted to check in on you.”
She looked him over, then walked out of the cave.
SOOYOuNA | 76
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao felt embarrassed, regretting having not collected up the
Spirit Stones more quickly.
In that case, he would have looked a bit worse off, and perhaps Elder
Sister Xu would have been willing to help him out some more.
At the same time, he felt a bit of warmth in his heart. Elder Sister Xu
appeared cold and indifferent, but she had come here to see him,
which meant she remembered him. His heart thumping, he slapped
his bag of holding and produced the pink-colored medicinal pill.

“I’ve been wanting to thank you, Elder Sister Xu. I saved up quite a bit
of Spirit Condensation Pills so that I could trade them for this
Cosmetic Cultivation Pill. Please accept it. In my eyes, only you are
worthy of such a pill. From the moment I entered the sect, I’ve had a
dream, that you would stay young forever, and be eternally beautiful.”
Without so much as a wink, he solemnly and respectfully held out the
pill.
Elder Sister Xu stopped walking and looked back at him. She glanced
silently at the pill in his hand, then accepted it.
“Even though Spirit Condensation Pills are common in the sect, they
are only effective up to the fifth level of Qi Condensation. We
Cultivators place much importance on our Cultivation base. We live in
the world of Cultivation, a place where life and death hang in the
balance. You can’t be like this in the future. You may be intelligent,
but you need to work more on your cultivation.” This was the first time
Meng Hao had heard Elder Sister Xu speak so much. As she spoke,
he nodded respectfully.
“As long as Elder Sister Xu likes it, I’m willing to trade for it,” he said,
lowering his head and blinking. He looked a bit shy.
“This pill... I’ll accept it this time, but next time don’t trade your pills
like this.” She put the pill away, hesitated for a moment, then pulled
out a pink-colored jade pendant which she handed to Meng Hao.
“This is a magical item,” she said. “You need to protect yourself.” She
began to walk down the mountain.
“Many thanks, Elder Sister Xu,” said Meng Hao. “Would you allow me
to accompany you while you walk? I haven’t seen you for so long,
and I have some questions regarding Cultivation that I hope you can
clear up for me.” He knew that this was an important opportunity. This
was the only person he had to rely on, so he needed to get close to
her. If he could walk with her through the Outer Sect and be seen by

others, perhaps fewer people would be willing to mess with him in the
future.
Elder Sister Xu hesitated. She was an indifferent person, and usually
didn’t say much. She had never spent time with male sect members,
and it felt a bit strange to have Meng Hao standing SOOYOuNA | 77
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
there next to her. She was about to refuse, but after he finished
speaking, she thought bashfully of the Cosmetic Cultivation Pill he
had given her, and she nodded quietly.
The moon shone down gently on the two of them as they walked.
Just then, at the peak of the North Mountain, a tall old man stood up,
clad in a gray robe. As he looked down on the scene, a look of
admiration appeared on his face.
“Excellent. This pup Meng Hao isn’t bad at all. He truly grasps the
correct interpretation of the Reliance Sect. He knows how to find
someone to rely on. And he also knows that if he protects his
relationship with that person, then he will always have someone to
rely on.” This was the same old man who had expressed admiration
for Meng Hao on Pill Distribution day. The more he learned about
Meng Hao, the more he liked him.
SOOYOuNA | 78
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 13: MANLY CAO YANG
Elder Sister Xu was like a tiger pelt, which, when worn while strolling
about the Outer Sect, would immediately attract attention. When the
Outer Sect disciples saw Elder Sister Xu walking with Meng Hao,
strange expressions filled their faces. This was especially true for

those who had bought medicines from Meng Hao earlier that day.
Hatred blossomed, and then was held back.
As for those with higher level Cultivation bases, they didn’t know what
had happened on the plateau, but they still recognized Meng Hao,
and conjectured that he was not someone to be trifled with.
Actually, Meng Hao didn’t know it, but he had become a rather
famous person in the Outer Sect in the past two months.
As far as he was concerned, the most important thing was getting
through each day. Right now it was night, and not many disciples
were about. Not even half of them saw the scene play out.
Realizing that his opportunity was not easy to come by, and shouldn’t
be lost, Meng Hao prattled on with some of his best humble scholar’s
words. He led taciturn Elder Sister Xu to the Pill Cultivation
Workshop, where the middle-aged man, both nervous and anxious,
sold him all of the various healing pills at a very low price. It would
take months to restock the amount of pills he took.
They even went to the Treasure Pavilion. When Elder Sister Xu
stared ferociously at the shrewd-looking man, his face grew pale. He
surreptitiously slipped a Spirit Stone to Meng Hao and indicated that
he could exchange the copper mirror at any time. Meng Hao gave a
cold harrumph, looking detested, and told the man that he’d lost the
mirror ages ago.
The Treasure Pavilion Brother laughed bitterly and apologized. He
told him not to worry, that the mirror had been lost in the past and
was always found again within two or three years. At the foot of the
East Mountain, Meng Hao watched Elder Sister Xu walk off into the
distance, surrounded by moonlight. That was the first time he realized
that she was actually incredibly beautiful, like some sort of Immortal
goddess.

“Too bad she’s so cold, otherwise I would think about marrying her.”
He fantasized idly for a bit, then gave a few dry coughs and headed
back to the Immortal’s Cave.
The night passed by uneventfully, and early the next day, as the first
rays of dawn appeared, Meng Hao energetically made his way to the
plateau.
SOOYOuNA | 79
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I’m just a sliver away from the peak of the third level of Qi
Condensation. It’s too bad I don’t have the right medicinal pills.
Demonic Cores aren’t easy to get, and I would have to go to that
black mountain, which is just too dangerous.” As he walked, an idea
began to form.
“My goal now is to collect Spirit Stones. Then, the next time I can get
a Demonic Core, I will be able to make a massive leap of progress. If
I can get to the fifth level of Qi Condensation...” His heart began to
thump, and his eyes shined with anticipation.
“Being of the fifth level in the Outer Sect makes you a kind of lord.
And most importantly, you can use the Wind Walking technique.”
Meng Hao thought back to Elder Brother Wang Tengfei and how he
was able to hover seven inches above the ground, and his heart beat
even faster.
Soon, the plateau appeared in front of him, and he hurried forward.
Looking every bit the humble scholar, he sat down cross-legged on
the boulder.
Soon, more and more Cultivators appeared, including some who
hadn’t been present the day before. The sounds of battle filled the air,
along with blood-curdling screams. Meng Hao scanned the scene,
trying to pick out his first potential customer of the day. He didn’t

notice that in another part of the Public Zone, a man was carefully
making his way through the crowd.
The Cultivator walked slowly, looking all around. Suddenly, his gaze
fell onto Meng Hao, and his body trembled. He stopped walking.
This was Meng Hao’s first customer from the day before. He had
personally witnessed Meng Hao knock down his opponent, then act
bashful afterwards. He hadn’t expected him to return today, yet there
he was.
“How come he’s still here? That swindler! His wares are simply too
expensive!” The Cultivator felt both hatred and fear. Heaving a sigh,
he was about to leave, when suddenly his eyes caught sight of a
manly disciple entering the Public Zone.
“It’s Cao Yang... He’s at the peak of the second level, just a step
away from the third. His cousin Lu Hong is the number one disciple in
the Low-Level Public Zone. Thanks to him, Cao Yang can bully
people and use despicable tactics to hurt people when fighting.
People get angry, but won’t say anything. If it were anyone else,
people would have ganged up on him long ago. He didn’t show up
yesterday, so things went relatively smoothly. Today’s going to be
good.” The Cultivator moved a bit closer, convinced that Cao Yang
would end up provoking the guy from the Pill Cultivation Workshop
Outlet. Considering he hated both of them, he looked forward eagerly
to their misery.
Some of the nearby combatants caught sight of Cao Yang, and their
expressions changed. They stepped aside quickly, afraid of incurring
the wrath of the manly disciple.
SOOYOuNA | 80
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

Cao Yang snorted coldly. He was tall, tough and stocky. His cold,
hard stare was intimidating, as if the Low Level Public Zone was his
own back yard. Other than two or three people who he didn’t want to
mess with, he looked down on everyone. Frowning, he wondered why
he hadn’t seen his good friend Zhao Wugang lately. This made his
mood sour, so he stalked about looking for a newbie to steal
medicinal pills from.
Then, his gaze fell upon Meng Hao, and the big banner sticking up
next to him.
At first, he had barely noticed him. But then he saw the gloating
Cultivator watching on in the distance, and his interest was piqued.
“Go, go, quickly,” said the Cultivator under his breath. He suddenly
realized that watching the fighting was a lot more interesting than
participating in it.
Perhaps his mumblings had some effect, because Cao Yang rolled
his eyes and then strode over to Meng Hao. People hurried to get out
of his way.
Meng Hao sat on the boulder, looking as resolute as ever, preparing
to hawk his medicines.
But as he saw Cao Yang approaching, he realized he could not
accomplish his goal. He raised his head, feeling a bit of pity.
This man was no stranger to him. He was the violent man he had
seen a few days ago. Meng Hao sat there, a weak scholar. Looking
bashful and a bit ardent, he said:
“Brother, it’s our second day in business. All pills are in stock, and
each one is essential for battle. Would you like to buy some?”
Cao Yang looked him over but was unable to estimate his Cultivation
base. If a person’s Qi Condensation level is below the seventh, then

unless they intentionally emit spiritual energy, their Cultivation base
will be motionless, and it is impossible to see how powerful they are.
Only at the seventh level of Qi Condensation does it become visible
to others.
Therefore, he had no way to know Meng Hao’s level.
“When I buy things, I don’t need to spend money. Hand over all your
medicinal pills and Spirit Stones. If you dally, I’ll snap your neck.” His
eyes flashed, and his tone was utterly forceful and domineering. After
all, this was the Low-Level Public Zone, and everyone here revered
him.
His cousin was Lu Hong. As far as he was concerned, Meng Hao was
nobody.
Off in the distance, Meng Hao’s first customer watched the
proceedings eagerly.
SOOYOuNA | 81
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Beat him to death, beat him to death!” he said quietly. Even he didn’t
know which party he was referring to.
“Brother, the sages said, it is not good to steal,” said Meng Hao
delicately. “Look, let’s discuss things a bit. I’m running a business
here, but I haven’t even opened shop yet. How could I have Spirit
Stones already?”
“Sages? On this plateau, I am the sage,” Cao Yang said, feeling even
more confident after hearing Meng Hao speak. “If I want to beat you,
who will stop me? If I want to cut you to pieces, who would even utter
a peep?” Assuming Meng Hao was scared, he laughed heartily and
took a step forward. He was very close now, and his eyes radiated
insolence.

“Brother, I didn’t do anything to provoke you. Furthermore, I’m not in
the Public Zone. Look, I’m outside the borders.” Pulling a long face,
Meng Hao stood up on the boulder, trying to speak reasonably.
“You really can talk crap,” said manly Cao Yang impatiently. “If I say
you’re inside, then you’re inside.” He stepped past the banner, then
swiped his hand at Meng Hao.
“What a bully!” When he saw manly Cao Yang’s hand moving, Meng
Hao’s countenance flickered, and he seemed to change into a
different person. As Cao Yang moved forward, so did he, and his right
palm shot out.
A bang sounded out, then a horrific scream came out of manly Cao
Yang’s mouth, followed by a fountain of blood. His body flew back
some distance, his face filled with astonishment.
His Cultivation level was higher than that of the Cultivator Meng Hao
had struck yesterday, so he didn’t lose consciousness. But pain
wracked his body. Even as he attempted to struggle to his feet, Meng
Hao appeared next to him and kicked him viciously into the ground.
“The sages said, if you take things without paying, you’re courting
death.
“I told you, I’m running a business, and I haven’t opened shop yet. I
don’t have any Spirit Stones.” As he spoke, he continued to ruthlessly
trample Cao Yang. The manly man’s shrill, miserable shrieks
sounded out over the plateau, punctuating Meng Hao’s each and
every word.
He protected his head with his hands, rolling about. Soon, footprints
covered his green robe.
“I told you I was outside the Public Area, not inside,” said Meng Hao
furiously. The manly man’s horrible cries began to grow weak, and it
seemed that soon he wouldn’t even have the energy to cry out at all.

The onlooking Cultivators all seemed to suck in their breath, looking
at Meng Hao raging in all his fury. A few of them had been present
the day before, and they started to think that they had struck it lucky.
SOOYOuNA | 82
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The one who understood things the most was yesterday’s first
customer. Looking at manly Cao Yang screaming, and watching
Meng Hao’s fierce expression as he jumped up and down, he
suddenly began to sweat and quiver. The longer he watched, the
more he felt that Meng Hao was truly frightening and dangerous.
It appeared that Cao Yang was about to lose consciousness. The
shadow of death seemed to float over him. His vision began to grow
dim. Then, he rose up his left hand, trembling. In it was a Spirit Stone.
“I... I’ll buy some medicine!” he cried. He mustered all his strength to
cry out as loud as possible, apparently afraid that Meng Hao wouldn’t
hear him.
Meng Hao stopped, his foot in mid-air. His fierce expression flickered
away, replaced with the innocent scholar’s. With a genial smile, he
took the Spirit Stone.
“Why didn’t you say so earlier?” He helped Cao Yang to his feet,
brushing the dusty footprints off his robe.
His manly body trembled, and he stared fearfully at Meng Hao.
Looking at him, Cao Yang wanted to leave immediately, to get as far
away as possible from the demon in human clothing.
As of now, he was just like the Cultivator from yesterday.
“Brother, looking at your current state, I think one medicinal pill will
only help you temporarily.” He gripped Cao Yang by the shoulders.

He seemed to stop in consideration for a moment. “You have a lot of
enemies. Why don’t you buy some more?”
SOOYOuNA | 83
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 14: THREATS
Upon hearing this, Cao Yang’s body went stiff. It wasn’t just him.
Everyone backed up, looking at Meng Hao in dread.
“Buy... buy some more?” said Cao Yang, shaking, his voice weak.
Were it not for Meng Hao holding him up, he would have toppled
over.
“One pill, one Spirit Stone,” said Meng Hao affably. He retrieved
several Anti-hemostasis Pills from his bag of holding. “I’m honest with
all customers, Brother, please rest at ease. I won’t take advantage of
your misfortunate to raise prices. Just ask any of the Brothers nearby.
The Pill Cultivation Workshop Outlet’s reputation is quite good.”
Seeing all the pills, Cao Yang’s face paled. And then he looked at the
amiable expression on Meng Hao’s face and his back grew cold.
Heart trembling, he gritted his teeth.
“Brother, you can really tell the good from the bad. These are genuine
Pill Cultivation Workshop products.” As he spoke, he produced some
Blood Coagulation Pills and held them out.
Cao Yang looked at the medicinal pills with a start, then glanced
bitterly at Meng Hao’s bag of holding. He looked back at Meng Hao’s
face and saw it filled with care and concern.
Cao Yang wasn’t stupid, and he understood Meng Hao’s intentions.
The blood drained from his heart. But right now his life was the most
important thing, and he had no other options. He took out more Spirit
Stones from his bag of holding and reluctantly handed them over.

Meng Hao took them with a smile, then placed the medicinal pills into
Cao Yang’s hand one by one. In a short period of time, the Spirit
Stones in Cao Yang’s bag of holding had been replaced by a pile of
medicinal pills.
Cao Yang’s heart bled even more. Looking pained, he trembled.
Then he saw that Meng Hao still held five pills in his hand and a look
of shock and desperation filled his face.
“Those other pills should be enough to help you recover. These five
are for after that, to help you maintain your health.” He spoke
considerately as he gazed at Cao Yang.
SOOYOuNA | 84
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I don’t have any left, I really don’t,” Cao Yang said, looking at Meng
Hao, about to cry.
Meng Hao said nothing, looking as amiable as ever. Cao Yang’s scalp
tingled. Gritting his teeth and ignoring his own distress, he pulled out
some magic items, including flying swords, magic wands, Spirit
Condensation pills and the like.
“I have no spirit stones, only these things,” he said desperately.
“Magic items are also acceptable,” said Meng Hao, taking them and
putting them into his bag of holding.
Moments later, Cao Yang, carrying his bundle of medicinal pills,
hobbled off, supported by the arms of some fellow disciples.
Meng Hao patted his bag of holding contentedly. It was only morning,
and he had already sold out. He decided that it was best to quit while
he was ahead, so he collected his flag and told the remaining

Cultivators he would see them tomorrow. Conversations broke out as
he strode down from the plateau.
Half a month flashed by, during which time, Meng Hao grew to be
quite famous among the low-level disciples. They all knew about the
Pill Cultivation Workshop Outlet on the plateau.
Even more talked about was the owner of the shop, who looked like a
delicate scholar, but who had an explosive temper. Rumors spread.
One afternoon, Cao Yang walked out of his house, his face pale.
Despite his poor complexion, his wounds had healed. The pills he
had bought from Meng Hao at an exorbitant price were actually quite
effective in helping him to recover.
He had hidden away for the past half month, and today was the first
day he had been able to walk around. He looked hesitant at first, but
finally walked through the Outer Sect, eventually reaching an area
with few buildings. He stopped in front of one of them.
“Cao Yang requests an audience with Elder Brother Lu,” he said,
standing outside and clasping his hands in front of him respectfully.
Sitting inside cross-legged was a man of about thirty years of age
wearing a green robe. He was not a handsome man, but had an
appearance of excessive arrogance. His eyes flickered open, and he
looked out at Cao Yang appraisingly.
SOOYOuNA | 85
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“What transpired?” he said coolly.
“Well, Elder Brother Lu, I... I was robbed a few days ago.” Cao Yang
blurted it out, feeling nervous. People outside said that Elder Brother
Lu was his cousin, but in reality, they were not related. Elder Brother

Lu usually meditated in seclusion, and did not really care about Cao
Yang at all.
He knew that whenever Cao Yang had some hardship, he would
come calling.
Hearing his words, Elder Brother Lu seemed a bit annoyed.
“Who was it that robbed you?” he asked coolly.
“It was an Outer Sect disciple named Meng Hao,” replied Cao Yang.
“Meng Hao?” Elder Brother Lu thought for a moment.
“He’s completely ignorant and incompetent,” said Cao Yang hatefully.
“But he opened up a shop on the plateau, hawking medicinal pills to
disciples who get injured in battle.”
“Hawking medicinal pills?” said Elder Brother Lu with a frown. His
eyes flickered.
“Yeah. Now he’s one of the most famous disciples in the low level. He
opened up that shop and then forces people to buy from him. Now,
everyone is complaining and ashamed to be associated with him at
all. They all despise him. He’s aroused the wrath of heaven and
earth! I beg Elder Brother Lu to administer justice.” Anger covered
Cao Yang’s face as he thought about his own wretched experience
that day.
Actually, Elder Brother Lu didn’t care at all about the things Cao Yang
had just said. And yet, his eyes shone.
“My Cultivation base has reached this level because of all the lowlevel disciples I robbed. How come in all my years in the Reliance
Sect, I never thought to open a store and hawk medicinal pills...” He
sighed and slapped his thigh.

Upon hearing the noise from inside, Cao Yang stared in confusion at
the building, not sure what it meant. He didn’t dare to ask. Moments
later, Elder Brother Lu sent him away, with no assurance whatsoever
that he would aid him in seeking vengeance.
SOOYOuNA | 86
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The following morning at dawn, Meng Hao headed toward the plateau
carrying his banner. He was in a good mood. He had grown
accustomed walking the path to the plateau. When he reached it, he
sat down on the boulder.
As soon as he appeared, the faces of the other Cultivators on the
plateau grew pale. In the past half month, they had been tormented
by Meng Hao until they were completely dispirited. But, if they didn’t
come, how could they rob from other disciples? Killing outside of this
area was not permitted, so they had no choice but to come. What
they usually did was stop fighting as soon as Meng Hao showed up.
But people’s killing spirit would inevitably arise, animosities would be
stoked. Even though Meng Hao’s business had slowed, he still made
profit.
It is worth mentioning that ever since Meng Hao opened his shop,
there were much fewer deaths. He was quick to point this out, and it
had become a key feature of his sales pitch.
As usual, Meng Hao looked about for potential customers. He thought
to himself that this really wasn’t the best method. The shopkeepers in
Yunjie County always had assistants. Even as a new idea was
coalescing in his mind, he caught sight of a man in the distance,
about thirty years old. He looked extremely arrogant, and in his hand
he held a banner which looked just like Meng Hao’s. Written on the
banner were several large characters.

Pill Cultivation Workshop Outlet Number 2.
This was Lu Hong, the number one disciple in the lower level. His
Cultivation base was similar to Meng Hao’s, just a hair away from the
peak of the third level. Meng Hao glanced at him, then paid him no
attention. Of course there would always be imitators in business,
although Meng Hao wasn’t too pleased with the name on the banner.
The other Cultivators on the plateau looked at each other for a
moment, then went back to their fighting. About an hour later, Meng
Hao caught sight of two combatants. He hurried over and planted his
banner next to them. At the same time, Lu Hong hurried over and
planted his banner.
As the two banners were planted, the combatants dripped with cold
sweat. As far as they were concerned, the people standing there
were very powerful. Normally, one would be enough to make them
uncomfortable, but here were two, standing there staring.
“Brother, buying a medicinal pill will ensure your safety,” said Meng
Hao hurriedly. “One Spirit Stone per pill. I treat all customers fairly.”
SOOYOuNA | 87
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Buy Lu’s pills, they’re just as effective,” said Lu Hong from the other
side. He looked at the two, murderous intent flashing briefly in his
eyes.
The two combatants trembled down to their guts, having lost any
desire to fight. They produced Spirit Stones and handed them over to
Lu Hong, then raced off. Meng Hao frowned.
This was clearly robbery, and if things went on like this, the Public
Zone would soon be empty.
That wasn’t his desire.

By afternoon, Meng Hao’s business had dropped significantly. Other
than an order in the morning, he sold nothing at all. Lu Hong, who
didn’t care a bit about right and wrong, forced people to buy. If they
didn’t buy, then he attacked them. Soon, the plateau was completely
empty.
Lu Hong looked down at the dozen or so Spirit Stones he had
acquired. He looked cool and indifferent on the outside, but inside he
burned with excitement.
“This really is a good business. If I had thought of this before, I
wouldn’t have been made fun of for robbing so many lower level
disciples. If only that Meng Hao weren’t here, I’m sick of him.” He had
not come because of Cao Yang, of course, but rather to imitate Meng
Hao’s business model. Now that he had a taste of it, he wanted to
have the monopoly. He looked murderously at Meng Hao.
“I’ll practice a few more days,” he thought, “then kill him.”
The next day, thanks to Lu Hong’s powerful reputation as the number
one disciple in the low level, few people showed up in the Public
Zone. Those who did show up were ones who hadn’t been present
the day before. They had no choice but to buy medicinal pills. Meng
Hao wasn’t willing to do business like Lu Hong, so he didn’t get a
single order.
The more Lu Hong looked at Meng Hao, the more his murderous
intentions grew. By evening of the third day, when Meng Hao was
making his silent exit, he heard Lu Hong’s arrogant voice from behind
him. The few people present all heard.
“If I see your banner tomorrow, I’ll cripple your Cultivation base.”
Meng Hao stopped for a moment. He said nothing, but his eyes filled
with cold power. He stalked off, returning to the Immortal’s cave.

“You’re the one who copied me,” said Meng Hao, his eyes fierce.
“Then you stole my business, like a turtledove stealing the nest of a
magpie. Then you say you’ll cripple my Cultivation base!”
Thinking of the murder in Lu Hong’s eyes, Meng Hao pushed open
the stone door of the second SOOYOuNA | 88
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
room in the Immortal’s cave. Instantly, thick spiritual energy began to
pour out. Meng Hao sat down cross-legged.
He absorbed the several months’ worth of accumulated spiritual
energy. As dawn approached, he opened his flashing eyes. He had
experienced a breakthrough. No longer was he a hair away from the
peak, he was at the peak of the third level. Now he was just a step
from the fourth.
But that step was not an easy one. The higher one’s Cultivation base,
the more difficult it was to progress, especially to the fifth and seventh
levels. Those levels were often bottlenecks, extremely difficult. Meng
Hao frowned, gritted his teeth, and forced himself to open the bag of
holding and take out all of the Spirit Condensation Pills he had
earned recently. Then he used copper mirror’s mystical ability along
with all his valuable Spirit Stones to duplicate even more Spirit
Condensation Pills.
Spirit Condensation Pills were of limited use, but with a large amount,
there would be some effect. Each time he used this method, though,
its efficacy would be reduced.
“If I don’t cripple him first, he will destroy me tomorrow.” Without
hesitation, he popped the pills into his mouth.
The spiritual energy in his body lacked a bit, so as the huge amount
of Spirit Condensation Pills dissolved, his body began to shake. He
felt his Cultivation base erupt like a flood. His mind hummed, and his

consciousness faded a bit. When things grew clear, his eyes glittered.
And yet, he still had not reached the fourth level of Qi Condensation.
He ground his teeth. With no other choice, he duplicated more Spirit
Condensation Pills and swallowed them.
Once, twice, three times. His mind vibrated violently, as if it were
being smashed by turbulent waves. Then there was a bang, and his
eyes grew blurry.
Massive amounts of filth oozed out from his pores, and as it did,
Meng Hao’s vision slowly grew clearer, his body cleaner. After about
an hour, his eyes glittered dazzlingly, and he was completely clearheaded.
“The fourth level of Qi Condensation!” He felt his Cultivation base
roiling like a massive river.
As he rotated it, it sounded like a roaring tempest, astonishing and
frightening.
His expression calm, he retrieved five flying swords from his bag of
holding, spoils from the past half month. They were all products of the
Treasure Pavilion, standard issue, and all looked exactly the same.
There were some other magical items which he had procured. He
heaved a deep sigh, then closed his eyes and began to meditate,
awaiting daybreak.
SOOYOuNA | 89
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“After entering the sect and beginning my Cultivation practice, I had
no choice... but to rob some people to improve my Cultivation base.
But I don’t want to hurt too many people. Thus, I came up with the
idea of running a business. But now my business has been stolen

away, and I’ve been threatened with crippling... That is pushing things
too far!”
When dawn broke, Meng Hao opened his eyes and left the
Immortal’s cave. He washed, then headed straight for the plateau.
SOOYOuNA | 90
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 15: DECISIVE ATTACK
Dawn. The plateau. Considering the months of Meng Hao’s hawking,
and days of Lu Gong’s domineering, there were few Cultivators
present, especially this early in the morning. There were only two or
three, sitting there cross-legged.
When Meng Hao arrived, they opened their eyes, and each of them
sighed inwardly, wondering when things would return to the way they
had been before.
Moments later, they gaped in astonishment. Meng Hao didn’t enter
the plateau, but instead sat outside, cross-legged, eyes closed. He
remained there, unmoving.
This strange sight left them astonished. They looked at each other,
then seemed to remember something, whereupon they began to
gloat.
Time passed, and soon it was late into the morning. More and more
people arrived on the plateau, and every single one noticed Meng
Hao and his unusual behavior. People began to make guesses about
what was going on. Everyone was so intrigued that none of them
fought.
“Could it be that Elder Brother Lu’s words really worked? Meng Hao is
too scared, so he doesn’t dare to hawk goods?”

“It must be. Elder Brother Lu is the number one disciple in the low
level. If he tells you to beat it, then you have no choice but to beat it.”
“Who would have thought that this guy was so scared for his own
skin? All he can do is bully people lower than him. Look at how
arrogant he is. He thinks that just because he didn’t bring his crappy
banner, Elder Brother Lu will let him off the hook.” Many of them were
like this.
They wouldn’t complain when being robbed by someone powerful.
But if someone who looked weak and kind took their items through
business, they would complain endlessly.
Lu Hong had been in power for quite a while. From his first vicious
attack long ago, all the way to today, when he forced people to do
business with him, everyone was helpless. And yet, they had no
choice but to deal with the situation. In fact, many of them believed he
had become a bit gentler recently.
Meng Hao hadn’t been in the sect for very long, and was neither very
powerful nor arrogant.
So even though his business was conducted gently, everyone
complained relentlessly.
SOOYOuNA | 91
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao heard all of their talking, but his expression remained as
neutral as always. Of course, his reason for sitting in meditation
outside the Public Zone was not because he didn’t want to enter, but
rather because his Cultivation base was now at the fourth level of Qi
Condensation, and he couldn’t enter even if he wanted to.
In the midst of all the discussion, someone appeared at the bottom of
the mountain. He wore a green robe, looked to be about thirty years

old, and wore an incredibly arrogant expression.
It was Lu Hong, slowly approaching, his hands clasped behind his
back.
As soon as he appeared, Meng Hao’s eyes opened, and they shone
brilliantly. Everyone watched as he stood up and slapped his bag of
holding. A small white sword appeared. The sword aura glistened,
pressing down with a cold pressure. Meng Hao charged forward, and
the sword aura made a beeline for Lu Hong.
As soon as this happened, a buzz of conversation rose. Everyone
was amazed at Meng Hao’s lack of fear... Was he really going to
cause trouble for the number one low-level disciple Lu Hong?
“He... he’s going to battle Lu Hong!”
“They were going to fight sooner or later. Meng Hao injured Cao Yang
and Lu Hong wrecked his business. This battle was unavoidable. I
just never imagined Meng Hao would dare to attack like this. I think
he doesn’t know his own limitations.”
“Elder Brother Lu has been at the third level for years. Meng Hao will
definitely lose.”
Even as Meng Hao dashed forward, Lu Hong’s eyes glittered. He’d
already planned to take Meng Hao’s head if he saw him today. And
now, his opponent had dared to take the initiative.
It was actually helpful. He snorted, and his body seemed to turn into a
rainbow as he sped toward Meng Hao. His right hand slapped his bag
of holding and a purple-colored flying sword appeared.
When the flying sword appeared, it was accompanied by a piercing
whistle, and it radiated a golden purple color with a diameter of
approximately 30 meters.
“It’s Elder Brother Lu’s Purple Yang sword!”

“It is! I heard he was awarded the Purple Yang sword by the Sect for
some special service he did. It’s mystically sharp.”
Two people, one mountain. At the foot of the mountain, they charged
each other.
SOOYOuNA | 92
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Amidst a reverberating roar, Lu Hong’s expression changed and
blood spurted from his mouth.
He flew back several paces, staring at Meng Hao in shock.
“Fourth level of Qi Condensation!”
Meng Hao looked a bit embarrassed. He had just entered the fourth
level of Qi Condensation, and his grasp of it was not firm. He could
not release its full power.
He had made a simple attack, filled with ferocity. But cracks were
already visible on his flying sword. His opponent’s weapon was
magically sharp, and had damaged his own weapon.
Even though Meng Hao didn’t have much experience in fighting, in
his half year or so hunting for wild beasts in the mountains, his
reaction speed had grown. Furthermore, during his days on the
plateau, he had observed many battles. Even as Lu Hong retreated
backward, he moved forward, slapping his bag of holding. Another
flying sword appeared next to the cracked sword. The two sword
auras merged together and shot toward Lu Hong.
As he sped forward, Meng Hao’s fingers flickered and tongues of
flame congealed all around him. Three paces away, a Flame Serpent
appeared, as thick as his arm, about half a meter long.
It twisted in the air, then emitted a roar and shot toward Lu Hong.

Looking shocked, Lu Hong spit blood from his mouth and moved
backwards anxiously. His eyes flashed with anger. He knew that
because he had some magical items, and Meng Hao had just entered
the fourth level, the outcome of this battle was not certain. But if he
could exterminate Meng Hao, it would build his prestige.
Murderous intent flickered in his eyes. His fingers danced, whereupon
a globe of glistening, radiant water appeared in his hands. He threw it
out, whereupon it exploded, transforming into countless Water
Arrows, which then shot toward the Flame Serpent.
His fingers moved again, and the Purple Yang sword slammed into
Meng Hao’s two flying swords. A booming sound rang out like iron
being crushed. Meng Hao’s two flying swords crumbled into pieces,
whereupon the Purple Yang sword followed the Water Arrows toward
the Flame Serpent.
With an echoing roar, the Flame Serpent disappeared into a cloud of
dust. The Water Arrows became a mist and the Purple Yang sword
returned to Lu Hong. Its golden-purple aura did not shine quite as
brightly, and a crack had appeared on its blade, but it was still as
sharp as ever.
“With a fourth level Qi Condensation like that, and no good weapon,
killing you isn’t going to be hard. How many times can you use your
Flame Serpent art like that, considering you aren’t SOOYOuNA | 93
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
at the fifth level?” In his heart, Lu Hong was worried about his flying
sword, but outside, he put on a broad smile. He didn’t take a single
step back.
“Your sword might be incredibly sharp, but let’s see how many times
you can use it. Speaking of flying swords... I have some more, too.
And as for the fifth level of Qi Condensation, with all the medicinal
pills Elder Sister Xu gives me, it won’t be long before I break

through.” He showed no expression on his face, but inside Meng Hao
was very nervous. This was his first real battle, after all. He slapped
his bag of holding, and three more flying swords appeared.
They shot toward Lu Hong.
Lu Hong looked worried for a moment, but he didn’t hesitate for long.
He roared, and then Meng Hao’s three flying swords met his Purple
Yang sword.
Bang bang bang! The three swords shattered. And yet, the Purple
Yang sword’s aura had diminished by at least half. More cracks had
appeared on its surface, and Lu Hong looked incredibly worried.
Before he could do anything, though, Meng Hao nonchalantly
slapped his bag of holding one more time, and three more whizzing
flying swords appeared. He waved his arm, and another Flame
Serpent congealed into being. The onlookers were all shocked.
“Meng Hao... He... He’s put Elder Brother Lu in a really tight spot.
He’s actually at the fourth level of Qi Condensation!”
“He didn’t enter the Sect very long ago, and he’s already at the fourth
level of Qi Condensation.
He’s definitely at the fourth level, look at how he’s dealing with Elder
Brother Lu. But, how did his Cultivation training go so quickly? What
did Elder Sister Xu give him to help him so much?
Dammit, if I had someone like that to rely on, then maybe I would be
able to progress so quickly in my Cultivation.” The crowd buzzed,
their faces filling with powerful jealousy.
Lu Hong’s face changed again, and he retreated, grinding his teeth.
His fingers flickered again, and another Water Globe appeared. He’d
never imagined that his opponent would have so many magical items.

A boom resounded as Meng Hao’s three flying swords broke to
pieces, along with the Flame Serpent. The Purple Yang sword’s aura
had now grown dark. But what shocked Lu Hong the most was Meng
Hao’s expressionless face as he suddenly produced three more flying
swords.
Another explosion rang out as the three swords broke apart. But then,
the Purple Yang sword let out a plaintive cry, then crumbled to pieces.
Lu Hong’s eyes went wide, and he staggered backward, spitting out
gobs of blood. He glared at Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 94
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao showed no emotion whatsoever, but inside he was
extremely nervous. Every single flying sword was equal to a Spirit
Stone. He waved his right hand, and yet another Flame Serpent
appeared, roaring and twisting through the air around him. It flew
toward Lu Hong.
Meng Hao shot toward the retreating Lu Hong like a rainbow,
accompanied by the Flame Serpent. Yet another flying sword
appeared, and in an instant, it was a meter away from Lu Hong, its
sword aura glittering with death.
“You forced me to do it!” shouted Lu Hong, his hair in disarray, his
clothes spattered with blood. From the day he had entered the sect
until now, he had never been in such a bad situation. His eyes
burned. With a growl, he tore open his robe, revealing a jadeite bottle
gourd hanging from his neck. He poured into it all of the spiritual
energy he could muster.
The jadeite bottle gourd began to glow brightly, and a droning sound
filled the air. In the air in front of Lu Hong, the image of a massive

bottle gourd appeared, many times larger than the one hanging from
his neck. It was about half the size of a person.
Actually, Lu Hong’s Cultivation base was not strong enough to fully
activate the bottle ground.
The flickering image seemed as if it could dissipate at any moment.
Before it could finish coalescing, Lu Hong spit out a mouthful of blood
and retreated backwards again, his face deathly pale. And yet he still
glared at Meng Hao with frenzied, murderous anger.
Even though the bottle gourd was not complete, the pressurized
spiritual energy inside caused Meng Hao’s expression to suddenly
change. Then, the illusory bottle gourd emitted a thunderous roar and
a thick, green beam shot from its mouth, slamming through the Flame
Serpent and inundating Meng Hao.
“This is a magical item given to me by Elder Brother Wang Tengfei. It
can be used when one reaches the fourth level of Qi Condensation.
But you’re just looking to die, Meng Hao, so you’ve forced me to use
it early, and I’ve had to pay the price. You’re definitely dead this time.”
Lu Hong started to let out a wild laugh, and yet the laugh could not
leave his mouth; he felt as shocked as if he had been struck by
lightning. He stared in astonishment.
The green beam slammed into Meng Hao, pushing him back about
ten meters. However, it was blocked by a pink shield which
surrounded Meng Hao’s body. When the green beam dissipated, so
did the pink shield. It shrank into a pink jade pendant which Meng
Hao held in his hand.
Cracks covered its surface.
He gripped the jade pendant, cold sweat dripping down his back, fear
lingering in his heart. If he hadn’t taken out the jade pendant Elder
Sister Xu had given him, he would have been destroyed by the
fearsome power of the bottle gourd.

SOOYOuNA | 95
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“What magical item is that!?” Meng Hao looked at the jadeite gourd
bottle hanging from Lu Hong’s neck, who was clearly severely
injured. He leaped forward and snatched the gourd bottle,
immediately putting it into his bag of holding.
“That was given to me by Elder Brother Wang Tengfei! If you dare to
steal it, you will have to deal with his wrath!” Lu Hong’s countenance
sank, and he began to tremble. He was filled with astonishment,
never having imagined that the bottle gourd would be ineffective
against this opponent.
“The Sect rules state that if you take something into your hand, it is
yours,” said Meng Hao. He hesitated for a moment, but then decided
that the bottle gourd was too powerful. He wouldn’t give it back.
Enmity had been created which would be difficult to abate. Hatred in
his heart, he stared coldly at Lu Hong.
“This isn’t the Public Zone,” said Lu Hong, his eyes filled with despair
and fear. Raising his voice so everyone could hear, he said, “If you
dare to kill me, it will be a violation of sect rules!”
“I, Meng Hao, will not violate Sect rules. However, you said yesterday
that you would cripple my Cultivation base. So today, I will do the
same to you.” Looking completely calm, he raised his hand and sent
a flying sword piercing into the Qi passages of Lu Hong’s dantian,
smashing his Cultivation base. Then he stood there amidst Lu Hong’s
miserable screams, casting fear and awe across the entire plateau.
SOOYOuNA | 96
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 16: COME!

The faces of the surrounding Cultivators grew pale. Meng Hao’s
attack was both decisive and also filled with a ferocious hatred that
he himself didn’t even notice. This sort of thing was actually
becoming a trend.
In the eyes of the onlookers, Meng Hao was now the number one
person of the plateau.
Perhaps in the entire Outer Sect, he was now one of the highest
figures.
Many of the Cultivators thought back to the past half month. With a
Cultivation base so high, Meng Hao could have robbed and taken at
will. True, the customers of his shop weren’t happy, but he did treat
them mildly. People now began to look at him with awe.
There was no fighting on the plateau that day. After Meng Hao left,
the news of Lu Hong’s Cultivation base being broken spread like the
wind. The fact that he had mentioned Wang Tengfei’s name was
especially talked about, and caused the news to spread even faster.
By nightfall, everyone in the Outer Sect had heard about what
happened, and by this point everyone knew who Meng Hao was.
The East Mountain, covered with wisps of colorful clouds, was the
Reliance Sect’s tallest mountain and also the Inner Sect’s base of
activity. It had more spiritual energy than the other mountains, and
was where Sect Leader He Luohua went for meditative seclusion.
Back in the heyday of the Reliance Sect, the four peaks had been
fully occupied by the Inner Sect. Disciples of the seventh level of Qi
Condensation had abounded. Now, only the East Mountain was
occupied, by disciples Xu and Chen, whereas the other peaks were
abandoned.
On the East Mountain there was an Immortal’s Cave which was much
larger than Meng Hao’s.

It was actually the finest Immortal’s Cave in the entire Outer Reliance
Sect, rivaling even the dwelling-places of the Inner Sect disciples.
Inside was a Spirit Spring that was anything but dried up. It gurgled
out dense, fragrant spiritual energy.
Of course, among all the disciples of the Reliance Outer Sect, the
only one qualified to occupy such a place was the blessed Wang
Tengfei.
He sat cross-legged in his white robe, his face placid, looking at Lu
Hong kneeling in front of him. Lu Hong’s face was pale-white, and his
body trembled. His Cultivation base had already been destroyed by
Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 97
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“...I beg Elder Brother Wang to administer justice,” he said with bated
breath. “He’s beyond cunning, more than you could imagine. He’s
going to flee the Sect.” Every time Lu Hong saw Elder Brother Wang,
he could not help but feel that the other man was perfect, beyond
ordinary. That feeling had grown stronger and stronger over the past
two years in which Wang Tengfei’s Cultivation base grew more and
more powerful.
“If he flees,” said Elder Brother Wang after a while, resplendent in his
perfection, “it will be a violation of Sect rules, and I will send some
people to kill him.” He wore an amiable smile which would cause
anyone to like him, and spoke with a lightness that caused him to
seem even nobler.
Lu Hong had nothing more to say. He kowtowed, his face filled with
entreaty, his body trembling uncontrollably.

“Very well,” said Wang Tengfei. “His methods are too vicious. An
example should be made. I shall prevail upon Elder Brother
Shangguan and make a trip over there, although I will be careful not
to offend Elder Sister Xu. Meng Hao shall cripple his own Cultivation
base, distribute his treasures and sever an arm and a leg. That shall
be his apology. Good enough?”
He spoke as if he held sway over every single matter within the
Reliance Sect, as if with a single word, he could take command over
Meng Hao’s Cultivation base as well as his arms and legs.
His smile was as amiable as ever, perfect and without flaw.
“My profound thanks. This fellow... he’s just filled with viciousness...”
Lu Hong ground his teeth, his heart filled with enmity.
“Then I shall expel him from the Sect,” said Wang Tengfei coolly, as if
he were talking about an incredibly insignificant matter. “He can go off
into the wilds, and things will take their natural course.”
At that same moment, Meng Hao sat cross-legged in the Immortal’s
Cave in the South Mountain, looking at the jadeite bottle gourd in his
hands with a dark expression. Having broken through the fourth level
of Qi Condensation, then fighting that battle, he had consumed
almost all of his spiritual energy. There was nearly none left. At least
he had obtained the magical gourd.
It seemed as though everything had gone smoothly since his
entrance into the Reliance Sect, but actually, it was mostly because
of his quick wit and foresight. If it had been anyone other than him, he
would most likely have put his life in danger on his first Pill
Distribution Day.
Later, he acquired the protection of the copper mirror and its
mysterious power. Shortly after that, Elder Brother Zhao began to lust
after his Immortal’s Cave. If he hadn’t died, Meng Hao’s situation

would have been bleak, and he would have lost control of all of his
belongings. That was the first time he had killed someone.
SOOYOuNA | 98
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
If he hadn’t started doing business with his shop, he wouldn’t have
been able to arrive where he was now. But the wind that seemed to
propel him from behind also held concealed within it hardships that
he was unaware of.
Everything that had happened was like the thunder of an approaching
storm. Meng Hao looked down quietly at the jadeite bottle gourd,
thinking about the number one disciple in the Outer Sect, blessed
Wang Tengfei. Thinking of him in all his perfection, Meng Hao felt as if
the pressure of an entire mountain had come to rest on him. He
almost couldn’t breathe.
He wanted to flee, but he knew that he was no servant, but a sect
disciple. Fleeing was a violation of Sect rules. That would arouse the
notice of the sect elders, and he would surely lose his life.
“If I’d known earlier that Lu Hong had Wang Tengfei backing him...”
muttered Meng Hao.
Moments later, unswerving determination filled his eyes.
“I would do the same thing. If I didn’t attack him, he would have killed
me. I didn’t force him, he forced me. The grudge would have built
either way. Unless I had run into Cao Yang earlier and been willing to
let him rob me, things would have ended up this way. Even if it came
down to killing, I couldn’t prevent people from coveting my business.”
His eyes flashed as he looked gloomily around the Immortal’s Cave.
“It’s too bad Elder Sister Xu is meditating in seclusion...” The first
thing he had done after crippling Lu Hong’s Cultivation base was to

go looking for her. But he had been informed at the Inner Sect that
parties in seclusion were not to be disturbed.
“This jadeite bottle gourd...” It was incredibly powerful, so much so
that when he tested it out with his Cultivation base, it exploded out
with a might that sent his heart thumping. He could only imagine how
it could help him. Maybe now he would finally be able to break
through to the fifth level of Qi Condensation. The strange thing was
that the gourd bottle could not be placed in his bag of holding, but
rather had to be hung on his body. Sadly, he had no more Spirit
Stones. He had used all of them to break through the third level of Qi
Condensation. Otherwise he would try to make a copy of the gourd
bottle.
“This sect is not of the mortal world. It’s easy to lose one’s life here. If
I can prevent disaster by handing over the gourd bottle, maybe I
should just do it...” He did not wish to do so, but it seemed he had no
other choice. Even as he wrestled with these thoughts, a sinister
voice drifted in from the dark night, past the sealed door of the
Immortal’s Cave.
“I am Shangguan Song [1], here to assist Elder Brother Wang in
meting out justice. Meng Hao, please come out of the Immortal’s cave
and kowtow to me.”
SOOYOuNA | 99
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The dark voice seemed to fill the cave with icy cold shadow. Meng
Hao’s eyes glittered, and he lifted his head. He didn’t look the least bit
surprised; he had anticipated that someone would come looking for
him.
Meng Hao was silent for a moment, then slowly said, “It’s late at
night, not a convenient time.

Elder Brother, if you have something to say, just say it.”
“How haughty,” said the voice, clearly displeased. A cold snort rang
out.
Meng Hao said nothing, maintaining his silence.
“If you won’t open the door, very well. I shall convey Elder Brother
Wang’s instructions. Meng Hao, disciple of the Inner Sect, has not
focused whole-heartedly on cultivation. He has caused disturbances
in the Low-Level Public Zone, arousing mass complaints from fellow
disciples, and has used vicious methods on others. However, he is
young, so these offenses cannot be considered worthy of the death
penalty. Hand over your treasures, cripple your Cultivation base and
leave the Sect. Henceforth, you are not a disciple of the Reliance
Sect.” As Meng Hao listened to the sinister voice, his face grew
somber. Then, when he heard the final words, it filled with indignation.
“Elder Brother Wang’s decrees are not according to Sect rules,” said
Meng Hao defiantly.
“Elder Brother Wang’s word are the Sect rules,” said the person
outside, indifferent to Meng Hao’s interruption. “The following day is
Pill Distribution Day. You will kowtow to Lu Hong and apologize, then
await your punishment.” With that, the man flicked his sleeve, turned
and left.
Meng Hao sat in silent contemplation. Time passed, and dawn
approached. His eyes were bloodshot. He could not figure out what to
do. His opponent obviously wanted the jadeite bottle gourd, and to
see him dead. Out of supposed to mercy, he would cripple his
Cultivation base, sever an arm and a leg, and then expel him from the
sect into the wild mountains. If that happened, he would truly be
hopeless.
“What should I do...” he said, fists clenched, eyes red. He suddenly
felt completely weak and helpless. This was the first time he truly

wished he were more powerful. If he were more powerful, he wouldn’t
be bullied like this. He thought some more.
“Don’t tell me my only option is to flee...” His eyes filling with
determination, he lifted up his head and walked out of the Immortal’s
cave. But even as he walked out, he stopped in his tracks, hesitating.
SOOYOuNA | 100
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“No, this isn’t right...” He lowered his head for a moment in thought,
then turned back into the Immortal’s Cave, where he sat down crosslegged.
The following morning, Meng Hao opened his bloodshot eyes. He
had not practiced any breathing exercises, but had spent the whole
night in contemplation. But his Cultivation base was simply too low.
He couldn’t think of any method other than fleeing the Reliance Sect.
But surely his opponent had considered that he would do that.
Fleeing was the same as death, and then he would be remembered
as a traitor.
Bells rang out in the distance. Pill Distribution Day had arrived. Meng
Hao knew that even if he tried to hide away in the Immortal’s Cave,
catastrophe would still befall him.
“The law of the jungle. All of my problems are because my Cultivation
base is too low. A true man doesn’t just take the suffering, he does
something about it.” He gave a small sigh. He had been pushed to
the brink, and had no room to maneuver. He calmed himself, then
straightened out his clothing. He looked around the Immortal’s cave,
then opened the main door and stared out at the blue sky and the
emerald sea of trees.
Some time passed, and then he stepped forward. He had only taken
a few steps when he noticed a person walk out from the jungle

behind him, staring at him coldly.
“You didn’t flee. So you aren’t stupid after all.” Meng Hao recognized
the person’s voice: it was Shangguan Song. It turned out he had
stayed behind.
Meng Hao had seen him before. He was one of the disciples walking
with Wang Tengfei that day by the East Mountain. His grandfather
was one of the sect elders. He clearly had stayed behind to see if
Meng Hao would flee. If he had, he would have been branded a
traitor, and would have forfeited his life.
Meng Hao turned and headed toward the Outer Sect.
Shangguan Song laughed coldly, his eyes filled with ridicule. Actually,
he had left the previous night, to go call on his grandfather
Shangguan Xiu. Even had Meng Hao chosen to flee in the night, he
would have been entrapped, and suffered a horrible death.
Shangguan Song followed Meng Hao the entire way. When they
arrived at the Outer Sect, other disciples caught sight, one by one,
and many different expressions filled their faces.
Regardless, it appeared as if all had expected this, and none seemed
to take pity on Meng Hao.
Most actually jeered at him.
SOOYOuNA | 101
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Soon, he arrived at the Outer Sect’s square. The dragon-carved
pillars glowed brightly, and disciples were everywhere. Off in the
distance, he saw white-robed Wang Tengfei, surrounded by a crowd
of disciples.

The sun shone down on his white robe, making it shine like snow,
and his long hair trailed past his shoulders. He looked perfect,
flawless, like an Immortal being from a painting. His bearing made
people want to get to know him. He really looked like a Chosen.
He chatted amiably with the disciples around him, friendly with
everyone, regardless of their Cultivation base. He would nod, giving
tips about Cultivation, causing everyone to treat him with utmost
respect.
The female disciples all seemed to be infatuated with him. They
looked as if they needed to be at his side, as if his each and every
action could drive them crazy.
Even the sect elders on the tall platform gazed down on him fondly
and with admiration.
Wherever Wang Tengfei went, he became the center of attention. His
good looks, his gentleness, his perfection, melded together into a
dazzling glow which burned Meng Hao’s eyes. He clenched his fists
tightly.
As all the disciples arrived, and as the Pill Distribution concluded,
gentle and cordial Wang Tengfei didn’t even look once at Meng Hao.
He knew Meng Hao was watching him, but it meant no more to him
than if a cricket were looking at him. He wouldn’t stoop so low as to
return his gaze.
When everything concluded, and the dragon-carved pillars grew dark,
Wang Tengfei’s gentle voice filled the air.
“Come here!”
It was a simple sentence, but the instant it rang out, everyone looked
at Wang Tengfei, watching as his gaze fell onto Meng Hao.

1. Shangguan Song’s name in Chinese is 上官宋 (shàng guān sòng)
– Shangguan is a relatively obscure family name. Song is basically
just a name, with no special meaning SOOYOuNA | 102
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 17: I SHALL RELY ON MYSELF
Meng Hao stood there stiffly, staring at Wang Tengfei. He could
suddenly feel the gaze of all the disciples who stood in the square.
The Cultivators standing next to him moved away, creating an open
area around Meng Hao.
A feeling of aloneness filled his heart, as if the world itself were about
to forsake him. It was as if Wang Tengfei’s single utterance had
pushed him over the edge of existence.
No one spoke a word. The Outer Sect disciples just looked at Meng
Hao. Wang Tengfei was too famous. His words reverberated in
everyone’s hearts.
No one was surprised at what was happening; news of yesterday’s
events had spread, and many people had already guessed what
would happen this day.
The sect elders remained unmoving upon the high platform, gazing
down at Meng Hao.
“Sect rules state that what you take belongs to you,” said Meng Hao,
forcing the words out one word at a time. He knew that compared to
Wang Tengfei, his voice was laughably weak and small, and that he
might be attacked. But, he still spoke up.
He knew that if he took out the jadeite gourd bottle, handed it over to
Wang Tengfei, and made some tearful entreaties, then Wang Tengfei
couldn’t reject his apology. Not in front of all these people. He might

exact some punishments, but would leave Meng Hao with his
Cultivation base.
Maybe if he begged and kowtowed, admitted that he was in the
wrong, accepted the humiliation and even insult himself, then he
would be completely out of danger.
But Meng Hao would never do such a thing! Call him stupid and
crazy, but he would never do it!
Even though he knew he was facing a dire calamity, he would never
beg. He would never humiliate himself, would never crawl on the
ground and plead. Never!
This was his spirit, his integrity. Some things in the world are more
important than life or death, and that noble, unbendable, unbreakable
spirit is dignity!
SOOYOuNA | 103
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
That was why he had spoken first, one word at a time. Even though
his opponent was the mountain-like Wang Tengfei. Even though he
faced dire calamity. Even though the whole world was against him.
Even though he was alone, with no one to rely on. Despite all this...
he still had his dignity. He lifted his head up and spoke.
This, was Meng Hao!
His words seemed to galvanize all the energy in his body. Death?
What is death? So what if I haven’t even lived to see 17! You can
humiliate me, you can cripple my Cultivation. But you can never make
me yield! You can never break my spirit!
His voice had rung out in the silence, clear and distinct, yet filled with
a certain loneliness. As he spoke, his bitterness was plain, but
perhaps only Meng Hao himself could understand it. His hands

clenched into fists. No one else could sense it, but along with Wang
Tengfei’s words had come an invisible attack that attempted to force
Meng Hao to collapse.
His body seemed as if it were about to disintegrate, his bones about
to shatter. He felt a massive pressure trying to force him to kneel. His
body shook, but he gritted his teeth and stood there, ignoring the pain
in his bones.
“That treasure is mine,” said Wang Tengfei with a friendly smile. “It
belongs to whomever I give it to. I didn’t give it to you, so you have no
right to take it.” His words seemed friendly, but were filled with
menace, clear for everyone to hear. Smiling, he walked forward,
raising his hand and waving a finger in Meng Hao’s direction.
Winds surged in the square, screaming around in circles, causing the
robes of the disciples to flap. Meng Hao stood still, as if the air in the
square had become death itself and held him bound. He couldn’t
move a muscle. Suddenly, a pink jade pendant flew out from within
his clothes and hovered in front of him. A pink shield appeared,
covering Meng Hao protectively.
Wang Tengfei looked as affable as ever. His movements seemed
completely casual, and as he took a second step, his finger waved a
second time.
A bang resounded as the second finger movement stopped. The
shield warped and twisted, flickering three times, then shattered in a
deafening explosion. The jade pendant in front of him, the gift given
to him by Elder Sister Xu, broke into pieces. Blood poured out of
Meng Hao’s mouth, and the pressure on him increased. He gritted his
teeth, unwavering. He stood there, trembling, unwilling to yield.
An exceedingly dark look filled his eyes, and he clenched his fists
harder. His fingernails dug deep into the flesh of his palms.
SOOYOuNA | 104

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
With his usual kind smile, Wang Tengfei took a third step forward,
landing directly in front of Meng Hao. He waved his finger a third time,
and a force like a giant invisible hand ripped open Meng Hao’s
clothing, revealing the jadeite gourd bottle hanging around his neck.
The invisible hand snatched the gourd bottle, wrenching it away from
Meng Hao and depositing it in Wang Tengfei’s palm.
Meng Hao’s face grew pale, and he coughed out a mouthful of blood.
His body trembled, yet he couldn’t move. Veins of blood appeared in
his eyes, and his hands were clenched incredibly tight. He felt the
pain of his fingernails digging deep into his flesh. Blood began to drip
out from between his fingers and drop to the ground.
“Cripple your Cultivation base. Sever an arm and a leg. Leave the
sect.” Wang Tengfei continued to smile, his warm voice reverberating
across the square. He extended a finger for the fourth time, pointing
toward Meng Hao’s chest.
Meng Hao glared back at Wang Tengfei. This entire time, he had only
spoken once, never opening his mouth to say a second sentence. He
did not scream or roar, but remained silent.
More veins of blood appeared in his eyes and he clenched his fists
even tighter. Because of the power he exerted, his fingernails
snapped, lodged in his flesh. Blood dripped like rain.
Everything grew silent as people watched, their faces filled with
derision. Their ridicule seemed to cut him away from the world,
pushing him away until he was placed outside of everything.
And yet he still would not submit! What was a bit of physical pain?
Just as Wang Tengfei’s finger was about to fall again, a sound rang
out from a distant mountain peak and a gentle power appeared next
to Meng Hao, blocking the crippling finger.

A bang rang out. Wang Tengfei flicked his wide sleeve and glanced to
the side. An old man stood there, wearing a long gray robe. He had
some mottled brown marks on his face, and though quite tall and big,
didn’t appear to be very mighty. This was the same person who had
admired Meng Hao on the two previous occasions.
“You’ve taken the treasure back,” said the old man. “Let the matter
drop.” With a frown, he looked at Meng Hao standing there silently,
blood dripping from his fists. He sighed, then looked back at Wang
Tengfei.
“Since it is Grand Elder Ouyang interceding, junior will give in.” Wang
Tengfei smiled, looking indifferent. During the entire time, he had only
spoken to Meng Hao twice. Sunlight shone down on him, illuminating
his elegant figure, his long hair, his perfect demeanor. As far as he
was concerned, Meng Hao didn’t even match up to an insect. As of
this moment, he’d already placed Meng Hao out of his mind.
SOOYOuNA | 105
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao, covered in blood, was like a bug standing up against an
elephant, who could crush him with a single step.
To Wang Tengfei, the things that had just happened were nothing. It
was not that he felt contempt toward Meng Hao. He just didn’t care
about him in the least bit. With a smile, he walked back into the
crowd, chatting indifferently, as if nothing had happened. He began to
give pointers to lower level disciples, emanating cordiality.
All the female disciples seemed obsessed with him. The other
Cultivators viewed him with utmost respect. Everyone ignored Meng
Hao, as if they had already forgotten about his existence.
Meng Hao was like the antithesis of Wang Tengfei. Covered in blood,
his clothing in shreds, he cut a truly sorry figure.

Meng Hao could sense what Wang Tengfei thought of him. It wasn’t
scorn, it was disregard. As Wang Tengfei left, Meng Hao felt a bit
more relaxed, although his body hurt so bad it seemed he might
collapse. Gritting his teeth, he saluted Grand Elder Ouyang with
cupped hands.
Without another word, Meng Hao coughed up another mouthful of
blood, clenched his jaw, and slowly walked off. His feet felt as if they
would disintegrate at any moment. He was soaked with sweat, and
every step caused heart-rending pain. Looking like a whipped dog, he
slowly disappeared into the distance.
As he walked off, Grand Elder Ouyang seemed to be about to say
something, but decided not to, and simply watched him depart.
Meng Hao returned to the Immortal’s Cave, and the instant the main
door closed, he collapsed to the ground, unconscious. Wang Tengfei
was already at the peak of the sixth level. There was no way for
Meng Hao to compare to him. By refusing to give in and kneel, he
had of course received internal injuries.
He was comatose for two full days, after which he finally opened his
eyes, his body wracked with pain. It was difficult to move, but he
lurched up into a sitting position. When he touched the ground with
his hands, they burned painfully, as if the skin had been stripped off of
them.
Gasping huskily, he sat there quietly in the middle of the Immortal’s
Cave.
After some time passed, he looked down at his hands. Ten broken
fingernails protruded from the skin of his palms. After two days of
coma, scabs had formed over the fingernails, but in his struggle to sit
up, they had broken, and now blood oozed out.
SOOYOuNA | 106

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao looked at his hands, expressionless. After a while, he
began to dig the broken fingernails out of his skin, one by one. Blood
flowed out of his mangled palms, dripping to the ground and filling the
cave with the scent of gore.
Through the entire process, Meng Hao’s facial expression did not
change. It was as if the hands didn’t belong to him. There was a
certain ruthlessness within him that was now clearly visible.
He looked down at the ten bloody fingernails. After a while, he
collected them together and placed them next to the stone bed in the
room. He planned to look at them every day as a reminder of the
humiliation he had endured.
The day would come when that humiliation would be repaid in double!
He hadn’t spoken for a long time, but now he opened his mouth: “As
for me, I shall rely on myself!” The hoarse voice almost didn’t sound
like his own.
SOOYOuNA | 107
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 18: FATTY OF THE OUTER SECT
Time flashed by. Meng Hao didn’t even take half a step outside of the
Immortal’s Cave. He didn’t want to go out and didn’t want to see
anyone. He could never forget how Wang Tengfei had turned the
whole world against him. He sat cross-legged, staring at the
fingernails, encrusted with dried blood. His previous numbed
expression changed into wrath, then somberness. Finally one day,
the main door of the Immortal’s cave creaked open, and moonlight
poured in.

Elder Sister Xu stood there in the doorway, wreathed in moonlight
which obscured her features.
Meng Hao didn’t say anything, and neither did she. Time passed.
Finally, she said, “I ended my secluded meditation just yesterday.”
Meng Hao stood, saluting her with clasped hands.
“Wang Tengfei has an important background,” she continued mildly.
“He’s not from the State of Zhao, and his Cultivation base is at the
sixth level of Qi Condensation. The Sect Elders have already
selected him to be promoted to the Inner Sect. You... you must not
provoke him.”
“Junior Brother understands,” said Meng Hao with a smile. His
expression appeared to have returned to its usual state, as if he had
abandoned any brooding about what had happened.
Although, deep in his eyes existed something which had never before
appeared in his sixteen years of life.
It was a cold light he kept buried so deeply that only he could sense
it. Others were clueless.
“However,” said Elder Sister Xu, “if he causes any more trouble for
you, all you have to do is smash this slip, and I will sense it, even if
I’m meditating in seclusion.” A moment passed, and then she waved
her hand. A purple-colored jade slip appeared next to him.
“Of the four people I brought to the mountain that day, you are the
first to be promoted to the Outer Sect. Your companion who you
worked with in the North Servant’s Quarter is being promoted today.
Tomorrow at dawn, he will arrive in the Outer Sect to register.” With
that, she turned to leave.
“Many thanks, Elder Sister. I have a question I wish to ask,” he said.
“I was hoping Elder Sister could explain. My Cultivation vase is at the

fourth level of Qi Condensation. Considering my latent talent, how
long do you think it will take to reach the seventh level?”
SOOYOuNA | 108
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“To reach the fourth level of Qi Condensation in less than a year
seems to indicate that you have had quite a bit of good fortune in
your Cultivation. You don’t need to explain the details, and I won’t
ask. Without such fortune, it might take ten years at the fastest. At a
slower rate, it could take half of a sixty-year cycle. The fourth, sixth
and eight levels are all bottlenecks, especially the sixth. Without a bit
of good fortune, it’s difficult to break through to the seventh level.”
“It’s like that for everyone?”
“For everyone.” Then she was gone. Meng Hao sat down crosslegged, a sharp look shining in his eye.
An hour later, he stood up and left the Immortal’s Cave for the first
time in days. The seasons were changing again, and it seemed
autumn would arrive within a few days. The leaves were beginning to
change color and wind drifted across the mountains and valleys.
Beneath the bright moon, Meng Hao made his way along a small
path into the wild mountains.
Everything was quiet, and the only thing that could be heard was the
gentle rustle of falling leaves as Meng Hao made his way toward the
North Mountain.
He wanted to go see Fatty. In the entire Sect, he was his only friend.
The Northern Servant’s Quarter was quiet this late at night. As he
approached, he heard the sounds of snoring filling the air, a special
kind of snore that he had grown accustomed to in his four months as
a servant.

The horse-faced young man who presided over the Northern
Servants’ Quarter sat cross-legged on the large boulder. He suddenly
opened his eyes and look at Meng Hao, surprised for a moment.
Then he rose to his feet and saluted Meng Hao with clasped hands.
“Greetings, Elder Brother Meng.” Rumors about Meng Hao had
abounded recently, and of course the horse-faced young man had
heard them.
“No need for the formality, Elder Brother,” said Meng Hao. “I’m here to
see an old friend.”
Taking a look at the young man’s Cultivation base, Meng Hao could
see that it was the third level of Qi Condensation. It appeared as if it
had been stuck there for several years.
Elder Brother Horse-Face nodded. After Meng Hao stepped foot into
the Servants’ Quarter, he sat back down cross-legged, a strange
expression on his face. With a silent sigh, he closed his eyes again.
SOOYOuNA | 109
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao walked into the courtyard and found the East Seventh
House. As he approached, the sounds of Fatty’s snores filled the air.
As soon as he entered, a strange expression filled his face, and the
antsy feeling that had filled his heart recently began to dissipate.
Fatty lay there on his back, snoring away. The other bed in the room
had been pushed away from the wall, forming a small gap.
There in the gap, sound asleep, was the big man who called himself
Grandpa Tiger. Even though he was asleep, his face seemed
contorted in fear, as if he had encountered something terrifying in his
dreams.

His wooden bed was covered with a multitude of bite marks. In some
places, it was chewed all the way through, so much so that it seemed
it might fall apart. The wooden table was long gone, and Meng Hao
imagined that it must have been completely eaten up. Even the walls
had bite marks on them. In sharp contrast, Fatty’s bed remained biteless.
The big man in the corner shivered, then let out a miserable cry. He
was obviously in the throes of a nightmare. Given his emaciated
appearance, and the dark circles under his eyes, it seemed he hadn’t
been sleeping well lately. Meng Hao could only imagine the wretched
circumstances that had tormented him into this state.
It seemed his cry had awakened Fatty, who sat up looking annoyed,
then saw Meng Hao. He suddenly grew excited.
“Wild chicken! Did you bring any wild chicken?”
Meng Hao looked at him, unable to hold back his smile.
He was as round as ever, apparently having not lost even a bit of
weight. In fact, he looked a bit fatter. His teeth had also grown longer,
by about half. When he talked, they glittered brightly.
“I heard you reached the first level of Qi Condensation,” he said with
a smile, “so I came to see you. I was in such a hurry that I didn’t have
time to grab a chicken.” He sat down on the bed next to Fatty,
examining his teeth.
Fatty, proud of his Cultivation base, began to talk. Meng Hao didn’t
say much, instead listening to Fatty’s garrulous chatter. Soon, the
moon began to fall and the sun began to rise. The wounds in Meng
Hao’s heart also began to dissipate, leaving behind only scars. The
fingernails in the Immortal’s Cave and the cold look in his eyes fused
together within Meng Hao to create a more mature look.
SOOYOuNA | 110

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
At dawn, Meng Hao left with Fatty. Grandpa Tiger watched them go,
tears streaming down his face. His tears moved Fatty, and before
they could leave the courtyard, he ran back, gave him a hug, and
then said something. Whatever he said caused the big man’s face to
grow pale and his body to tremble.
“What did you say to him?” asked Meng Hao, when they were just
about to reach the Outer Sect.
“He’s a good person. After you left the Servants’ Quarter, he became
my friend. He was so upset at me leaving, I just couldn’t take it.” A
pained expression appeared on his face. “I told him that I would
definitely come back often to visit. He looks tough,” continued Fatty
emotionally. “But he’s actually a bit of a coward. He always has
nightmares when he sleeps. Poor guy.”
Meng Hao didn’t say anything, nor did he ask anything else about the
man. As the two of them walked through the Outer Sect, people
looked at Meng Hao, their expressions strange, as if measuring him
up.
“Eh? Seems you really roiled things up in the Outer Sect, Meng Hao,”
said Fatty excitedly.
“Everyone’s looking at you.” In his mind, he figured that few people
would be willing to bully him since he had Meng Hao at his back.
Meng Hao smiled but didn’t explain. When they were almost to the
Treasure Pavilion, Meng Hao stopped walking. He watched Fatty
approach the building.
In the amount of time it took for half an incense stick to burn, Fatty
returned excitedly. In his hand he carried a short sword, covered with
a layer of fish-like scales. It wasn’t the least bit sharp, but instead
rough.

“See the treasure I got, Meng Hao? It’s truly a great treasure.” He
waved the sword in the air, and Meng Hao was just about to ask what
it could possibly be used for when Fatty opened his mouth and
started filing at his teeth with it. A scraping sound could be heard, and
Meng Hao wasn’t sure whether he should laugh or cry.
“It’s great!” said Fatty, sounding more and more excited. “My teeth
keep getting longer, and I’m constantly looking for things to file them
down. But whatever I find always breaks within a few days. I can use
this treasure to file them down forever!”
Meng Hao showed Fatty around the Outer Sect. He even offered to
let him stay with him in the Immortal’s Cave, but Fatty refused. He
had been living with a roommate for too long, and had been looking
forward to having his own place in the Outer Sect. No matter what
Meng Hao said, he refused. When they arrived at his house, he
looked completely content.
SOOYOuNA | 111
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao didn’t push him. When the night was deep, he returned to
the Immortal’s Cave and sat down cross-legged.
Time flew, and soon three months had passed. Two months before,
Meng Hao had re-opened his stall by the Low-Level Public Zone.
Perhaps because of what had happened with Wang Tengfei, no one
caused any problems for him, and soon, his business picked up
again.
Soon, he added magic items to his offerings, and business grew even
more. But now, there was more than one person in the company. At
his side was a fat teenager who constantly filed his teeth with a flying
sword. He had a good sense for business, and constantly hawked
wares in the Public Zone. Soon, he was the main force in the

business. With the cooperation of Meng Hao, who could not enter
himself, they made quite a tidy profit.
One day, when winter had fallen and snowflakes filled the air, Meng
Hao sat cross-legged at the edge of the plateau, meditating.
Suddenly, Fatty let out a yelp and grabbed a person, dragging him
toward Meng Hao.
“Meng Hao, Meng Hao, look who it is!”
SOOYOuNA | 112
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 19: THE WIND STIRS AGAIN
Meng Hao opened his eyes and saw Fatty excitedly dragging over a
young man. Short, sallow and emaciated, he made quite the contrast
to pale, plump Fatty.
Meng Hao recognized him. He was one of the members of the group
who had been brought to the Reliance Sect that day and taken along
with Wang Youcai to a Servants’ Quarters on a different Mountain.
At that time, he had looked strong and good-natured, but now he
seemed gloomy and in poor circumstances. However, there was a
certain hardness in his eyes that spoke of some unforgettable
experiences in the Outer Reliance Sect.
Furthermore, he dared to enter the Public zone at only the first level
of Qi Condensation.
“Greetings, Elder Brother Meng,” said the young man, looking a bit
excited. But then it disappeared and he made an extremely respectful
salute to Meng Hao with hands clasped.
“Did you just enter the Sect?” Meng Hao asked him, thinking back
with a sigh to his own first days.

“It’s been about a month,” he said, lowering his head.
“What about Wang Youcai?”
“He died,” said the young man, a numb expression on his face. After
the words left his mouth, a look of grief appeared in his eyes.
“Wang Youcai died?” said Fatty in shock. Meng Hao maintained his
silence.
“In the Servants’ Quarter, we were responsible for drawing water,” he
explained. “Big Bro Youcai thought I was too young, so he helped me
a lot. Once on a mountain road, a powerful gust of wind hit us and
knocked him off a cliff. I looked for his body for two months, but could
only find some broken bones... he must have been eaten by wild
animals.”
A look of sorrow appeared on Fatty’s face and Meng Hao let out a
sigh. The four of them arrived at the same time, but in less than a
year, one was already dead. Meng Hao felt bad, and even worse
when he remembered that Uncle Wang the carpenter only had one
son.
SOOYOuNA | 113
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Little Tiger, you stick with us. With Meng Hao around, no one will
dare bully you.” Fatty clapped the young man emotionally on the
shoulder.
“No, that’s okay, I’m... I’m fine.” The young man seemed to hesitate,
and Meng Hao could tell that he was thinking about something. In the
end, he shook his head and refused Fatty’s offer.
He saluted them with clasped hands, then made his way away from
the plateau.

“What’s the deal with him?” asked Fatty, still in shock.
“Everyone has secrets,” said Meng Hao slowly. “Perhaps he made
some lucky break that he doesn’t want to talk about. Otherwise, why
would he come here at only the first level of Qi Condensation?” Meng
Hao seemed to be lost in thought as he watched the young man
disappear into the distance.
“Even if Little Tiger has some secret, we could still find it out on our
own if we wanted to. He’s looking down on us.” Fatty brooded. He
had an open and straightforward personality, and didn’t think in
scheming ways. To offer someone something in good faith and be
turned down this way obviously raised his indignation.
In the lower regions of the Nanshan continent, winter was short and
passed almost in an instant. The warmth of Spring arrived, and the
flowers bloomed. It was once again April. A year had passed since
Meng Hao had arrived at the Reliance Sect.
With Fatty’s help, he had accumulated quite a bit of Spirit Stones
from the Low-Level Public Zone, and even more medicinal pills and
magical items. He would often go into the wild mountains to hunt for
demonic beasts. He even roamed close to the black mountain in his
search, but always came up empty-handed. The roars which
emanated from the black mountain region grew more and more
intense, so Meng Hao didn’t dare to enter.
He had one third-level Demonic Core which he duplicated multiple
times with the copper mirror. Eventually, his Cultivation base reached
the middle of the fourth level. But then, his progress virtually ceased.
No matter how many medicinal pills he consumed, the only thing it
did was make his spiritual energy a bit more pure.
He had reached a bottle neck and could not break through to the fifth
level and his much desired Wind Walking technique.

With Meng Hao’s help, Fatty reached the second level of Qi
Condensation, which left him feeling quite awe-inspiring.
SOOYOuNA | 114
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
That April, all Outer Sect disciples higher than the fifth level, as well
as Elder Sister Xu and Elder Brother Chen, were dispatched out of
the sect. They each returned with two or three youths who possessed
latent talent, who then became servants.
Once per year. That was the Sect rule. This was the only way to
ensure the continuation of the Sect’s existence.
The spring wind blew across the land, taking the cold along with it.
Heat returned. Soon, autumn arrived, and then it was October. During
this period of time, two important things happened in the Reliance
Sect. The first was related to one of the Sect’s Grand Elders. Other
than the Sect leader, who everyone said had already reached the
Core Formation stage, there were two other Grand Elders who had
reached Foundation Establishment. One of them, who had reached
the end of his longevity, passed away while meditating, at around
one-hundred and fifty years of age. When Meng Hao caught wind of
this, he asked around and confirmed that it had not been Grand Elder
Ouyang.
When Cultivators reach Foundation Establishment, it expands their
longevity to one hundred and fifty years. That seems like a long time,
but it is actually a very intense period. If the Cultivator cannot reach
Core Formation, then in later years, they can only sit in meditation,
shrivelling up, their Qi and blood slowly dissipating.
However, after reaching Core Formation, longevity is then doubled to
three hundred years.

Because of the Grand Elder’s death in meditation, the Reliance Sect
was put in a bad position.
It was already in a weak standing in the State of Zhao, and was now
in even more danger.
Suddenly, Cultivators from other Sects began to appear near the
Reliance Sect’s borders.
They seemed to be searching for something, so the Reliance Sect set
up defensive spells around the mountain. Everything within several
thousand meters fell under their protection.
Figurative storm clouds appeared, dark and thick, pressing down on
the entire Sect.
Most disciples in the Outer Sect had their guesses. Some of them
were more informed than others, and received bits and pieces of
information. News spread, and soon, a rumor developed that the
Cultivation world of the State of Zhao was stirring because of
Patriarch Reliance, who had been missing for four hundred years.
As for the details, none of the Outer Sect disciples were sure.
During this time, Meng Hao’s Cultivation base continued to be stuck
in the middle of the fourth level. Nothing he did seemed to have any
effect, and finally he grew to accept that he was stuck in a bottleneck.
SOOYOuNA | 115
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He sat cross-legged in the Immortal’s cave, frowning. “Elder Sister Xu
told me that breaking through from the peak of the fourth level into
the fifth level would involve a bottleneck. But why did my bottleneck
come early... Is it really because I consumed too many Demonic
Cores?

“If that’s the case, I need some medicinal pills especially designed for
breaking through bottlenecks. Or perhaps I need some high level
Demonic Cores.” He had quite a collection of Spirit Stones, but
lacked the appropriate medicinal pills. He was confident that if he just
had the right medicinal pills, he could break through to the fifth level
of Qi Condensation.
The anxiety in the Reliance Sect was palpable. Many disciples
walked to and fro with troubled hearts, trying their best to hide their
feelings. Meng Hao felt the nervousness too, and of course he was
dealing with his own critical matter.
The only person who seemed happy was Fatty. He was even more
enthusiastic about their stall on the plateau than Meng Hao. Even
when Meng Hao didn’t feel like going, he would take the banner there
himself to do business.
Three days later, bells sounded out. Pill Distribution Day had come.
When Meng Hao and Fatty arrived at the square, Meng Hao caught
sight of a golden-robed old man on the platform, behind whom stood
Elder Sister Xu and Elder Brother Chen.
Seeing this, Meng Hao’s heart began to thump, and a fire burned in
his eyes.
“In the past year and a half, Master Uncle Shangguan has only
appeared three times, and each time was an Individual Pill
Distribution. My Cultivation base has been stuck in a bottleneck in the
fourth level for almost a year. If there is a high level medicinal pill...”
Other Outer Sect disciples had similar thoughts, and soon,
conversations buzzed in the air. Of course, some disciples were
thinking, “Please, don’t give it to me.”
This was especially so because after what Meng Hao did with his pill
that time, the Sect had made a new rule that prohibited gifting
Individual Distribution medicinal pills to members of the Inner Sect.

“It’s... it’s a Dry Spirit Pill!”
“It is! A Dry Spirit Pill. There was one distributed last year, and now
one more. Only one per year! That just shows how valuable it is!”
“If I can get my hands on it, I will definitely have a breakthrough in my
Cultivation base.”
SOOYOuNA | 116
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
A louder buzz of excited talked arose as the gold-robed old man lifted
the glowing, purple pill into the air.
When the pill appeared, Meng Hao’s eyes shone with a brilliant
intensity. He had never before wanted a medicinal pill so much. In his
eyes, it was not a medicinal pill, but his only hope of breaking through
to the fifth level of Qi Condensation.
He had been a member of the Sect for a while now, so he was now
familiar with the various disciples. The Inner Sect had Elder Sister Xu
and Elder Brother Chen, both of whom were at the seventh level of Qi
Condensation. Rumor had it they would break through to the next
level very soon.
Under them was Wang Tengfei, who was stuck at the peak of the
sixth level of Qi Condensation. To him, a Dry Spirit pill would be of
little use. Besides him, there was one more disciple of the sixth level,
the number two disciple Han Zong.
Meng Hao had seen him twice, and had pegged him to be wildly
arrogant, someone who considered everyone to be beneath his
notice. If he were here, he wouldn’t even cast a glance at the Dry
Spirit Pill, just to show that he had a collection of even better
medicinal pills.

As for disciples of the fifth level of Qi Condensation, there were four
in the Outer Sect and they could be considered to be virtual lords.
They were rarely seen, as they often secluded themselves in
meditation or traveled about the wild mountains in training.
There weren’t many disciples of the fourth level. Including Meng Hao,
there were seven in total. As for those under the fourth level, they
might as well be bugs.
“Very well, quiet down everyone.” Wizened Shangguan Xiu’s voice
reverberated out, as astonishingly powerful and suppressive as ever.
However, compared to last year, Meng Hao was not as powerfully
affected. Instead, his eyes shone with determination.
“In the past two years in which I have presided over Pill Distribution, I
usually prefer to select a new disciple. The reason is that if we can
continue to get new disciples, our sect will flourish.”
He smiled, and his eyes swept over the crowd. Just when it seemed
he had made his decision, his eyes fell upon Fatty, who stood next to
Meng Hao filing away at his teeth with a sword. His face looked
indifferent.
He looked as round as a ball, and anyone who for the first time
caught sight of him filing his teeth would find it hard pressed to decide
whether to laugh or cry. Shangguan Xiu stared in amazement, then
laughed.
SOOYOuNA | 117
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Never mind,” he said. “I’m going to give the pill to you.” He waved his
right hand, and a purple light flickered as the Dry Spirit Pill shot
toward Fatty. With a look of shock, he instinctively caught it, looking
as if he didn’t even know what had just happened. Then, his

expression changed and he let out a yelp. His body began to tremble
as the blood drained from his face.
He looked like he was about to cry.
“This... Me... Crap, why did it have to be me?”
SOOYOuNA | 118
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 20: ENTERING THE BLACK MOUNTAIN
In a split second, everyone in the entire square suddenly began to
stare at Fatty, making him feel as if a cold wind were creeping down
his back. His body quivered, and he looked pitifully at Meng Hao, a
weak smile on his face.
“Meng Hao, save me...” He wanted to throw the pill away, but for
some reason it wouldn’t leave his hand. He was so frightened that as
people began to surround them, his teeth chattered.
As the lights faded, he trembled violently. Then the lights were gone,
and the restrictive spell released. Before Fatty could say anything,
Meng Hao sent out a booming flash of his fourth level Cultivation
base, then grabbed Fatty by his robe and charged away.
“Give me the pill,” Meng Hao said in a low voice. “You go back to the
Immortal’s Cave and hide!” Without hesitation, Meng Hao tossed him
the cave’s jade slip. Fatty threw him the Dry Spirit Pill as if it were a
hot potato.
Meng Hao’s body flashed as he sped forward with Fatty in tow.
Behind him, howling and roaring sounds arose as ten or more people
raced in hot pursuit.
“Dammit, it’s Meng Hao. You can’t escape!”

“Hand over the Dry Spirit Pill. As a fellow disciple, I’ll show some
mercy and not kill you.
Otherwise, you’ll have a tough time escaping death!”
Meng Hao didn’t stop for even a second. After emerging from the
edge of the Outer Sect, he tossed Fatty away from him. Fatty was a
matter-of-fact kind of person, but he wasn’t stupid.
As soon as he landed on his feet, he let out a miserable shriek.
“Pill thief!” he screamed, clutching the jade slip close to him as he ran
off, trying not to look suspicious. He dashed toward the Immortal’s
Cave at top speed.
Hearing this, the pursuers ignored him and continued after Meng
Hao.
“Flee to the ends of the earth if you want, you won’t survive the next
24 hours!”
“You’re of the fourth level, and you still don’t give me the pill!?”
Among the ten or more pursuers, most were of the fourth level of Qi
Condensation, and only two were of the fifth SOOYOuNA | 119
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
level. The rest were of the third level, obviously hoping to be able to
take advantage of the situation.
Cold sword auras whistled behind Meng Hao as over ten flying
swords descended toward him like rain. But he was determined to
keep the Dry Spirit Pill, and refused to toss it away.
“I just have to endure for twenty-four hours, then the pill will be mine,”
he said, determination shining in his eyes. “Then, I will finally be able
to break through to the fifth level of Qi Condensation.” He increased
his speed. After spending so much time hunting for demonic beasts in

the wild mountains, his top speed was not inferior. And he was much
more familiar with the mountainous regions than most other fellow
disciples. Thus, upon leaving the Outer Sect, he raced towards
mountains.
Glancing behind at the approaching sword auras, Meng Hao slapped
his bag of holding to produce a medicinal pill which he immediately
swallowed. Then he sent his own flying swords shooting backwards.
Bang, bang, bang. Several trees were hit by the powerful flying
swords and exploded into pieces, which flew about everywhere.
Some smacked painfully into Meng Hao. Absorbing momentum from
the explosion, he shot away several meters.
Before he could land on the ground, four Flame Serpents and three
Water Globes shot toward him. Two of the Flame Serpents were
almost eighteen meters long and as thick as a person, and emitted an
intense heat which caused some of the nearby trees to catch fire.
Those would be the work of the fifth level disciples, who were also the
fastest of the bunch. Their feet didn’t even touch the ground as they
flew toward him like the wind. Savage looks filled their faces.
Actually, they didn’t hold the slightest bit of compassion even for each
other. As far as they were concerned, the only competition involved
were the two of them. Meng Hao didn’t count for anything.
Without hesitation, Meng Hao slapped his bag of holding again. Two
flying swords appeared and rotated around him, then came to rest
beneath his feet. Then they shot forward, carrying him nearly thirty
meters before he lost his balance and fell off. The short movement
enabled him to evade the Flame Serpents and gain some distance.
Furious howls reverberated in the air behind him.
This was a technique Meng Hao had come up with himself. It
wouldn’t work for long, only a few seconds, but at least it helped him
to gain a bit of advantage on the two fifth-level Cultivators.

“If I were of the fifth level of Qi Condensation,” Meng Hao thought to
himself, “I would have the Wind Walking technique. Then I could stay
on the flying sword for a lot longer, and I could get away more easily.
Sadly, this isn’t really flying...” Even more than ever, he desired to
reach the fifth level of Qi Condensation. Not looking back, he sped
along. Actually, the path he chose SOOYOuNA | 120
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
was not random. The instant the Dry Spirit Pill had landed in Fatty’s
hands, his mind had been racing at top speed.
He had picked the wild mountains because his destination was none
other than the black mountain inhabited by Demonic beasts. After
thinking about it for some time, he had decided that his best
advantage was the copper mirror. With the mirror, he would still have
a good chance of surviving the area even though it was dangerous,
and contained that ominous roaring beast. This was especially true if
people followed him in.
“If these guys chase me into the black mountain, then I’ll be forced to
kill them.” A harsh expression appeared on his face. He had been a
part of the Reliance Sect for over a year now and was no longer the
weak scholar he had once been. He didn’t appear to have changed
much on the outside. He was a bit taller, and his skin was as swarthy
as ever. But his heart was filled with decisiveness.
This was especially so after the matter with Wang Tengfei. He knew
that he could only rely on himself. The only true path was to become
stronger. In the world of Cultivation, the law of the jungle prevails.
One must conduct oneself with caution and decisiveness.
They pursued him relentlessly. Sword auras glittered. Before long, the
two fifth-level Cultivators had almost caught up with him, their eyes
filled with murder. Just now, Meng Hao had evaded their attack using
a single special move. Other than Wang Tengfei and Han Zong, they

were were like high lords in the Outer Sect, so they found this
particularly humiliating.
They had attacked at the same time, and yet Meng Hao had still
managed to evade, which they both found hard to accept. Now, they
wanted even more than ever to slay him. As far as his sword-riding
technique, they didn’t give it a second thought. Any Cultivator of the
fourth level could do that. But considering their Cultivation base,
doing so would be would be a waste of spiritual energy, even if it
gave some extra speed. Seeing Meng Hao use the technique, they
sneered. Using such tactics would sap his spiritual energy sooner
rather than later.
“Let’s see you escape this time!” they shouted, glancing at each
other. One of them suddenly shot forward like a huge bird. In mid-air,
he waved his hand, and two massive, roaring Flame Serpents shot
down toward Meng Hao.
The other man continued to pursue Meng Hao. The two of them
created a pincer attack, one in the air and one on the ground, ready
to seal Meng Hao’s fate in death.
“You still won’t accept death!” grinned one of them hideously, his
murderous intent filling the air.
Meng Hao’s expression didn’t change. He gave a cold snort. He’d
