Whereas the State of Zhao revered the Eastern Lands, the State of
Revelation did not. They did not pay obeisance to the Great Tang, but
rather, the mysteries of the Heavens. Therefore, all the Sects within
the State of Revelation were branches of the Revelation Sect.
In the mysterious eastern regions of the State of Revelation were
three mountain ranges which wound back and forth like twisting
dragons. One particular mountain peak had the appearance of two
dragon heads locked in combat. This was the pinnacle of the State of
Revelation. Mist curled around the peak, on top of which was a bell.
Once per year, the bell would toll, and the echoes would reverberate
out for three days.
Beneath the bell was a forest of ornate buildings. This was none
other than... the most powerful Sect in the nation, the Revelation
Sect!
Atop the main gate of the Revelation Sect sat a Cultivator who wore
black robes. He was very old, and had the demeanor of a

transcendent being. In the memories of the disciples of the
Revelation Sect, it had been a very, very long time since he had sat
down there in meditation.
No matter how the wind and rain buffeted him, no matter how many
years passed by, he sat there like a rock, eternally still.
Many disciples didn’t even know who he was. Considering how he sat
cross-legged in meditation underneath the Revelation Bell, he was
clearly an Elder of the Sect. However, whenever the powerful experts
of the Sect looked at him, their eyes would fill with intense looks of
veneration.
At the moment, the Revelation Sect was filled with the uninterrupted
sound of disciples chanting scriptures. The sound formed an invisible
force which drifted about, then slowly congealed at the top of the
mountain, where there seemed to be some type of vortex. The vortex
would slowly suck in the power of the chanting.
This was something that only Cultivators could see. The chanting of
the Revelation Sect disciples rose up and then merged into the
Revelation Bell. In fact, the bell seemed to be sucking in, not just the
chanting of the Cultivators, but the prayers of everyone in the entire
nation.
At this moment, the old man who had been sitting under the
Revelation Bell for seemingly an eternity, began to tremble, and then
coughed up a mouthful of blood. Suddenly, the bell tolled, its sound
echoing into the sky and sounding out through the entire State of
Revelation.
The disciples within the Revelation Sect were shocked. The Sect
Elders and powerful experts instantly opened their eyes from
meditation. One by one, they turned into prismatic beams which shot
toward the Revelation Bell.

When they arrived, they saw the black-robed old man sitting there,
his eyes wide open.
SOOYOuNA | 483
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Greetings, Patriarch!”
“Patriarch, are you in good health?” Dozens of Cultivators surrounded
him, bowing respectfully with clasped hands.
The black-robed old man’s eyes flashed as if with lightning. His left
pupil blazed with an intense brightness and looked like the sun,
whereas his right pupil exuded darkness and had the appearance of
a crescent moon. The two pupils were completely different. One look
at this man, and you would never be able to forget him.
When he opened his eyes, it seemed as if his forehead had split, and
another eye appeared.
However, this was an eye invisible to others. The only thing an
observer would see was a blood-red glow. Above him, storm clouds
began to gather, and a fierce wind whipped about.
“Patriarch Reliance! You destroyed my clone and refused my good
intentions. You’re... You’re finished! I’m not the only one with a few
tricks up my sleeve. What do you have to fall back on, your trifling
Spirit Severing? You truly dare to arouse the wrath of the Dawn
Immortal?!” The old man’s face was grim. He slapped his hand onto
the ground, and the mountain peak trembled. Ripples shook the
ground, sending the surrounding Cultivators retreating in shock.
At the same time as the mountain began to shake, the Revelation
Bell sounded out, then rose up into the air. Surrounding the bell were
countless magical symbols which flew and twisted about, glowing

brightly. The glow was nearly blinding, and spread out throughout the
entire State of Revelation.
“The Demonic forces are descending! It is exactly as our ancestors
divined! This shall prove to be a calamity for Heaven and Earth, but
also a chance for Revelation to rise! I shall take back my clone’s
Nascent Soul, and then we will see if Patriarch Reliance still dares to
be arrogant!”
Of course, this black-robed man was none other than Lord
Revelation. His clone had been consumed by Patriarch Reliance, and
this was his true self. As he spoke, he stood and flew up into the sky.
He snatched up the enormous Revelation Bell and then transformed
into a multicolored rainbow and shot toward the State of Zhao,
radiating killing intent.
Meanwhile, within the state of Zhao, a buzzing sound could be heard
within the ancestral hall of the Cold Wind Sect. With a strange look on
his face, the disciple on duty pushed open the door. When he looked
inside, his entire body began to shake, and a look of astonishment
and intense dread appeared on his face.
Within the ancestral hall, the life slips of various Sect Cultivators were
neatly lined up on display. Suddenly, the life slips belonging to the
Sect’s Core Formation Priest as well as Elder Taishang began to
crack and crumble!
SOOYOuNA | 484
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
This meant that the Core Formation Priest and Elder Taishang had
died!
Furthermore, the slips belonging to the Foundation Establishment
Elders fell apart. When this happened, the disciple on ancestral hall
guard duty shook. A look of disbelief filled his face.

When the Core Formation Priest had departed with the others, he’d
left behind a Foundation Establishment Elder to guard the Sect.
When that man learned of the news, his face went pale, and he
immediately ordered that no one be told. He knew that if something
like this happened to a Sect, if its Core Formation experts were killed,
it was nothing other than a catastrophe. It would likely lead to the
downfall of the entire Sect. For almost all of the Foundation
Establishment Cultivators to be wiped out would only hasten the fall.
“What happened in Patriarch Reliance’s meditation zone?!” The
Foundation Establishment Elder immediately gathered a group of Qi
Condensation disciples and sent them in the direction of the Reliance
Sect.
Next, trying to calm his mind, he took hold of a special horn that
hadn’t been sounded out for hundreds of years.
This horn had a name: Horn of the Dao.
Sounding the Horn of the Dao would awaken the Sect’s Dao
Reserves!
Every Clan and Sect had Dao Reserves, which would be passed
down from generation to generation. For the three great Sects, their
Dao Reserves would generally consist of a Sect Patriarch who had
failed in reaching the Nascent Soul stage, but postponed death by
resting in suspended animation in a Pseudo Nascent Soul condition.
Only they would be able to suppress the panic that would arise
because of the impending catastrophe.
When the horn call sounded out in the Cold Wind Sect, it reached the
ears of an old withered man sitting cross-legged in a top-secret
Immortal’s Cave. He looked dead; his body was so emaciated it was
little more than skin and bones. But when he heard the call of the
horn, his eyes opened.

His Spiritual Sense instantly roared out, enveloping the entire Cold
Wind Sect. When it entered the body of the Foundation
Establishment Cultivator, the man began to tremble, and a look of
pain appeared on his face. He was filled with a powerful feeling that
seemed as if it could obliterate him. This was Spiritual Sense, which
was being used to rifle through his memories.
After a while, the Spiritual Sense departed, and the Foundation
Establishment Cultivator fell to the ground panting, his body limp and
his face pale. He knew that if he wasn’t of the SOOYOuNA | 485
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Foundation Establishment stage, the memory search that had just
been performed on him would have killed him.
A profound voice echoed out throughout the Cold Wind Sect. “Take
my Freezing Jade and seal off all the mountains around the Reliance
Sect. Do not let anyone out of the region. I will be awake in a few
hours. In the meantime, you go search the area for any clues.” The
Foundation Establishment Cultivator immediately struggled to his
feet, then clasped his fists and bowed deeply.
An ice-cold piece of blue jade flew into his hand.
Similar scenes played out in the Winding Stream Sect and the
Upright Evening Sect. When the life slips belonging to their Priests
and Elders crumbled, they all used their Sects’ Dao Reserves.
As of this moment, the Cultivation world of the State of Zhao had
been thrown into an uproar.
SOOYOuNA | 486
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 89: GUYIDING TRI-RAIN [1]

Patriarch Reliance sat in his sealed meditation zone, the flames of his
fury rising to the heavens. He cursed continuously in anger and pain.
Regarding Meng Hao, the Patriarch had a somewhat helpless feeling.
After all, he was the Reliance Sect’s only heir....
“That little bastard is just too ruthless. I’m his Patriarch! First he steals
half my treasures, then takes away my Demon Sealing Jade. After
that, he robs me of my spiritual energy, and then shamelessly pillages
one of my demonic lamps!!” He was nearly out of breath from cursing.
When he thought of the ancient demonic lamp, he suddenly looked
worried.
“Okay, so I didn’t dispel the poison, that’s true, but that doesn’t mean
you can act like this! An upright person should be reasonable. When I
stole treasures from people, I discussed things with them reasonably
first.
“He really reached the thirteenth level of Qi Condensation. All those
years ago those bastards said that the Demon Sealing Jade couldn’t
be taken away by someone who hadn’t reached the thirteenth level of
Qi Condensation.... Originally I thought they were just trying to make
it sound mysterious, and was really happy. Obviously, those old
bastards tricked me. If the Demon Sealing Jade couldn’t be taken
away, then even if my plan worked, I wouldn’t be able to break the
seal. But... wow! He actually reached the thirteenth level!! And the
little bastard took it away! I can feel that... the seal is weakening!
“I might be missing one of the demonic lamps, which reduces the
chances of opening the Demonic Seal, but still, it’s been unstable for
years now. And now, it’s showing even more signs of weakness...
Holy crap, how come the Cultivators of the Demon Sealing Sect
always deceive me!? Those bastards were like this years ago, and
now the little bastard is the same...” Patriarch Reliance ground his
teeth, but as he thought about all this, he remembered Meng Hao
throwing his words back at him. Then he thought of his stubbornness

in reaching the thirteenth level of Qi Condensation, and couldn’t help
but sigh.
“This kid really does things in line with my style. I didn’t want to put
myself in a bad position that time; you deceived me, I deceived you.
The old bastards from the Demon Sealing Sect didn’t tell the truth.
They thought that if they ran away, I couldn’t get at them. Well, maybe
that was true, but at least I could change the name from Demon
Sealing Sect to Reliance Sect. I couldn’t deceive them, but I could
deceive their descendants.... Dammit, if I’d known Meng Hao would
reach the thirteenth level of Qi Condensation and then get the
required latent talent to take away the Demon Sealing Jade, I would
have just dispelled his poison and sent him on his way as fast as
possible. Then he would never have had the chance to reach the
thirteenth level.
But if that happened, then I probably would never have the chance to
open the seal, right?”
Patriarch Reliance was somewhat at a loss. Even though he was
upset, he could only sigh and feel torn.
SOOYOuNA | 487
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Patriarch Reliance had a very eccentric personality and was not easy
to get along with. Meng Hao didn’t know that, of course. In fact,
before the Sect had been disbanded, no one else had known either.
Only the people who were of the same generation as Patriarch
Reliance could know of such matters. To them, the mere mention of
Patriarch Reliance would arouse feelings of hatred.
But you cannot use normal methods to analyze people with eccentric
personalities. For example, even though Meng Hao robbed his
treasures, stole his spiritual energy, took away one of his demonic
lamps and angered him to the point of driving him crazy, he actually

felt admiration for him. This type of thing is not something that
ordinary people can understand.
Actually, if Meng Hao had just silently left, then Patriarch Reliance
would have forgotten about him completely within a couple years. But
acting as he did had left a deep impression on Patriarch Reliance. He
would never be able to forget the complicated, torn feelings he was
experiencing.
Outside of the Reliance Sect, in the State of Zhao, it was a warm and
sunny day. However, storm clouds were brewing on the horizon.
Meng Hao’s face was calm as he sat cross-legged on his treasured
fan. He soared forward at high speed.
He had lowered his Cultivation base back to the ninth level of Qi
Condensation. He wouldn’t reveal the great circle of Qi Condensation
unless he needed to. Even though his achievements were significant,
the poisons in his body had not been dispelled. It was like a fishbone
stuck in his throat. He sat in silent contemplation, trying to figure how
to get rid of the poison.
“Of the four poisons, I was able to get rid of one. Excepting the
poison from the three-colored poison pill, the other poisons will be
easy to dispel.... I need to figure out the fastest way to find the poison
dispelling pills.” Regarding everything that had happened with
Patriarch Reliance, Meng Hao’s hatred and anger had already
subsided.
He glided along, and before long thunder and lightning filled the sky;
big raindrops the size of beans fell down. The land was covered with
sheets of rain, making everything look dim and hazy.
It was raining now, but the general temperature was as hot as ever.
The heat was stifling enough to make it difficult to breathe. Only
within the rain could a bit of coolness be felt.

Amidst the heavy rain, Meng Hao stopped gliding and stood atop a
mountain top. Looking off into the distance, he pushed the rain away
so that it wouldn’t fall onto him. It was like he was standing in his own
land, separate from the rest of the murky world.
SOOYOuNA | 488
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He looked out at the earth surrounding him and thought of all his
experiences over the past years. He had completed the great circle of
Qi Condensation, which seemed like something from a dream. After
thinking about everything for a long time, he sighed.
“I wonder... I wonder how Elder Sister Xu is doing now,” he said softly
as her face appeared in his mind. He looked off in the direction he
supposed was the center of the Southern Domain.
He lifted up his right hand, and a jade slip appeared. The jade slip
was carved with mountains and rivers, and was covered with cracks.
It looked as if it might crumble at any moment.
This was what Patriarch Reliance had called a good luck charm,
which he had found at the bottom of the mountain of Spirit Stones. He
looked at it closely, then sent a bit of his spiritual energy into it. There
was no reaction.
Muttering to himself, he put the good luck charm back and then pulled
out the palm-sized black flag. There appeared to be a spark of energy
moving about inside it. Muttering to himself again, he opened his
mouth and blew out some Qi from his Cultivation base, sending it into
the flag.
“This item isn’t sealed to Patriarch Reliance, so I can use it. I’ll need
to refine it a bit before I can use its full power, though... ” He infused it
with some more Qi before putting it back.

Next, he carefully brought out the burning oil lamp, within which was
a tiny figure sitting cross-legged. When Meng Hao pulled out the
burning Nascent Soul, streams of spiritual energy once again roiled
out.
Flames appeared in front of his eyes, but he didn’t feel any heat.
However, he knew that it was powerful. After all, the flame was life
force and the Nascent Soul was the fuel.
“This item will be extremely useful. I can use it as a life-saving
treasure!” Eager to the extreme, Meng Hao tucked it back into the
bag of the Cosmos.
At last, he pulled out the ancient jade piece. It carried a sense of
profound ancientness, as if it had existed for countless ages.
Meng Hao looked at it, heart thumping. He sent some spiritual energy
into it, upon which three characters appeared in his head. “Demon
Sealing Sect....”
Some mnemonics also appeared, which he couldn’t quite see clearly.
Only the first three characters were legible.
SOOYOuNA | 489
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He poured a greater amount of spiritual energy into it, whereupon a
roaring sound filled his head. He involuntarily took a few steps back
and immediately stopped forcing spiritual energy into it. He could tell
that someone who hadn’t completed the great circle of Qi
Condensation would only be able to see the three characters and a
bit beyond that. As of now, he was only able to read the first line.
““Ancient Dao; Tenacious Desire to Seal the Heavens; Benefaction
for All in the Mountains; Inevitable Dao Tribulation of the Nine
Mountains and Seas; Perennial Will.” Meng Hao’s body trembled and

suddenly his vision cleared. The rain was currently falling on him,
soaking him.
A strange light filled his eyes. He looked back down silently at the
jade slip. In his head, images appeared of the Demonic technique
used by Patriarch Reliance, and the Demonic magic Shangguan Xiu
had used to control the aura of Mount Daqing.
After contemplating for a long time, he still didn’t understand. He sat
down cross-legged, again pouring some spiritual energy into the jade
slip. Once more, he contemplated the words’ deep meaning.
Enough time passed for an incense stick to burn. The rain had come
quickly, and it passed quickly. Meng Hao suddenly opened his eyes.
Even as a child, he had been very smart. Even though he hadn’t
succeeded in his life as a scholar, once he entered the Reliance Sect,
he had been very quick to grasp magical techniques. He didn’t need
to spend a lot of time practicing.
In fact, this was the first time he had ever had trouble utilizing a
mnemonic.
It was as if the mnemonic was something which required
enlightenment to understand.
Without enlightenment, it could only be observed from the outside,
never entered.
“The words seem extremely complicated, their true meaning obscure.
It’s like trying to look at flowers in the midst of fog, or the moon on
rippling seawater... ” He pondered silently for a while, until a bright
look appeared in his eyes. He lifted his head and gazed up at the sky,
looking a bit hesitant.
More time passed. Finally, determination rose in his eyes. He leaped
up, and a flying sword appeared beneath his feet as he shot off into
the distance.

“If I can reach Foundation Establishment, then I can fly for long
periods. That will be much better than this.” The wind buffeted his
face as he soared forward. After a while, the flying sword’s
momentum began to fade. Meng Hao dropped to the ground and
continued to run.
Time passed slowly. The first time he had left these mountains, he
had been at the sixth level of Qi Condensation, and it had taken him
two days. Now, he was of the great circle of Qi Condensation, and it
only took about an hour. Soon, he was out of the mountains, and had
reached the North Sea. [2]
SOOYOuNA | 490
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He stood once again on the shore, looking out at the lake. He took a
deep breath, and then, face filled with sincerity, clasped his hands
and bowed deeply two times.
The first bow was for the North Sea’s kindness in demonstrating the
Dao and helping him break through his bottleneck.
The second bow was for when the North Sea had helped him during
his battle with Ding Xin, when it had saved his life and caused him to
be reborn.
“I’ve already made my promise two times, so I won’t say it again. It
has been imprinted onto my heart.” He lifted his head, looking out
toward the center of the lake. After some time, he closed his eyes
and sat down cross-legged to meditate. In his mind, the mnemonic
from the jade slip appeared.
““Ancient Dao; Tenacious Desire to Seal the Heavens; Benefaction
for All in the Mountains; Inevitable Dao Tribulation of the Nine
Mountains and Seas; Perennial Will.” A long time passed, and the

words continued to reverberate in his mind. And yet, he still did not
understand what they meant.
More time passed as Meng Hao continued to try to decipher the
meaning of the words.
Suddenly, a hearty laugh echoed out from across the lake.
“Young sir, do you want to cross the sea?”
Meng Hao lifted his head and saw a boat approaching. On the boat
was an old man wearing a woven rush raincoat. Inside was a young
girl, eight or nine years old, with big eyes. When she looked at Meng
Hao, an innocent smile appeared on her face.
Meng Hao laughed, clasping hands and bowing to the old man and
the girl. Then he leaped up onto a flying sword and shot toward them.
He dropped down into the boat.
Just like before, there was a bottle of alcohol being warmed. The
young girl took it out and poured a cup for Meng Hao, but didn’t hand
it to him. She put her chin onto her hands and looked at him.
“Big Brother, why did you come back?” she said, her voice pure and
clear. “Did you come to see Guyiding Tri-Rain?
Meng Hao stared at her blankly.
SOOYOuNA | 491
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Guyiding Tri-Rain is my name. But, you can’t tell anybody, okay Big
Brother?” She laughed and winked at Meng Hao, looking very
charming.
Meng Hao smiled and cupped his hands again in a bow, then
accepted the cup of alcohol.

The old man laughed as the boat continued on toward the center of
the lake. He looked back at Meng Hao. “We haven’t seen each other
for many days. Young sir, your demeanor is much more refined than
in the past. Are you heading for the other shore this time?”
“I of the junior generation am not here to cross the lake,” Meng Hao
said lightly, taking a sip of alcohol. “I’m here to clear up some
confusion.”
1. In the original release of this chapter, Er Gen challenged the
audience to figure out the meaning of Guyiding Tri-rain’s name. There
was much debate about it. Here is the breakdown of her name:
Chinese characters: 古乙丁三雨
Transliteration: Gu Yi Ding San Yu
Characters:
古 – Gu – ancient, old
乙 – Yi – second; the second of the Heavenly Stems; bent; winding 丁
– Ding – surname; man; fourth of the Heavenly Stems
三 – San – three
雨 – Yu – rain
2. Previous related chapters about the North Sea: Chapter 44 and
Chapter 66
SOOYOuNA | 492
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 90: THE GREAT PATH OF DEMON SEALING, A
CONCEPT

LIKE A SCRIPTURE
The old man put down the oar and looked back at Meng Hao.
Laughing, he walked over, poured himself some alcohol, and then
took a drink.
“Clear up what confusion?”
Meng Hao held his cup of alcohol and then softly said, “I’m confused
about something I read.
It said, ‘“Ancient Dao; Tenacious Desire to Seal the Heavens....’”
Shock suddenly covered the face of the old man. The blood drained
from the face of the young girl. Waves suddenly surged across the
North Sea, causing the boat to rock back and forth violently.
“Stop!” cried the old man. The cup of alcohol in his hand suddenly
disappeared into a dark mist and he stared at Meng Hao.
Meng Hao gaped.
“Don’t say that again. I can’t explain those words to you. Neither can
anyone else in heaven or earth. If you truly seek enlightenment, then
enter the heart of the sea.” He closed his mouth and looked at the
young girl. Some time passed, and finally her countenance returned
to normal. She gave a slight nod.
Meng Hao was silent for a while, before asking, “What do you mean
by the heart of the sea?”
In a tone of voice which carried deep profundity, the old man said,
“There are things which have been concealed at the bottom of the
sea for a thousand years. That is the heart of the sea.
If you seek an answer to your questions, perhaps you should also
examine your own heart.”

Meng Hao found himself lost in thought for a long time. When he
finally looked up, his eyes widened in shock. There was no trace of
the old man or the young girl. He was alone on the lake. In fact, the
boat had disappeared too.
He stared blankly for a while, until his vision came to focus on a spot
some distance away.
There, on the far bank, a group of people was lowering a brand new
boat into the water. It slowly entered the lake, and then laughter rang
out. The sounds of the peoples’ celebratory cheers surrounded the
boat.
SOOYOuNA | 493
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The boat slowly approached the center of the lake. Rowing it was a
middle-aged man, accompanied by a woman and a child. Meng Hao
watched as, day after day, year after year, he rowed back and forth
across the lake. Many years passed, and the man grew old. The
man’s son grew up, and took over rowing the boat. Years and years
passed. Generations and generations.
The boat, once brand new, slowly began to crack and grow old. It
began to age.
Eventually it grew so dilapidated that it couldn’t be repaired. Like a life
that has reached its limit, it couldn’t be forced to go on any further. It
slowly sank to the bottom of the lake.
It had lived its life on the surface, and died at the bottom. Its
existence had been on the waters of the lake, accompanying
generation after generation of mortals who had created it. Other than
them, the lake was its entire life.

In its life, the lake was its companion. No one could hear the voice of
the lake, but it could.
When it sank to the bottom, it died, but was also reborn.
At that moment, it awoke.
The moment it awoke, it saw a young girl standing at the bottom of
the lake, smiling at him.
“Will you... accompany me forever?”
“I don’t know how long forever is, but in my past life, I could hear your
voice. Now that I’ve died... I want to accompany you. I want you to be
part of my next life.” At this moment it came to understand that... it
was the spirit of the boat. Listening to the voice of the lake over the
countless years had caused the boat’s spirit to come into being.
Before dying, its life had been the waters of the lake. After death, its
spirit would protect the lake forever, into eternity.
It was then that a boat once again appeared on the surface of the
lake. Inside the boat was a young girl warming a bottle of alcohol.
Together, they floated to and fro across the lake.
Meng Hao’s mind shook as he saw all of this transpire in front of him.
Everything grew blurry for a moment, and then came back into focus.
He was once again in the boat. The old man was there in front of him,
grinning at him and holding his cup of alcohol. The girl looked up at
him, smiling, her chin resting in her hands.
SOOYOuNA | 494
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The old man took a drink. “This is my heart. Do you understand...
successor of the Demon Sealing Sect?”

Meng Hao was silent for a moment. Frustration shined in his eyes.
He... did not understand.
“Don’t search too hard for an answer. If you do, the answer you find
might be false. At some point in your life, perhaps you will be able to
find the answer. Don’t give up.” The old man looked at Meng Hao
solemnly.
“Big Brother,” said the young girl, “its aura... is beneath your feet.
Don’t provoke it. Remember...
the great path of Demon Sealing...” Waves once again surged across
the lake in all directions, great, tall waves that seemed to touch the
sky. Everything turned dark amidst the thunderous roar. The boat
sank into the water.
Meng Hao didn’t leap out of the boat. Instead, he closed his eyes.
After some time passed, he opened them, and found himself sitting
cross-legged on the lakeshore. The lake was still. There were no
waves and no boat. What that had just happened had been an
illusion.
The girl had not appeared, nor had the old man. Everything had
occurred in a dream.
“Its aura is beneath my feet....” Meng Hao’s eyes shone with
confusion. He looked down at his feet. He saw nothing but his shoes.
“The great path of Demon Sealing, a concept like a scripture.” Meng
Hao frowned, still unable to comprehend the meaning of the words.
He slowly got to his feet, then clasped his hands and bowed a third
time to the lake.
He looked out at the waters. “I don’t understand today,” he said softly,
“but I will achieve enlightenment one day.”

Waves suddenly rippled out upon the lake, seemingly in response to
Meng Hao. Meng Hao was just about to leave, when suddenly his
eyes flickered. Turning his head, he saw that off in the distance,
several beams of light were flying toward him.
“Meng Hao!”
“So here you are. The Priest sent us searching for you!”
“Grab him, and then everything will be made clear!”
SOOYOuNA | 495
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
There were three flashing beams, and three Cultivators. One of them
was at the ninth level of Qi Condensation, the others were at the
eighth. All three of them rode massive jade flutes. The two eighthlevel Cultivators were known to Meng Hao. They were Zhou and Tu
of the Winding Stream Sect, who had attempted to chase and kill
Meng Hao before.
The person of the ninth level of Qi Condensation was a young man of
about thirty years of age.
A cold, indifferent look covered his face as he stared at Meng Hao.
They were being followed by five more people who sped along on
foot.
Meng Hao’s expression was calm. He gave the people a glance, then
ignored them, bowing once again to the North Sea. As he did, the
eyes of Zhou and Tu flashed. Their hands flickered with incantation
signs, and dark clouds began to accumulate in the sky, accompanied
by the rumble of thunder.
The young man of the ninth level slapped his bag of holding, and an
enormous drum appeared.

He beat the drum once. It emitted a thunderous boom which caused
surrounding rocks and dirt to leap up into the air and fly toward Meng
Hao.
At the same time, a lightning bolt shot toward Meng Hao. As it
approached, he calmly made a fist and punched the lightning.
A boom echoed out as the it shattered, transforming into a multitude
of sparks which then dissipated into the air. Meng Hao’s eyes flashed.
“Are you looking to die?!” he shouted. He leaped forward, and a
whistling flying sword appeared beneath his feet. He transformed into
a multicolored beam of light as he shot toward the three people flying
above him. At this moment, the mass of flying dirt and rocks was
almost upon him. He punched a fist toward it.
The power of the thirteenth level of Qi Condensation, the great circle
of Qi Condensation, erupted within Meng Hao’s body. He was now
cut off from the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. However, the
approaching cloud of sand and stones was smashed into nothing by
the power of his fist. A massive wind rose up. His three opponent’s
faces filled with shock as they felt a force like that of a mountain
pushing against them.
They spat up blood, especially Zhou and Tu. Their jade flutes
shattered, and they retreated, their faces filled with astonishment.
Even as they moved backwards, two sword auras shot past them.
Their heads flew into the sky, showering blood everywhere. Two
Cultivators of the eighth level of Qi Condensation, dead in an instant.
SOOYOuNA | 496
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao turned and looked at the ninth-level Winding Stream Sect
disciple. His face was pale and his body trembled as he retreated.

The people on the ground had stopped moving, astonished
expressions on their faces.
“What... what is the level of your Cultivation base!?” said the ninthlevel Winding Stream Sect disciple, his heart trembling, disbelief
covering his face. In his mind, someone of the ninth level of Qi
Condensation couldn’t simply kill two eighth-level Cultivators in one
instant. Perhaps he was... Foundation Establishment?
However, although Meng Hao emanated an enigmatic air, it was not
the power of Foundation Establishment. Therefore, the Winding
Stream Sect disciple was incredibly surprised and bewildered.
Even as the words came out of the man’s mouth, Meng Hao moved
forward, his face tranquil.
Seeing this, the Winding Stream Sect disciple’s heart began to race.
He turned and fled.
Unfortunately for him, he was only of the ninth level of Qi
Condensation. Even if he could go a bit faster, his speed could never
come close to matching Meng Hao, who was of the great circle of Qi
Condensation. He had barely begun to flee before Meng Hao was
next to him. Meng Hao’s fist descended.
The ninth-level disciple’s pupils constricted, and a profound sense of
life-and-death danger encompassed him. With a low shout, he
slapped his bag of holding. Several flying swords appeared, as well
as a drum and a jade slip covered with mystical carvings.
Meng Hao’s expression did not change in the least bit. His fist
continued to descend. The flying swords shattered into pieces. The
drum made a crashing sound as it exploded. Next was... the jade slip.
This jade slip could withstand an attack from someone of the ninth
level of Qi Condensation.

But Meng Hao was of the great circle of Qi Condensation. The jade
slip was incapable of blocking him. It was shattered into tiny pieces.
None of these things were even slightly capable of providing a
defense. The Winding Stream Sect disciple was now out of magical
items. He watched wide-eyed as Meng Hao’s fist came closer and
closer, until it landed onto his chest.
A bang rang out. This Winding Stream Sect disciple was famous in
his Sect, and was even known throughout the State of Zhao. But now,
his chest sank in, and a fountain of blood shot out of his mouth. Like
a kite whose string has been severed, he tumbled backwards twenty
or thirty meters, dead.
SOOYOuNA | 497
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
From beginning to end, it took the space of a few breaths for Meng
Hao to kill three people!
The rest of the Winding Stream Sect disciples on the ground had
looks of profound fear written on their pale faces. It was hard to tell
who fled first, because they scattered almost immediately. The only
thought in their minds was: run!
Meng Hao’s expression was the same as ever, but inside he sighed.
Because of the incident with Yan Ziguo, Meng Hao had learned the
importance of leaving behind no witnesses. He knew that killing must
be done resolutely. Even though he didn’t want to, attacking... was a
necessity.
The old Meng Hao would never have made a move against the
fleeing people. But today was different. Meng Hao’s eyes flashed. Ten
flying swords flew out, infused with the power of the great circle of Qi
Condensation. The quality of the swords was poor, and incapable of

containing such power, so they exploded, transforming into countless
fragments, which continued to fly forward.
Blood-curdling screams rang out one after another. Each and every
one of the fleeing Winding Stream Sect disciples dropped dead.
SOOYOuNA | 498
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 91: WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND
Fire Globe after Fire Globe descended onto the corpses. The reek of
blood still filled the air, but it was soon overpowered by the stench of
scorched flesh. The disgusting odor emanated out in all directions.
Meng Hao collected the bags of holding. He sniffed the air, then with
one last silent look at the North Sea, turned and left.
“I can’t stay in the State of Zhao any more... I need to leave.” Meng
Hao knew that if the Winding Stream Sect had appeared, then the
rest of the three great Sects must also be aware of the deaths of their
Priests and Elders. Soon, the mountains would be crawling with Qi
Condensation Cultivators seeking to determine how they had died.
Meng Hao frowned. Looking off into the distance, an image appeared
in his mind, a map of the Southern Domain. On the other side of
these mountains was a vast plain which was the border of the State
of Zhao.
“It’s not far, but things will get violent here very soon. I can’t stay any
longer.” Meng Hao changed his direction. These mountains belonged
to the region of the Reliance Sect. He would leave the State of Zhao
by a different route.
With his mind made up, Meng Hao raced forward. Unfortunately,
before he could get far, his eyes narrowed, and he dropped to the
ground. Frowning, he looked off into the distance with cold eyes. A

few dozen kilometers ahead of him, an enormous glowing shield was
descending from the sky. It transformed into countless flakes of flying
snow which cut off the Reliance Sect outer reaches from the rest of
the world.
Floating in the sky off in the distance was a middle-aged man wearing
a long black robe. His Cultivation base was at the Foundation
Establishment stage. In his hand he held a piece of frozen jade.
Beams of light twirled around it slowly. This magical item was the
source of the flying snow shield that surrounded everything, sealing it
off.
Surrounding the man were seven or eight Qi Condensation
Cultivators, with dignified looks on their faces. From their clothing,
Meng Hao could tell that they were from the Cold Wind Sect.
“No wonder they’re called the three great Sects. Even with so many
Foundation Establishment Elders dead, even more appear.” Meng
Hao’s heart sank as he realized that this seal had completely cut off
his path of escape. He had no way to leave now. Before he had time
to SOOYOuNA | 499
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
examine the situation further, he suddenly shot backward. The flying
snow shield had suddenly begun to contract rapidly.
As it did, it completely froze the land and trees it passed. It moved
rapidly, heading directly toward Meng Hao’s position. Of course, it
wasn’t targeting Meng Hao; this was just a normal function of the
sealing spell. The contraction wouldn’t last for long; it would move
inward a few hundred kilometers, then slowly come to a stop.
Meng Hao was not very far away from it. As he retreated, he had no
time conceal his movements. As it approached, he hopped onto a
flying sword, transforming into a beam of light, which of course
attracted the attention of the Cold Wind Sect Cultivators.

“That person....”
“It’s Meng Hao! I saw his picture!”
“So, it’s Meng Hao. The Priests and the others are looking for him.
Seize him! Then we can finally understand what happened here!” The
eyes of the Cold Wind Sect Cultivators glowed with ill intentions.
“All of you, go capture him,” said the Foundation Establishment
Cultivator. “I’m consolidating the sealing spell and still need few
moments.” Having just activated the seal contraction, he wasn’t able
to leave his position. However, as far as he was concerned, Meng
Hao was incapable of escape.
As soon as the words left the man’s mouth, the seven or eight Cold
Wind disciples shot after Meng Hao in pursuit.
Meng Hao’s eyes glittered. He shot forward, the seal contracting
behind him, the Cultivators right behind it, hot in pursuit.
As he raced forward, the Cold Wind shield grew closer and closer,
until it was only about thirty meters away. Finally, it slowed down and
stopped contracting. It became a thick shield of ice, covering the
entire Reliance Sect mountainous regions.
The seal was actually not completely solidified. If he was only at the
ninth level of Qi Condensation, he would not have been able to tell.
But he was of the great circle of Qi Condensation. Looking at the
seal, he could tell that it would not last for very long.
“I can’t get out, and I can’t kill my way out. I need to get over the
mountains as fast as possible.
Looking at this seal, I can tell it will start to loosen up soon. Once it
does, I can make my SOOYOuNA | 500
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

escape.” Meng Hao gritted his teeth. He knew that this plan was a bit
of a stretch, but he didn’t have many other options. Finding a way to
conceal himself for a bit of time would do, but first he had to take the
initiative to get out of his current situation.
Eyes gleaming, he ceased his retreat. Instead, he stood there,
watching coldly as eight Cold Wind Sect Cultivators approached.
“Eight people in all. Two of the ninth level of Qi Condensation, four of
the eighth and two of the seventh. They all have magical flight items.
It seems the three Sects are quite anxious. They didn’t spare any
cost at all to get here as quickly as possible.” Meng Hao glanced
back at the Foundation Establishment Cultivator; he was maintaining
the spell and couldn’t move at the moment. However, as a
Foundation Establishment Cultivator, he was extremely powerful. He
floated there, looking coldly at Meng Hao.
As their gazes locked onto each other, the eight other Cultivators shot
through the flying snow shield. This was one of the strange properties
of this particular shield; it could be entered into, but not exited.
The eight people descended onto Meng Hao, their faces twisted with
vicious grins. He sprang into action.
He clenched his right hand into a fist, stepped forward, and smashed
it into the ground. The power of the great circle of Qi Condensation
exploded out as a gale force wind slammed into the eight Cultivators.
They stopped in their tracks, shock written on their faces.
At the same time, two wooden swords appeared in Meng Hao’s
hands. They screamed through the air, and the heads of the two
seventh-level Qi Condensation disciples flew into the air.
“One breath,” said Meng Hao to himself. The Foundation
Establishment Cultivator had said he only needed a few moments.
Meng Hao wasn’t sure if that was true or not. Either way, his own

requirement was that he wipe out these eight people within the space
of ten breaths.
Amidst the whistling screams of the wooden swords, the remaining
six disciples scrambled to pull out magical items. Before that could
happen, Meng Hao spun, dashing toward one of the eighth-level
Cultivators. He didn’t use a magical item, but rather his shoulder.
Boom! Meng Hao slammed into him, and blood shot out of his mouth.
His body caved in, and as he flew backward, Meng Hao flicked his
right hand. A massive Flame Python appeared, sixty meters long.
Roaring, it shot toward another eighth-level Cultivator. A bloodcurdling scream rang out as the Flame Python consuming him whole.
SOOYOuNA | 501
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Four breaths.” In four breaths, Meng Hao had killed four people. The
remaining four looked on in shock. Meng Hao had attacked with a
viciousness they had never before seen. Now that he had revealed
the power of his Cultivation base, the remaining four Cultivators
trembled, unable to comprehend what was happening.
Off in the distance, the Foundation Establishment Cultivator looked
on in shock. Moments ago, he had seen that Meng Hao was at the
ninth level of Qi Condensation; but in the space of a few breaths, his
Cultivation base had suddenly climbed to an incredible height.
“Six breaths.” Meng Hao’s hand flickered in an incantation, and the
sword auras from the two wooden swords spilled out. The remaining
two Cultivators of the eight level of Qi Condensation tried to defend
with magical items as the swords shot forward. Horrified screams
rang out as their hearts were stabbed through. Their bodies fell to the
ground.

Now, only two Cultivators remained, both of the ninth level of Qi
Condensation. Their faces pale, they had already begun to edge
backwards. When Meng Hao’s cold gaze fell upon them, they
scattered, each one running off in a different direction.
With a cold look on his face, Meng Hao raised his right hand, which
flickered with an incantation. A massive Wind Blade appeared, fifteen
or twenty meters long. It sped forth with a shrill whistling sound. At
the same time, Meng Hao slapped his bag of holding. The black bow
appeared in his hand. He drew back on the bow, and then shot an
arrow toward the other person.
“Eight breaths,” said Meng Hao softly. Two booming sounds rang out.
The Wind Blade slashed through the first ninth-level Cultivator,
splitting his body in two and sending blood and gore splattering
everywhere.
Simultaneously, a black arrow pierced the other Cultivator’s head,
causing it to explode violently.
Eight breaths, eight kills!
Meng Hao, expressionless, looked out through the flying snow shield
at the Foundation Establishment Cultivator for a moment. Then his
body transformed into a glittering beam and he shot off into the
distance.
He moved about, avoiding quite a few Cultivators. But the area
covered by the sealing spell was not large. With so many Cultivators
of the eighth and ninth levels of Qi Condensation, it wouldn’t take
them long to search everywhere. As for Foundation Establishment
Cultivators, they could fly, and would be able to search even faster.
SOOYOuNA | 502
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

Meng Hao continued to evade detection, until finally he approached
the Reliance Sect itself. It was then that ten beams of light appeared
in the sky, soaring forward at top speed. In the lead of this group of
people was a grim-faced old man. Unlike the others who surrounded
him, he was not soaring, but actually flying.
Cultivators of the Qi Condensation stage could not do this; this man
was clearly a Foundation Establishment Cultivator!
“The Upright Evening Sect....” Catching sight of them, Meng Hao
sighed. He finally came to accept that he would not be able to escape
this day. He could try to hide, but he would be found eventually.
“Meng Hao!” Upon catching sight of him, the faces of the Upright
Evening Sect Cultivators twisted. The old man of the Foundation
Establishment stage raced toward Meng Hao, his eyes shining.
Meng Hao’s eyes grew dark as he watched the Foundation
Establishment Cultivator approach.
The massive power of the Foundation Establishment stage roiled out
from the man. The immensity of this power caused the surrounding
Qi Condensation Cultivators to shrink back, their Cultivation bases
teetering.
This was the might of Foundation Establishment. He flew through the
air with seemingly no effort, imposing to the extreme. Without even
trying, he caused the Qi Condensation Cultivators to tremble.
But Meng Hao was not an ordinary Qi Condensation Cultivator. A
thirteenth-level Cultivator of the great circle of Qi Condensation had
not been seen since ancient times. He had Spiritual Sense. Although
it wasn’t very strong, it was there. His Cultivation base was not
thrown into chaos like the others.
His physical body was more powerful, his Qi vessels tougher, even
his bones were stronger.

Despite facing up against a powerful Foundation Establishment
expert, he refused to retreat back even half a pace.
“So, the person who created all these waves in the State of Zhao is a
Cultivator halfway to the Foundation Establishment stage,” said the
Foundation Establishment Cultivator coolly.
“Today, however, if I say you shall die, then die you shall.”
Just then, another beam of radiant light appeared from behind Meng
Hao. It screamed toward them. This was none other than the Cold
Wind Sect’s Foundation Establishment expert. He radiated a killing
aura.
SOOYOuNA | 503
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I tread the path of Cultivation, and am not ignorant of the rules of life
and death,” said Meng Hao coolly. “I can kill others, so naturally,
others can kill me. But let me ask you a question.
You three Sects permitted Shangguan Xiu to absorb the life force of
the mortals of three counties. He even damaged their longevity.
Mortals do not practice Cultivation. Harming a Cultivator is one thing,
but you, for selfish personal gain, permitted such a horrific act. This is
a violation of the theory of law. What goes around comes around!” He
had wanted to say these words for a long time.
“Theory of law? In heaven and earth, the powerful people make the
laws. And if what goes around comes around, then you’ve got
something coming to you, wouldn’t you say?”
Meng Hao said nothing. He simply looked up into the sky.
SOOYOuNA | 504
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

CHAPTER 92: EXTERMINATE FOUNDATION ESTABLISHMENT!
In front of Meng Hao was the old Foundation Establishment Cultivator
from the Upright Evening Sect. Behind him was the enraged
Foundation Establishment Cultivator from the Cold Wind Sect. As of
this moment, Foundation Establishment Cultivators from two of the
three great Sects of the State of Zhao had appeared.
In his heart, Meng Hao knew that he was stuck between a rock and a
hard place. It would be difficult to escape. Theoretically, he could lead
them into Patriarch Reliance’s secluded meditation zone, but to do
that would require the cooperation of Patriarch Reliance himself.
Considering everything that had happened between the two of them,
and also considering the Patriarch’s temperament, it was doubtful he
would help out. Furthermore, Meng Hao had already used that ruse
that once. The chances of tricking more people in the same way was
was not high. In the end, though, he had little choice but to try.
“The Priests and Elders of the three great Sects are not dead!” he
said suddenly, just as the Foundation Establishment Cultivator from
the Upright Evening Sect approached with hand raised.
As soon as the words left his mouth, the old man’s eyes gleamed.
The face of the man from the Cold Wind Sect also flickered.
“They’re trapped inside Patriarch Reliance’s Immortal’s Cave. It’s
right over there.” He lifted his hand to point at the East Mountain.
The eyes of the Foundation Establishment Cultivator from the Cold
Wind Sect flashed like lightning as he glanced up at the peak. The
group of Qi Condensation Cultivators from the Upright Evening Sect
also looked toward the East Mountain.
However, the Upright Evening Sect Foundation Establishment
Cultivator smiled. It was a gruesome smile filled with ridicule.

“I’m interested to know how you are aware that the Priests and Elders
from the three great Sects are dead.” Hearing this, Meng Hao’s heart
flip-flopped, although his expression did not change.
“It actually doesn’t matter what you say. Once I get ahold of you,
you’ll answer all my questions.” He lifted his right hand and stretched
it out towards Meng Hao. As he did, the power of his Foundation
Establishment Cultivation base exploded out, and an enormous hand
SOOYOuNA | 505
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
appeared in the air in front of him. It screamed through the air,
heading directly toward Meng Hao.
Meng Hao immediately began to dodge, but even as he did so, the
Foundation Establishment Cultivator from the Cold Wind Sect flicked
his sleeve and gave out a cold laugh. A fierce wind shot toward Meng
Hao.
Both Foundation Establishment Cultivators attacked at the same
time. Gritting his teeth, Meng Hao slapped his bag of holding. A sheet
of lightning appeared which coalesced into a Lightning Flag.
This flag was one of the objects he had taken from Patriarch
Reliance, and it had the power to defend against attacks from
Foundation Establishment Cultivators. As soon as it appeared, it
grew, transforming into a sheet of mist, within which lightning roiled.
The mist expanded out to cover Meng Hao.
An explosion rolled out. Inside the mist, Meng Hao coughed up a
mouthful of blood, and his body was shoved backward. The eyes of
the old Foundation Establishment Cultivator grew wide, and he stared
in shock at the mist.
The man from the Cold Wind Sect gasped loudly.

The mist surrounding Meng Hao was about fifteen or twenty meters in
diameter. Meng Hao’s face was pale and his mouth was smeared
with blood. His internal organs ached and bled, and only by extorting
a huge amount of effort was he able to keep them under control. To
employ the full power of the flag would require significant refinement,
and Meng Hao hadn’t had very much time to practice with it. As such,
he could only utilize half of its power. It rotated around him unstably.
“This is an excellent treasure,” said the old man from the Upright
Evening Sect. “Too bad you can’t use it correctly. Let’s see how much
of my magic you can withstand!” He moved forward, raising his hand
again. A field of black dust spread out in front of him. It glittered as it
transformed into a multitude of black threads, which then flew toward
the mist.
A boom rang out, and then the old man himself neared the mist.
Every time he waved his hand back and forth, the black dust threads
smashed into the mist, causing booms to ring out.
With a cold smile, the Cold Wind Sect Cultivator flashed an
incantation sign. His hand instantly transformed into ice, which then
shattered and reformed in front of him into a larger hand.
The icy hand shot toward Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 506
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
In the blink of an eye, it reached him. Thunderous roars filled the air
as the black threads and the icy hand caused the mist surrounding
Meng Hao to slowly contract. Inside, blood sprayed from Meng Hao’s
mouth, and his body felt as if it were about to be torn to pieces. His
mind was in a jumble, and his face as pale as death. A feeling of lifeand-death peril enveloped him; the thread connecting him to the
Lightning Flag could be severed at any moment.

When that happened, it wouldn’t matter that Meng Hao’s Cultivation
base had completed the great circle of Qi Condensation. That was
still the Qi Condensation stage, and he was facing the Foundation
Establishment stage. The gap between the two was too vast.
At this critical juncture, Meng Hao, his eyes bloodshot, suddenly
slapped his bag of holding. In his hand appeared an oil lamp, from
within which emitted an ancient Qi.
The wick of this lamp was a Nascent Soul, sitting cross-legged in
meditation. It was none other than... Lord Revelation!
The Nascent Soul was the fuel, and life force was the fire. The
blazing flame cast light onto Meng Hao’s face. A ferocious expression
filled his face, and his eyes shined with killing intent.
He had thought of the only possible way to get out of this situation.
He took a deep breath, and suddenly, popping sounds rang out from
his body. His Cultivation base began to rotate with the power of the
great circle of Qi Condensation. His Core sea roiled and churned, and
spiritual power raced through his Qi passageways. He poured the full
power of his Cultivation base into a single mouthful of Qi.
He looked out past the mist.
Because the mist was covering him, no one could see the oil lamp in
his hand. Furthermore, none of the Qi from the lamp emanated
outwards.
Bangs rang out as the mist continued to contract. Currently, it only
stretched out about three meters. More black dust appeared in the
hand of the old Foundation Establishment Cultivator.
“Open up!” he roared, waving his hand toward the mist. Instantly, an
explosion could be heard as the mist shattered and dispersed,
reforming into the Lightning Flag, which flew back to Meng Hao.

“If I say today is the day you die, then you will die!” The old man
waved his hand again, and the black dust descended toward Meng
Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 507
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
It was then that the old man noticed the oil lamp in the hands of palefaced Meng Hao. His expression suddenly changed.
“Is that...?”
Meng Hao’s killing intent soared. Without giving his opponent even
the chance to think, he opened his lips and spit out the mouthful of
Qi.
The Qi passed through the flame of the oil lamp. As it did, it
expanded out into a massive conflagration. The old Foundation
Establishment cultivator retreated, shocked. But the expanding
flames were too fast, and reached him in an instant.
Miserable screams filled the air as fire consumed him. The black dust
in his hand had already been vaporized. Within seconds, his clothing,
and then his flesh, and been reduced to ash.
Everything happened too quickly. The surrounding Cultivators didn’t
even have time to react.
By the time the blood-curdling screams began to ring out, the old
Cultivator had already been burned into nothingness. Nothing
remained, not even his bag of holding.
Meng Hao’s face was pale, and his hands trembled. The Qi he had
just shot out contained all the power of his Cultivation base, as well
as the fearsome might of the oil lamp’s flame.

Everything was as silent as death... Wisps of twisting demonic flame
still floated about in the spot where the Foundation Establishment
Cultivator had been incinerated.
The sounds of his screams still echoed in the air. The nine or so
remaining Cultivators from the Upright Evening Sect looked on with
expressions of disbelief.
“Elder Zhang just....”
“What... what was that fire?”
“This is impossible.... Elder Zhang is a Foundation Establishment
Cultivator. How could he possibly die under Meng Hao’s hand... ”
They didn’t dare to believe. A mighty Foundation Establishment
expert, unexpectedly... burned to death by a flame cast by a Qi
Condensation Cultivator. In their minds, this was an impossibility.
Foundation Establishment Cultivators simply could not be killed by Qi
Condensation Cultivators.
SOOYOuNA | 508
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Even a weak Foundation Establishment Cultivator shouldn’t be able
to die at the hand of a Qi Condensation Cultivator.
What they had just witnessed set their minds spinning into chaos.
They stared at Meng Hao in astonishment.
What they didn’t know was that the Foundation Establishment
Cultivator from the Cold Wind Sect was even more flabbergasted
than they were. He stared at the place where the old Foundation
Establishment Cultivator had just been, his eyes wide, his face pale,
and his heart trembling. An indescribable fear gripped his heart.

As a Foundation Establishment Cultivator, he was in an elite position
in the State of Zhao, and rarely had anything to fear. Yet now, he was
afraid. In fact, “afraid,” is probably not the appropriate word. He was
petrified.
He looked at the oil lamp in Meng Hao’s hand, his mind reeling. The
terror in his heart grew stronger. He didn’t know what fire this Qi
Condensation disciple had wielded, but he had an inkling.
“That must have been Nascent Soul fire. That’s a Nascent Soul. That
fire was kindled with life force to form Nascent Soul fire! It can burn to
death, not only Foundation Establishment Cultivators, but also Core
Formation stage Cultivators!” His breathing agitated, he stared at
Meng Hao. His scalp grew numb, and he subconsciously retreated a
few paces. He did not dare to get any closer. At the moment, he had
forgotten completely about his prestigious Foundation Establishment
status.
Meng Hao stood there on his flying sword, the lamp in his hand. He
made a beckoning motion with his left hand, and the Lightning Flag
flew back into his bag of holding. He rotated his Cultivation base,
staring coldly at the Cold Wind Sect Cultivator.
It was at this moment, however, that three blurs of light appeared in
the air above the Reliance Sect, each one over thirty meters wide.
Ripples spread out from them as they shot mightily toward Meng Hao
and the others.
Within the three beams were three old men who looked as if they had
just climbed out of the grave. Their faces were covered with wrinkles,
and strong Death Qi emanated from their bodies. And yet, along with
the Death Qi that circled about them was the Qi of their Condensation
bases. This Qi was eminently powerful. It was not quite of the
Nascent Soul stage, but they had definitely completed the great circle
of Core Formation.

Meng Hao’s heart sank, and he clasped his oil lamp tightly. He had
just expended roughly eighty to ninety percent of his Cultivation base.
It had taken that much to create the terrifying fire he had just utilized.
SOOYOuNA | 509
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Their speed was incredible as they approached. A relieved
expression appeared in the eye of the Foundation Establishment
Cultivator from the Cold Wind Sect. And yet, at that very moment, a
Qi appeared which surpassed that of the Pseudo Nascent Soul stage
Patriarchs. In an instant, the Qi enveloped the entire State of Zhao.
An enormous bell appeared above the Reliance Sect, and a grim
voice filled the air.
“Patriarch Reliance, get the hell out and face me!”
The voice crackled like lightning, its power filling the sky. Its might
billowed out, shattering the flying snow shield. As for the nine or so Qi
Condensation disciples from the Upright Evening Sect, blood
fountained out of their mouths, and then one by one, they exploded,
unable to withstand the power.
Meng Hao’s body shook, and he spit out blood. He looked up into the
sky, his eyes narrowing.
The face of the Cold Wind Sect’s Foundation Establishment
Cultivator twisted, and the approaching Patriarchs from the three
great Sects looked amazed. They stopped flying and immediately
clasped hands and bowed toward an old man in a black robe who
stood next to the bell in the sky.
His robes whipped about in the wind. Behind him, the clouds spun
violently. The pupil of his left eye looked like the sun, and shone with
brilliant light. The right eye was dark, and its pupil looked like a

crescent moon. On his forehead was a strange looking slit, within
which appeared to be another eye. This eye itself was invisible, but
emitted a bloody glow.
It was Lord Revelation!
SOOYOuNA | 510
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 93: SEVER THE DAO, CHANGE HEAVEN AND EARTH,
DEMONIC WILL!
The instant he saw Lord Revelation, Meng Hao’s body grew stiff. In
his hands, the Nascent Soul of Lord Revelation’s clone burned in the
demonic lamp.
Lord Revelation’s shout shook the earth for millions of kilometers in
all directions. Mountains trembled and the sky filled with dark, roiling
clouds.
Meng Hao’s heart quivered and blood seeped out of his mouth. His
body was pushed backwards relentlessly. He coughed up an entire
mouthful of blood.
Everyone in the region of the Reliance Sect, including the Pseudo
Nascent Soul Patriarchs and the Foundation Establishment Cultivator
from the Cold Wind Sect, were as frightened as cicadas in cold
weather. They didn’t dare to make even the slightest sound. They
stared up into the sky, astonished, their eyes filled with dread.
And yet, despite the quaking of the earth, the area around Patriarch
Reliance’s secluded meditation zone was completely quiet. Not a
sound could be heard from Patriarch Reliance.
Lord Revelation hovered in the air next to his bell. His eyes shone
with the splendor of the sun and moon. The darkness and light

seemed to interlock and then combine with the crimson bloody glow
which emanated from the slit on his forehead. He lifted his right hand
up, and then waved it downward.
As he did, the dark glow, the bright light and the bloody essence
combined to form the image of a hand. It began to descend toward
the earth.
It takes some time to describe, but happened in an instant. A roar
filled the air as the hand fell downward toward the East Mountain of
the Reliance Sect. As the hand descended onto the East Mountain, it
began to crumble, layer after layer crashing down and disintegrating
into dust. By the time the hand had finished its descent, the East
Mountain... was gone!
The earth shook, and a fierce wind kicked up. After destroying the
East Mountain, the hand didn’t stop. It continued to pierce down into
the ground, as if Lord Revelation knew exactly where Patriarch
Reliance’s secluded meditation chamber was located.
SOOYOuNA | 511
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
A boom resonated outward, filling nearly half of the State of Zhao.
The earth rippled outwards.
It seemed that the hand had pierced down and actually destroyed
Patriarch Reliance’s secluded meditation zone!
After the hand finally disappeared, the onlookers saw a massive hole.
Within it were numerous incomplete restrictive spells. The place...
really was Patriarch Reliance’s secluded meditation zone. Stone
steles and altars lay about in ruins. The massive image of Patriarch
Reliance’s face was shattered into pieces, and the secluded
meditation chamber had been knocked open.

But... Patriarch Reliance was nowhere to be seen!
“Patriarch Reliance, get the hell out here!” When Lord Revelation saw
that Patriarch Reliance was not in the meditation chamber, he raised
his head to the sky and let out a roar.
The roar vibrated the heavens, rippling outward until it filled the entire
State of Zhao.
“You get the hell out here!”
“Get the hell out here!”
“Get the hell out...”
“Get the hell...” Innumerable echoes could be heard, swirling together
to form a mighty sound of incomprehensible might.
Meng Hao’s body trembled as he looked out at the scene. In the
place where the East Mountain had once stood, was a giant hole.
Patriarch Reliance had been there just a few hours ago, but now he
wasn’t.
“Where is he...” thought Meng Hao, his face growing pale. At the
moment, he literally couldn’t move. The power of Lord Revelation’s
voice suppressed everything. Anyone whose Cultivation base was
lower than Lord Revelations could do nothing more that struggle to
stand up against it.
The power seemed to contain elements of the Heavens, as if Lord
Revelation’s will controlled everything.
“This is not Nascent Soul stage, this is Spirit Severing stage!!”
SOOYOuNA | 512
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

“It’s definitely Spirit Severing, otherwise this will could not be present!”
The three Pseudo Nascent Core Patriarchs of the three great Sects
appeared even more shocked.
“Patriarch Reliance, you won’t show your face? I’ll destroy your only
Inner Sect disciple and wipe out the bloodline of your Sect forever! I’ll
level all of these mountains and melt the entire State of Zhao until
you appear!” He had already swept the State of Zhao with his
Spiritual Sense, but no matter how he searched, he couldn’t find
Patriarch Reliance.
And yet on his way here, he had clearly divined that Patriarch
Reliance... was within the State of Zhao.
A cold look glowed in Lord Revelation’s eyes. This was his true self,
here to battle with Patriarch Reliance. And yet, Patriarch Reliance
was hiding. Powerful killing intent emanated from Lord Revelation.
There was a wealth of methods he could use to force Patriarch
Reliance to show himself, including killing his Inner Sect disciple and
levelling the mountains. If exterminating the State of Zhao didn’t draw
him out, he could literally melt the entire nation.
Lord Revelation had long since caught sight of the oil lamp in Meng
Hao’s hands. He looked down, his gaze sweeping the land once
again. He lifted his hand, then waved it downward a second time.
This time light poured from his eyes, and the slit on his forehead
opened up to the width of a finger. The blood red light poured out,
and as his hand descended, the mountains for tens of thousands of
miles in all directions began to rock and sway. In the sky above the
quaking mountains, appeared... an enormous hand!
At first it didn’t seem very large, but amidst thunderous rumblings, it
grew larger and larger, until it seemed as if it covered the mountains
for tens of thousands of kilometres in all directions. The earth
trembled, and the faces of the three Pseudo Nascent Soul Patriarchs

were filled with shock. They fled at the fastest speed they could
muster.
The Foundation Establishment Cultivator from the Cold Wind Sect
looked pale. He bit the tip of his tongue, sacrificing some of his
Cultivation base as he transforming into a prismatic beam of light and
fled off into the distance.
As for Meng Hao, his Cultivation base was the weakest. He couldn’t
even move. The oil lamp flew out of his hands, racing toward the
giant palm. The cross-legged Nascent Soul inside opened its eyes,
and then radiated a glow similar to that emitted by Lord Revelation.
Meng Hao could only watch wide-eyed as the hand in the sky grew
bigger and bigger. It covered everything, until it was the only thing
visible in the entire sky.
SOOYOuNA | 513
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Everything for tens of thousands of kilometers grew black. The hand
covered everything. And then, it began to descend. The earth began
to quake. Mountains buckled and collapsed. As the hand fell toward
him, Meng Hao felt as if doomsday had arrived.
A bitter look appeared on his face as he stood there silently. There
was no fear or dread in his eyes. He let out a soft sigh.
“Is everything going to end? I just... I can’t accept it.” Stubbornness
filled his eyes, a flicker which turned into a roaring flame.
“In the Cultivation world, the weak are the prey of the strong. The
Cultivation base is everything. Only by becoming powerful can you
continue on living. Only by increasing your strength can you prevent
yourself from being crushed beneath the feet of others. Only then can
you stand high in the sky.” Meng Hao suddenly smiled. His smile was

filled with deep understanding. His will carried the deep desire to
become powerful. Now, in the face of such imminent danger, he truly
understood himself.
“The sages said, learning is the most important thing in the life. But in
the Cultivation world, only the powerful can remain undefeated!”
Meng Hao stared up at the descending hand. He would watch as it
landed onto his body, crushing him into the ground. He would not
close his eyes. He would watch everything. He would imprint this
vision onto his spirit. When he was reincarnated, it would still be
there. If there really was a next life... he would become powerful and
invincible then!
As the hand continued to plummet, the mountains around him
crumbled. Everything started to grow blurry, and blackness filled
Meng Hao’s eyes. It was as if at this moment, heaven and earth
viewed him as nothing more than a bug. He didn’t struggle in the
least bit.
“If there is an afterlife, I will never allow something like this to happen
again!”
Amidst the deafening roaring, Meng Hao stood there, trembling.
Blood seeped out of his orifices, and his bones made cracking
sounds. Within moments, he would be reduced to nothing more than
a pool of blood.
It was at this moment that, all of a sudden, a dark red light appeared.
Glowing brightly, it shot toward the hand at high speed, speeding out
from a location far away from Meng Hao’s vision.
The blood-red glow seemed to be formed from the dregs of blood
refined over innumerable years. A powerful Demonic aura poured
out, filling the heavens.
The Demonic aura was so thick that it seemed to be able to change
the color of heaven and earth. In the blink of an eye, everything

turned the color of blood!
SOOYOuNA | 514
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The bloody glow approached, speeding toward the massive hand that
Lord Revelation had summoned. And then it severed it!
The severing sent a bloody glow high into the Heavens!
This severing was powerful enough to rend all creation.
This severing seemed strong enough to split heaven and earth into
two. And even if it wasn’t actually that powerful, it had the will to
attempt to!
Sever the Dao, change heaven and earth, Demonic will!
This person... was not Patriarch Reliance!
SOOYOuNA | 515
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 94: YOU REALLY WANT ME TO COME OUT?
An incredible roaring boom sounded out from the massive hand as
the glowing red beam sliced through it. Starting in the space between
the middle and ring finger of the hand, a massive gash appeared,
cutting it completely in half.
One slash, and the hand was severed.
“You!!!” cried Lord Revelation. His face flickered, and he lifted his
head, his eyes flashing.

A thunderous boom rolled across the land. The giant hand, tens of
thousands of kilometers wide, had moments ago blotted out Meng
Hao’s vision, covering the entire land. But in the blink of an eye, a
gap appeared, and Meng Hao could suddenly see the sky.
The hand split apart into two halves, each of which slammed into the
ground on either side of Meng Hao.
The ground trembled and began to sink down. The mountains were
crushed. All the wild creatures in the area, unable to flee, were
instantly transformed to ash.
The Cold Wind Sect Foundation Establishment Cultivator, despite
having spared no effort in his attempt to flee, could not possibly
escape in such a short time. He was smashed to death into the
ground.
The Cultivation bases of the three Pseudo Nascent Soul Patriarchs
were anything but ordinary.
Furthermore, Lord Revelation was not targeting them with his attack.
They also sacrificed elements of their Cultivation bases to flee.
Coughing up seven or eight mouthfuls of blood each, they just
managed to reach the edge of the giant hand. Behind them, the earth
seemed to have turned into a violently churning sea. As the hand
disappeared, they mutely looked back at the scene.
Previously, the Reliance Sect had been surrounded by endless
mountain chains. As of now, the only thing that remained was a
massive recess in the ground. Its shape was that of a giant hand.
However, the handprint was not complete. Splitting it down the middle
was a jagged section of earth jutting up into the sky like a mountain!
SOOYOuNA | 516
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

On top of the mountain stood Meng Hao. Beneath him was a stretch
of earth about three hundred meters wide. It created a jagged path,
on either side of which was a massive hole that sunk down deep into
the earth.
Originally, this mountain should not have been here, but there it
was... the only thing left.
A strange expression filled Meng Hao’s eyes as he looked up into the
sky. He didn’t know who had saved him, and he didn’t stop to think
about it. Immediately, a flying sword appeared under his feet, and he
sped off into the distance, his body turning into a multicolored beam
of light as he shot toward the edge of the massive handprint.
“I never thought the illustrious Demon Lord of the Southern Domain
would show up in the tiny State of Zhao.” Lord Revelation’s face was
dark as he flicked his sleeve. His voice echoed out like thunder in all
directions. “But you’re only a clone! Your true self is suppressed and
incapable of coming here to stop me from exterminating Patriarch
Reliance!”
There was no response. It was almost as if the blood-red severing
glow hadn’t appeared at all.
“Patriarch Reliance, get the hell out here!”
“Get the hell out here!”
“Get the hell out here!!” As his voice boomed out, Lord Revelation
lifted his right hand and slapped the Revelation Bell. Its booming filled
the sky, echoing out across the land, sweeping Lord Revelation’s
voice along with it.
Countless tall mountains throughout the State of Zhao began to crack
and crumble as a voice filled with profound ancientness filled the air.
It was impossible to tell where the voice came from, but it filled the
entire nation.

“You... really want me to come out?” As soon as he heard the voice,
Meng Hao’s eyes narrowed.
It was Patriarch Reliance’s voice. And yet, something about it
sounded different. It seemed less unreasonable and more dignified.
More ancient.
“So, you finally speak,” said Lord Revelation, his eyes glittering.
“Patriarch Reliance, quit hiding. We have a score to settle from a
thousand years ago. Even if you succeeded in your Spirit Severing,
you should not have dared to take my clone’s Nascent Soul! Today,
we battle, and in the end, I will remain, and you will not!” He flicked
the Revelation Bell, and it sounded out with a boom and began to
emit a blinding light. The light enveloped Lord Revelation, and he
began to glow brightly.
SOOYOuNA | 517
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
As for this battle, it must be won. He had already determined
Patriarch Reliance’s true level.
Lord Revelation had already completed the Second Spirit Severing,
and with that power, he could exterminate Patriarch Reliance.
As for this battle, he had complete confidence. He had thrown caution
to the wind and come here as his true self. A Demon Lord had
appeared and used a bit of remarkable magic, but that didn’t scare
him in the least.
As for this battle, there was not the slightest chance he could lose. He
had brought the Revelation Bell, which had absorbed countless
prayers and sacrifices from the State of Revelation. It was sentient
already, his most valuable treasure. With this bell, even if he faced
someone of the Third Severing, he would still be able to achieve

victory. In addition to this, the Dawn Immortal had gifted him with a
portion of his Spiritual Sense.
Everything was quiet for a long moment. Then, Patriarch Reliance’s
voice could be heard again, filled with profound ancientness.
“Back then... I only cared about the Milky Way Sea.” The voice was
filled with a strange tone. It echoed out, seemingly filled with the
ability to last through the ages. It echoed out across the entirety of the
State of Zhao. The land began to quake.
This quaking filled the entire State of Zhao. Even the mortals could
feel it. Meng Hao ducked his head and shot forward even faster.
“I don’t know how many years passed, nor how many times I
slumbered and awoke. Finally, a day arrived in which I woke up to
find myself facing a through and through bastard who should have
died a thousand, no, ten thousand deaths!” From his tone of voice, he
seemed to be getting upset. The last few words were spoken as if
through clenched teeth.
As he spoke, the trembling across the State of Zhao grew more
intense. Mountains and boulders trembled, tall buildings rocked back
and forth. Within the three Great Sects, the remaining Cultivators
looked around in shock.
The situation was the same in Milky Way City.
Meng Hao’s mind spun. He was wondering which bastard Patriarch
Reliance was referring to.
“That damned bastard couldn’t possibly defeat me. He brought a
bunch of other bastards with him, and we fought back and forth for
years. In the end, they deceived me. They made a lot of promises to
me, convinced me to leave the Milky Way Sea and come to the
Southern Domain....” Patriarch Reliance seemed to be growing
angrier and angrier. As he spoke, the land of the State of Zhao shook

even harder. In the northern part of the nation, a thunderous roar
SOOYOuNA | 518
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
sounded up into the Heavens. A massive crack appeared in the land,
millions of miles long, and growing longer!
If you could stand far up in the sky and look down, you would be able
to see that this massive crack was not a straight line, but a curving
arc.
“When I got to the Southern Domain, the bastards tricked me. They
fed me a bunch of random things that ended up placing me
underneath an invisible seal!! They promised me that a few years
later, they would give me some kind of special blessing of good
fortune. But later, the damned bastards all died or disappeared.
Finally, there was only the original one left. When I was asleep, he
sneaked off to another planet. He left me with a Demon Sealing Jade,
which I was supposed to give to a successor. In reality, those
bastards were just afraid of Heavenly tribulation, and wanted to use
me to fight against it!” Patriarch Reliance seemed to be gnashing his
teeth. The sound reverberated across the land. A huge crack
appeared in the eastern region of the State of Zhao, accompanied by
a thunderous roar. The shape of the crack was a massive semi-circle.
Seeing all of this happen, Lord Revelation’s face changed. He
appeared to be growing a bit apprehensive.
Meng Hao took in a breath, thinking of the Demon Sealing Jade that
he had.
“The bastards didn’t keep their promise. They tricked me! I was
enraged, and even though I slumbered, I still managed to squeeze
out a bit of Spiritual will. It was weak, and constrained by the laws of
the Dao of the Heavens, so it was incarnated into the body of a

mortal. It started from scratch, practicing Cultivation. Because they
tricked me, I decided to sever their legacy!
I changed the name of the Demon Sealing Sect to the Reliance Sect.
From then on, my Spiritual will called itself Patriarch Reliance!” As his
voice boomed out, Meng Hao’s eyes suddenly grew wide. He looked
back at the land of the State of Zhao behind him. It seethed like an
ocean, under the echoes of Patriarch Reliance’s words.
When Lord Revelation heard the words, his expression changed to
one of shock. Without even thinking about it, he began to move
backwards. Another crashing boom rolled out across the State of
Zhao, and a massive crack appeared in the south. At the same time,
in the east, a fourth arcing crack appeared, accompanied by a
thunderous bang. The four massive cracks split out to meet each
other, surrounding the entire State of Zhao in a massive circle.
The entirety of the State of Zhao was contained in this enormous
circle which suddenly... began to rise into the air. Black soil was
revealed, and a fierce gale wind blew in all directions. Massive
amounts of soil crumbled off the edges.
As it rose up, the land quaked and clouds roiled in the sky. Lord
Revelation’s face was pale, his eyes filled with shock.
SOOYOuNA | 519
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The ground rumbled as it rose higher and higher into the air. Three
thousand meters, fifteen thousand, thirty thousand. It rose so high
that it was impossible to describe.
The land rose up, and Meng Hao was still on it. He felt as if he were
approaching the Heavens.

The land contained the cities of the mortals, the three great Sects,
Milky Way city, and countless lives!
The entire State of Zhao was being lifted up, rising away from the
earth, away from the Southern Domain. Beneath it was a massive,
enormous hole in the ground!
The hole was, of course, the same size as the entire State of Zhao!
Standing above the hole was a vicious-looking turtle, as large as the
entire State of Zhao, its body covered with countless black spikes!! It
looked just like the mythical Xuan Wu black turtle!!
Earth covered the turtle’s massive shell, as if the shell were being
held in place by the land. The earth was none other than... the State
of Zhao.
A colossal head slowly emerged from the turtle’s shell. The head was
roughly one tenth the size of the entire State of Zhao. Its skin was
black, and covered with creases. Earth crumbled off from the head as
it raised up. Its massive eyes turned to look down on Lord Revelation
who stood there panting, as tiny as an insect, his face pale, his body
quivering, a look of disbelief on his face.
“You called me out. Shall we fight?”
SOOYOuNA | 520
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 95: A RAIN SHOWER, A COLD SPELL
Meng Hao stared dumbly, his mind reeling. All the fantastic and
bizarre things he had seen in his life couldn’t compare to the shocking
sight in front of him. His mind was blank, as if he had lost his ability to
even think. He could only stand there and look numbly.

Patriarch Reliance was actually... a mind-bogglingly enormous black
turtle!
And the State of Zhao existed on the earth upon his back!!
He himself had lived on Patriarch Reliance’s back for these twenty
years. No wonder he was called Patriarch Reliance. He was relied
upon not just by a single person, but by an entire nation! Cultivators
and mortals alike relied on him!
After Patriarch Reliance had been sealed, he began to slumber. Yet
he still managed to force out a tiny bit of his will, which then
attempted to destroy the legacy of the Demon Sealing Sect.
Now it made sense why the Reliance Sect had formerly been called
the Demon Sealing Sect, although few people even knew that
nowadays. And no wonder the Reliance Sect was called an evil Sect
and had such brutal, internecine struggles.
The body containing the sliver of his will practiced Cultivation until
reaching the Spirit Severing stage, but as for his actual body... how
powerful was it, exactly?!
There were still many things Meng Hao didn’t understand. For
example, if Patriarch Reliance was so powerful, why hadn’t he been
able to save himself from the very beginning? If Meng Hao hadn’t
appeared, would he have died? Considering how powerful his actual
body was, why did he need to absorb the power of those Cultivators?
Lifted up along with the land containing the State of Zhao, the three
Pseudo Nascent Soul Cultivators stared in shock as all of this
happened. Their minds spun and expressions of astonishment
covered their faces. They were even incapable of feeling fear. They
could only stare blankly. They could scarcely even believe what they
saw.

Lord Revelation was also struck speechless as he looked up at the
massive head. It was immeasurably larger than he himself; in fact, it
was so large that you couldn’t even see from one end of it to another.
Fear began to shine out from his eyes; how could he possibly have
imagined that the Patriarch Reliance he had cursed and challenged
to fight... would be like this?
SOOYOuNA | 521
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
As Patriarch Reliance’s voice echoed out, his words stabbed into
Lord Revelation’s ears, causing his body to tremble and his scalp to
go numb. He was sapped of any and all will to fight.
Patriarch Reliance didn’t need to strike out. Now that he had truly
appeared, he casually exuded a bit of pressure onto Lord Revelation,
causing his body to tremble. Lord Revelation’s blood seemed as if it
would stop flowing. The Dao enlightenment he had acquired with his
Spirit Severing collapsed. He was as weak as a bug. Patriarch
Reliance could crush him with a single breath.
The terrifying pressure exuded by the head caused Lord Revelation’s
mouth to go dry. Despite his extraordinary Cultivation base, cold
sweat broke out across his body. The Revelation Bell next to him
didn’t give him the slightest sense of comfort. Even the Spiritual
Sense imparted by the Dawn Immortal didn’t give him the slightest
sense of safety.
Now he understood why Patriarch Reliance hadn’t paid the slightest
bit attention when he mentioned the Dawn Immortal. Of course he
wouldn’t, considering his extraordinary actual body.
And now he knew why Patriarch Reliance didn’t fear the Dawn
Immortal....

Even more astonishing was that in his recollection, according to all of
the ancient texts he had studied, the State of Zhao had existed for a
very, very long time. This made him even more frightened. Which had
existed first... Patriarch Reliance, or the State of Zhao?!
If it were the latter, that would be easier to accept. If it were the
former.... Thinking of this, Lord Revelation began to tremble so
violently he felt as if his skin might explode.
“Well, shall we fight?” The words echoed out Patriarch Reliance, each
one of them rumbling like thunder. The thunderous booming caused
Lord Revelation to be hurled backward several thousand meters.
Blood showered from his mouth. The bell seemed completely
ordinary now; it was covered with vast amounts of cracks and
fractures.
“No... there’s no need to fight,” said Lord Revelation hastily, his face
pale. “Just now, I of the junior generation was simply joking.
Patriarch... Sir... please don’t take offense....” Patriarch Reliance’s
two enormous eyes stared directly at him, and he trembled.
“Without your two palm strikes, I wouldn’t have been able to come
out. Those damned bastards sealed me many years ago; the seal
has been growing weaker recently. But to break through it, I needed
to recover my Cultivation base a bit more. But then in the midst of it
all, someone released the power of the Spirit Severing stage. That
knocked the seal even looser, and finally I was able to break out!” His
voice boomed out in all directions. When Meng Hao heard the words,
his body trembled.
SOOYOuNA | 522
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Originally, I planned to use my sliver of will to break the seal. But
mortal Cultivation and I don’t quite agree. Even with my knowledge of
the Sublime Spirit Scripture, I couldn’t break through to the next level

of Spirit Severing. Just when I was about to make the final
breakthrough, I got cheated by a hateful little bastard. Dammit,
everyone from the Demon Sealing Sect is a bastard! Stealing the
spiritual energy I needed to break the seal, robbing me of my
demonic lamp....” He let out a roar. Meng Hao wanted to flee; he
knew exactly who Patriarch Reliance was talking about.
“You did well, very well. Luckily you attacked, helping break my seal. I
need to repay you.”
Hearing Patriarch Reliance’s words, Lord Revelation gaped in shock.
Then his expression changed to one of wild joy. How could he have
imagined that he would score a lucky break?
He had gotten lucky after all! Even as he clasped his hands in
respect, Patriarch Reliance opened his mouth, and with blinding
speed, snapped him up.
Lord Revelation and his Revelation Bell were swallowed down in an
instant!
Crunching sounds emanated from Patriarch Reliance’s mouth, but no
blood-curdling scream.
When Meng Hao saw this, he began to breathe harder. He was all too
familiar with Patriarch Reliance’s unreasonableness. He
unconsciously retreated backward. Suddenly, Patriarch Reliance’s
head swung around to face Meng Hao. It came to stop several
hundred meters in front of him, staring at him.
Meng Hao squeezed out a smile. He didn’t necessarily believe
everything that Patriarch Reliance had said to Lord Revelation, but
neither did he disbelieve. From his experience, most of what the
Patriarch said wasn’t true.
“Congratulations on emerging from seclusion, Patriarch. Your might is
all-encompassing.

You...”
“Now that you know the truth, are you frightened?” Patriarch
Reliance’s voice rolled out like thunder, and he glared at Meng Hao.
The sound of his voice was so loud it was almost deafening. He
coughed up some blood.
“You Demon Sealing Sect people are all bastards,” said Patriarch
Reliance slowly, staring at Meng Hao. “Those old bastards were like
this, and you’re the same, kid. You all cheated me. Oh well, forget it.
You’re a member of the Reliance Sect, after all. Allow me to bless you
with...” As Patriarch Reliance spoke, Meng Hao’s scalp began to grow
numb. He thought of what had just happened with Lord Revelation,
and his mind began to race as he tried to think of what to do.
Suddenly, a spark of inspiration hit him as he remembered
something.
SOOYOuNA | 523
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He remembered what the young girl Guyiding Tri-rain had said to him
at the North Sea.
“Big Brother, its aura... is beneath your feet. Don’t provoke it.
Remember... the great path of Demon Sealing, a concept like a
scripture.”
At that time, Meng Hao hadn’t understood her words, but all of a
sudden, now he did. The “it”
beneath his feet... was none other than Patriarch Reliance!
Don’t provoke it. Remember... the great path of Demon Sealing, a
concept like a scripture.

“The great path of Demon Sealing, a concept like a scripture. Don’t
provoke it....” Meng Hao’s mind flashed like lightning. Even as this
happened, Patriarch Reliance finished speaking.
“...bless you with some good fortune. I need to repay you!”
The instant he finished speaking, Meng Hao lifted his hand and
slapped his bag of holding.
Instantly, the Demon Sealing Jade appeared in his hand.
When it appeared, a strong wind buffeted his face. The wind faded,
and when it did, Patriarch Reliance’s head was less than nine meters
away from him.
The ends of the colossal head couldn’t even be seen. The only thing
Meng Hao could see was black skin and a massive eye the size of a
huge city.
The eye seemed to be struggling.
“Ancient Dao,” said Meng Hao hurriedly, reciting the first line from the
Demon Sealing Jade.
“Tenacious Desire to Seal the Heavens; Benefaction for All in the
Mountains; Inevitable Dao Tribulation of the Nine Mountains and
Seas; Perennial Will!”
As the words left Meng Hao’s mouth, Patriarch Reliance lifted his
colossal head up and let out a massive roar. As it billowed out, ripples
appeared in the air to accompany it. A nine-sided mystical symbol
suddenly appeared on Patriarch Reliance’s forehead. It appeared to
be ancient and archaic, and deeply imbedded into his forehead. It
flickered, and his body shook.
“Stop! Damned Demon Sealing Scripture and damned Demon
Sealing Sect!!” A ferocious expression appeared on his face and he

let out another heaven-shaking roar, then stared at Meng Hao. Meng
Hao’s heart pounded as he looked back at Patriarch Reliance.
SOOYOuNA | 524
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Those bastards were too malignant,” thought Patriarch Reliance.
“The seal is broken, but the sealing mark is still branded onto my
spirit, forcing me to be the Dao protector of the ninth Demon Sealer.
This cannot be! The Demon Sealing Sect has committed crimes
against the Heavens, and was plagued by misfortune. They
understood that the number nine is a preeminent, sacred number
according to the Dao of the Heavens. They knew that the greatest
opposition from the Heavens would come upon the ninth Demon
Sealer. Therefore, they took precautions. They wanted me to be the
Dao protector for the ninth Demon Sealer. But this trifling kid is of the
Qi Condensation stage! How could he possibly act as my master?
Those damned bastards! I changed the name from Demon Sealing
Sect to Reliance Sect and created rules to pit all the disciples against
each other, all in the hopes of preventing someone like Meng Hao
from appearing!”
A mist began to seep out from the North Sea, which of course was
part of the lands of the State of Zhao that rested on Patriarch
Reliance’s back. Within the mist, a boat magically appeared.
An old man and a young girl stood at the prow of the boat, looking up
at Patriarch Reliance.
They clasped hands and bowed to him with utmost respect.
“Guyiding Tri-rain pays respects to Patriarch,” said the young girl. Her
voice, clear and melodious, echoed out with a light and spiritual tone.
“Ah, you’re the sentient rain that fell in the third month of the Yiding
year of the ancient Gu calendar. You fell onto my back... and became

a lake.”
The young girl smiled and nodded. Then she looked toward Meng
Hao and winked.
Meng Hao took a deep breath. Now he finally understood the
meaning of the girl’s strange name.
Patriarch Reliance let out a cold snort. He looked at the little girl and
then stared off into the sky. Meng Hao followed his gaze and caught
sight of what appeared to be an indistinct blood-colored figure.
The figure clasped hands and bowed in respect to Patriarch Reliance,
then disappeared.
Patriarch Reliance lowered his head once more and looked at Meng
Hao. “Very well, Meng Hao. In the future, keep your distance from
me!” He blew a breath out of his mouth, causing Meng Hao to fly up
into the air. Buffeted by a glowing black wind, Meng Hao was tossed
out of the State of Zhao to land on the edge of the massive hole in
the earth.
“Son of a bitch! I can’t even look at him. In my life, I’ll never recognize
him as my master. I’m out of here. The further away the better. He’ll
never find me. As for the treasures of mine that he took, fine,
consider them payment. All of our debts are settled. In this way, my
heart can rest at ease and I can continue to practice Cultivation.” His
eyes flickered, and then his body SOOYOuNA | 525
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
turned. Meng Hao watched as the colossal turtle, carrying the State
of Zhao on his back, transformed into a massive beam of prismatic
light... and then disappeared over the horizon.
He appeared to be heading in the direction of the Milky Way Sea.
Perhaps this was why legends arose of an island of Immortals. If one

searched for it, it could never be found. But when it appeared, anyone
who stepped foot on it would find that it was a nation inhabited by
mortals.
It was, of course, the State of Zhao.
Some time passed, and eventually the skies grew calm once again.
Meng Hao stood there looking down at the deep, gaping hole. Then
he looked off silently in the direction in which Patriarch Reliance had
disappeared.
Time passed, and rain began to fall. It fell with urgency, slowly flowing
down into the massive pit left by the State of Zhao. Many years later,
this area would turn into a sea.
Standing amidst the sheets of falling rain, Meng Hao let out a long
sigh. Images from the past several days flashed through his mind. It
all seemed virtually inconceivable. Thinking upon it all, it seemed a
dream-like fantasy.
The State of Zhao was gone.... Meng Hao looked around at the rain,
then up into the hazy sky.
He contemplated his life during the past four years.
“I started out as a scholar...” he murmured. “My life is like snow. I can
only exist in winter. I can yearn for the summer of the mortal world,
but that is not my life anymore....” After a long time passed, he
turned. Surrounded by the falling rain, he once again began to trod a
road which led away from his roots.
He struck a lonely figure amidst the rain. Eventually, he seemed to
merge into it. Even if a hot wind blew over him, it would do nothing to
disperse him. Because this was his life.
Life is comprised of one experience after another. Or, you could say
that life is comprised of many experiences. Different experiences lead

to different lives; if you experience a cold bitter wind, you will become
snow. If you experience scorching heat, you will become rain....
Whatever you experience in life will shape the person you are. That is
what makes life wonderful.
“Southern Domain, here I come! Although, before I get there, I must
reach Foundation Establishment!” As he walked through the rain, he
lifted up his head, and his eyes glittered brilliantly.
SOOYOuNA | 526
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He would never forget the stubborn desire to achieve power that he
had experienced underneath the descent of Lord Revelation’s palm
attack. In this world, only the powerful can be invincible.
“Wait a minute, where did that blood-colored glow come from...?”
With questions circling in his mind, Meng Hao disappeared into the
distance.
SOOYOuNA | 527

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Xu Qing
SOOYOuNA | 1

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS
AUTHOR: 耳根 (ER GEN)
ARTIST: MOMO
PUBLISHER: QIDIAN

TRANSLATOR: DEATHBLADE (WUXIAWORLD)
COMPILER: SOOYOUNA
SOOYOuNA | 2

Document Outline
Chapter 1: Scholar Meng Hao
Chapter 2: The Reliance Sect
Chapter 3: Promotion to the Outer Sect
Chapter 4: A Copper Mirror
Chapter 5: This Kid isn’t Bad!
Chapter 6: The Delights of the Copper Mirror
Chapter 7: I Need Spirit Stones!
Chapter 8: Zhao Wugang
Chapter 9: Patience and Frustration
Chapter 10: Wang Tengfei
Chapter 11: Pill Cultivation Workshop Outlet
Chapter 12: Hello, Elder Sister Xu
Chapter 13: Manly Cao Yang
Chapter 14: Threats
Chapter 15: Decisive Attack
Chapter 16: Come!
Chapter 17: I Shall Rely on Myself
Chapter 18: Fatty of the Outer Sect
Chapter 19: The Wind Stirs Again
Chapter 20: Entering the Black Mountain
Chapter 21: Meng Hao, You’re Shameless!
Chapter 22: A Sword Resting in Demonic Python Skin
Chapter 23: An Ancient Beast
Chapter 24: Who Was It?!
Chapter 25: Sovereign of Heaven
Chapter 26: Bewilderment
Chapter 27: The Wind Stirs Again
Chapter 28: Shangguan Xiu
Chapter 29: Inner Sect Training
Chapter 30: Kill Han Zong, Battle Wang Tengfei!
Chapter 31: Fight!
Chapter 32: This Finger Brought me Humiliation, Today, I Cripple
it!

Chapter 33: Is This Sword Yours Too?
Chapter 34: Fame from 1,000 Years Ago!
Chapter 35: I’m Not Willing!
Chapter 36: The Perks of the Inner Sect
Chapter 37: Water and Ink in the Evening
Chapter 38: Qi Condensation Manual of the Sublime Spirit
Scripture
Chapter 39: Patriarch Reliance!
Chapter 40: Sublime Spirit Scripture
Chapter 41: A Sensation in the State of Zhao!
Chapter 42: Who Dares to Touch Him!?
Chapter 43: The Sole Heir
Chapter 44: The North Sea Reveals the Dao
Chapter 45: A Look Back at the Mortal World After Three Years
Chapter 46: Three Long Spears
Chapter 47: Another Encounter with Shangguan Xiu
Chapter 48: Eccentric Song and Wu Dingqiu [1]
Chapter 49: Mountain of Trial by Fire
Chapter 50: Iron Spear
Chapter 51: My Treasure Mountain...
Chapter 52: Bumper Crop
Chapter 53: How Will You Repay Me?
Chapter 54: An Old Friend from the Sect
Chapter 55: Overbearing
Chapter 56: Elder Brother Meng, Whether or not You Want to
Trade, You Will!
Chapter 57: Was it Worth it?
Chapter 58: This is not its World
Chapter 59: Unable to see Chang’an
Chapter 60: Undispellable Death Qi
Chapter 61: A Shocking Event in the Southern Domain
Chapter 62: One Wave Settles Down
Chapter 63: Another Wave Rises Up!
Chapter 64: A Massacre Cause by a Silver Spear
Chapter 65: Battle at the North Sea
Chapter 66: A Great Kindness!

Chapter 67: The Death of Ding Xin
Chapter 68: Milky Way City
Chapter 69: Young Lord Ding
Chapter 70: Breaking Through to the Ninth Level of Qi
Condensation!
Chapter 71: Dong Hu
Chapter 72: A True Man
Chapter 73: Fierce Fighting
Chapter 74: Not Past One Hundred Years
Chapter 75: An Ancient Path Appears Again!
Chapter 76: Beyond Flawlessness
Chapter 77: Lord Revelation
Chapter 78: No Choice but to Believe!
Chapter 79: Kill!
Chapter 80: Meng Hao’s Schemes
Chapter 81: The Patriarch’s Immortal’s Cave
Chapter 82: The Great Art of Demonic Life
Chapter 83: Patriarch, What About Disciple’s Poison...?
Chapter 84: Meng Hao, What Are You Doing?
Chapter 85: Ancient Demon Sealing Jade
Chapter 86: A Demonic Lamp that Separates Heaven and Earth!
Chapter 87: I Shall Reach the Peak of the Thirteenth Level of Qi
Concentration!
Chapter 88: Lord Revelation’s True Self
Chapter 89: Guyiding Tri-Rain [1]
Chapter 90: The Great Path of Demon Sealing, a Concept Like a
Scripture
Chapter 91: What Goes Around Comes Around
Chapter 92: Exterminate Foundation Establishment!
Chapter 93: Sever the Dao, Change Heaven and Earth, Demonic
Will!
Chapter 94: You Really Want Me To Come Out?
Chapter 95: A Rain Shower, a Cold Spell

