
“In the Cultivation world, it is possible to achieve the so-called...
Perfect Foundation!” Meng Hao gasped.
On the surface of the turtle shell were two medicinal pill recipes. One
was for a Perfect Foundation Pill, the other was for a Perfect Gold
Core Pill.
“The turtle shell spells it out clearly. The Foundation Establishment
stage doesn’t just have three types, the Flawless, Cracked and
Fractured. There is a fourth type, the Perfect Foundation. It’s
extremely rare, being seen only one ten thousand cases....” Meng
Hao breathed rapidly, staring down at the turtle shell and thinking
back to what Shangguan Xiu had said before he died. Now he
understood his opponent’s regret at being forced to ascend to
Foundation Establishment after being poisoned. And now he
understood the raging hatred in Shangguan Xiu’s eyes.
Meng Hao contemplated things silently. He had read a lot about
Foundation Establishment back in the Magic Pavilion of the Reliance
Sect.
In Foundation Establishment, Dao pillars would come to being within
the Core Lake. Because Foundation Establishment increased one’s
longevity, it was categorized as stealing good fortune and defying the
Heavens. As a result, the Dao pillars could never be perfect, but
would always contain cracks. This was in accordance with the Dao of
the Heavens. It could be summed up in the expression, “you get
some, you lose some” or perhaps “when something comes in,
something goes out.” It was part of the cycle of heaven and earth,
and was permitted to exist.
Foundation Establishment consisted of early, mid and late substages. In total, nine Dao pillars would appear. If each pillar had one
crack, it meant a total of nine cracks would appear. This is what is
referred to as a Flawless Foundation. A Flawless Foundation
contained the least amount of cracks, and leaked the least amount of
spiritual energy. After long periods of breathing exercises, the body

would become incredibly powerful, much more so than other
Foundations.
In the modern Cultivation world, this was the most powerful
Foundation type. The special methods to achieve it could only be
found amidst the clues in the great classic scriptures, for example the
Qi Condensation manual of the Sublime Spirit Scripture. Such secrets
could lead to horrific bloodbaths. In fact... that was why the Reliance
Sect had been disbanded.
SOOYOuNA | 422
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Without such a scripture, the only way to have a chance at
establishing a Flawless Foundation was to have incredible latent
talent or outstanding good fortune. Most often, it was a Chosen who
could piece together the clues to do so.
If an additional crack appeared on each of the Dao Pillars, this was
called a Cracked Foundation. Although this type of Foundation was
weaker than a Flawless Foundation, it could not be looked down
upon. Usually, only disciples of the great Sects were able to achieve
it.
Last, of course, was the Fractured Foundation. This was when, after
reaching late Foundation Establishment, more than eighteen cracks
existed on the Dao pillars, which is too much. This Foundation could
be considered nearly shattered. In terms of both Cultivation speed as
well as battle prowess, both were much weaker. With this type of
Foundation, the chances of forming a Core were much lower.
Meng Hao thought about all of this and then looked down at the turtle
shell. According to the description here, by concocting and
consuming a Perfect Foundation Pill, there was a high probability of
establishing a Perfect Foundation. In this case, no cracks whatsoever

would appear. This was a type of Cultivation that defied the Heavens,
and was a path that could not be returned from.
Because this Foundation was not permitted by the Heavens, it would
provoke Tribulation Lightning. True success required defiance of the
Heavens. In this respect, it was similar to the tenth level of Qi
Condensation.
“From what Shangguan Xiu said, it seems the tenth level of Qi
Condensation is not tolerated by the Heavens. Apparently,
establishing a Perfect Foundation is the same....”
“If you have a Fractured Foundation and then consume this pill, you
have a ten percent chance of establishing a Perfect Foundation. With
a Cracked Foundation, you have a thirty percent chance, and with a
Flawless Foundation, a sixty percent chance. The pill repairs the
cracks, enabling you to establish a Perfect Foundation. But... you
have to be particular about when you consume the pill. The sooner
you take it after Foundation Establishment, the better. If too much
time passes, the effectiveness will be reduced. And it takes two
months to concoct the Perfect Foundation Pill.” Meng Hao’s heart
raced as he sped along.
“No wonder Shangguan Xiu wanted to join the Reliance Sect... Just
like Wang Tengfei, he wanted a chance to get the Qi Condensation
Manual of the Sublime Spirit Scripture! After establishing a Flawless
Foundation, his chances would be much higher... It’s also no wonder
he disappeared on the day the Sect was disbanded. With secrets like
this on his person, he didn’t dare to show his face...” Meng Hao
clutched the turtle shell tightly in hand, continuing to race forward.
In addition to the turtle shell, Shangguan Xiu’s bag of holding also
contained a small pill furnace fashioned from translucent green
crystal, about the size of a hand. He also had large SOOYOuNA |
423
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

quantities of medicinal plants, all of them placed in jade boxes. There
were hundreds of different types.
Many of the medicinal plants were unfamiliar to Meng Hao, but
thankfully, there was also a jade slip in the bag of holding with
complete records regarding identification methods for all of the plants.
Perusing this, Meng Hao grew more and more excited.
SOOYOuNA | 424
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 77: LORD REVELATION
Although these medicinal plants were not heavenly material or earthly
treasures, they were still rare. Many Cultivators would spend decades
attempting to collect them.
And yet here in Shangguan Xiu’s bag of holding were hundreds.
There were also two medicinal pills placed inside of jade boxes, one
orange and one blue.
Obviously, they were extremely valuable.
“These plants are all materials needed to create a Perfect Foundation
Pill... As for these medicinal pills...” After examining them thoroughly,
he looked again at the turtle shell, eyes shining.
“Concocting the Perfect Foundation Pill requires seven minor pills.
These are two of those seven that Shangguan Xiu already
concocted.” Meng Hao understood things now, but was still a bit
shocked. Shangguan Xiu had spent fifty years collecting all of these
things together, and yet that was still not enough time for him, a
Cultivator of the Qi Condensation phase.
“And he was even backed by Milky Way City....”

Meng Hao felt that there were still things he didn’t quite understand,
though. In order to concoct the Perfect Foundation Pill, it seemed
Shangguan Xiu had secretly taken items from Patriarch Milky Way’s
treasure storehouse, as well as items accumulated over hundreds of
years by his clan. In addition, he had scoured the lands, all to collect
these items together.
And yet, he still lacked a few necessary medicinal materials. He had
one stem of a particularly rare plant, but required three. At long last,
Meng Hao understood the insanity with which Shangguan Xiu had
pursued him in his attempt to acquire the copper mirror.
In the end, he had delivered all his fortunes directly into Meng Hao’s
hands. If Shangguan Xiu had known this would happen, he never
would have caused problems for Meng Hao. But he had, and his fifty
years of preparations were irrevocably lost.
Meng Hao took a deep breath, placing the turtle shell and the
medicinal materials into the bag of holding, which he then placed,
along with his other bags of holding, into the bag of the Cosmos.
SOOYOuNA | 425
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He stood there in the forest and looked up at the sky. His eyes slowly
began to shine as he thought about the Perfect Foundation. His heart
pounded.
“After consuming the pill, Tribulation Lightning will fall. I shouldn’t
even be thinking about a Perfect Foundation right now. I can make a
decision about it after I reach Foundation Establishment. What I need
to think about now is the matter between the three great Sects and
Patriarch Reliance.” He closed his eyes and took a few breaths,
pushing down all the anxious thoughts. When he opened his eyes
again, they were calm.

“A year has already passed, and the time set by Patriarch Reliance
has arrived. He promised that if I could gather the experts of the State
of Zhao here, he would give me a handsome reward...” Meng Hao’s
eyes glittered.
“But to do such a thing would be very dangerous.” He frowned,
hesitating. “My Cultivation base is at the Qi Condensation stage. I
would be like an egg thrown up against rocks.”
“I probably shouldn’t get involved. After all, Patriarch Reliance said a
year later, but didn’t give a specific date. When my Cultivation base is
a bit higher, maybe after I reach Foundation Establishment, then I can
think about it. At that time I’ll be in a bit of a safer position.” He lifted
his head. Ever since the time Patriarch Reliance had suddenly
caused the three-colored spear to disappear, he had lost a little bit of
his faith in the Patriarch’s trustworthiness.
“However, because of the arrest warrant of the three great Sects,
their disciples are looking for me everywhere. If I get in a tight spot,
then I’ll just have to face the danger and lead them into the
Patriarch’s meditation zone.” Meng Hao raced on silently through the
wild mountains, his decision having been made.
But even as he raced forward, he suddenly felt a strange, jittery
sensation. His heart lurched, as if a giant, invisible hand had just
passed through his chest and squeezed his heart.
He suddenly felt as if all of the vegetation around him had eyes that
were staring at him coldly.
The feeling passed almost immediately. Even though the feeling was
no longer there, Meng Hao’s face was pale. He looked around.
Everything was silent, and nothing around him gave any clue as to
what had happened. Had it been his imagination?
“What was that?” he thought, hesitating. After a moment, though, his
eyes glittered, and he shot forward at top speed.

Meanwhile, somewhere very far away from Meng Hao but still in the
State of Zhao, an old man in a purplish blue robe sat cross-legged on
a mountain. His eyes were closed, but his right hand SOOYOuNA |
426
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
flickered as if he were performing an incantation. His eyes opened
slowly and he looked off into the distance.
“There you are,” he said coolly. “The three Sects wanted to hide you
from me. How laughable.”
He took a step forward, and then disappeared.
At the same moment, Liu Daoyun was speeding along. Meng Hao
had lost him, but he’d seen where Meng Hao had entered the
mountains. He had followed in pursuit, his face filled with incredible
hatred and murder.
His hatred for Meng Hao reached down his bones. The bloody
incident of the silver spear had turned him into the butt of all the jokes
of the State of Zhao and had nearly caused a war between two of the
great Sects. Even though the war had been averted, he had paid a
heavy price for his actions.
It nearly drove him insane to think about the day he had been brought
up before the Elders of the great Sects. He had been bound on the
Sealing Pole, then lashed with a Fire Whip over one hundred times.
Oh, the misery and pain!
The lashes had torn his skin and left the flesh gaping. The pain had
stabbed down into his bones. Even to this day, he would often wake
in the middle of the night, and every time he did, his desire to kill
Meng Hao grew stronger and stronger.

Unlike everyone else who was chasing Meng Hao, he did not plan to
capture him. He would kill him!
It might arouse the displeasure of his Sect, but he had already
decided to forsake them. At worst, he would flee the State of Zhao
after killing Meng Hao. The Southern Domain was large, and filled
with countries of Cultivators, especially in the center. As a Cultivator
of the ninth level of Qi Condensation, he would surely be able to find
somewhere willing to take him in.
Then one day he would come back to the State of Zhao and wipe out
the Cold Wind Sect. He would cleanse the pain of his lashing with
blood.
At the moment, he moved at top speed, using all the power he could
muster. He was determined to find Meng Hao and kill him before the
Sect’s Foundation Establishment experts and Core Formation
Patriarchs arrived.
“Meng Hao, you can try to run, but there’s nowhere to run to!” Liu
Daoyun’s killing intent soared. He was even more confident of being
able to kill Meng Hao when he thought of the astonishing treasure he
had borrowed.
SOOYOuNA | 427
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He stood on his crystalline sword as he entered the mountains. His
gaze swept back and forth.
Because he was of the ninth level of Qi Cultivation, and also an Inner
Sect disciple, he had a voice transmission jade slip, which he used to
inform all disciples in the area to notify him immediately if they saw
Meng Hao.

A short time passed. As he soared along in the air, Liu Daoyun
suddenly slapped his bag of holding, and a glowing jade slip
appeared in his hand. He pressed it against his forehead and then
laughed. He changed his course, shooting off toward the disciple who
had just contacted him.
Time passed enough for half an incense stick to burn. It was then that
Liu Daoyun caught sight of Meng Hao, moving forward on his
treasured fan. Yes, this was the man who had killed a Cold Wind Sect
disciple in one move by piercing his head.
At this same moment, Meng Hao looked back, and his cold eyes
caught sight of Liu Daoyun.
He frowned to himself. Ever since he had experienced the sensation
of an invisible hand squeezing his heart, he had felt that he was being
watched. Sure enough, after a while, he noticed that there were quite
a few Cultivators around from the three great Sects.
There was no way to avoid them. Even if he attacked and killed them
as quickly as possible, the word would surely spread via jade slips.
“Meng Hao!” shouted Liu Daoyun. His right hand flickered in an
incantation pattern, and immediately, the flying sword beneath his
feet issued a droning sound and shot toward Meng Hao.
“Let’s see you run away this time! I, Liu, will rip you to pieces today!
That is the only way I can resolve the hatred in my heart!” Liu
Daoyun’s eyes had grown red as soon as he caught sight of Meng
Hao, and his killing intent grew even fiercer.
Meng Hao’s eyes flashed, and he was about to continue on forward
when suddenly his mind trembled. A bit of Spiritual Sense still
remained, which caused Meng Hao to suddenly move backward.
Even as the flying sword approached him, a fierce wind arose,
sending the crystalline sword spinning away.

At the same time, an old man suddenly appeared. He wore a
purplish-blue robe, and had some age spots on his face, but his eyes
shined with a fear-inspiring might that could make one’s spirit tremble.
His eyes seemed to contain the sun, moon and stars, making it seem
as if you might be lost if you looked into them. A strange design was
stitched onto his blue robe; it appeared to be an altar, in the middle of
which was a solitary eye. This eye seemed to be filled with even more
woe than the old man’s eyes.
SOOYOuNA | 428
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Such strong grievances,” he said coolly, looking at Liu Daoyun.
When the old man spoke, the spiritual energy around Meng Hao
seemed to be thrown into chaos, and suddenly he felt as if he were
bound in place. Once again, he experienced the sensation of an
invisible hand clawing at his heart. His face flickered, and his heart
pounded.
When Liu Daoyun saw the old man, his face fell, and he immediately
took a few steps back and raised hands in a salute.
“I am Liu Daoyun of the junior generation. Greetings, Lord
Revelation.”
At the same moment that Liu Daoyun made his salute, six figures
appeared in the sky. They were quite some distance away, but in the
space of a single breath had arrived onto the scene.
When he saw the six people, Meng Hao’s heart sank. They were
familiar to him. These were the Core Formation Eccentrics of the
State of Zhao who had appeared on the day of the dissolution of the
Reliance Sect. One of them was a woman, who had left quite a deep
impression on Meng Hao.

Shortly after they arrived, the sky filled with droning streaks of light as
over ten people approached. They were not soaring, but actually
flying, sending out thunderous roars into the air. The nearby birds and
beasts quivered. As the people arrived, their eyes all came to fall on
Meng Hao.
His face grew grim as he looked around. He saw the irritable
Foundation Establishment Cultivator who had attempted to attack him
that day.
A powerful pressure was exerted on everything in the area. Liu
Daoyun’s face grew pale and he retreated backward several paces.
He glared at Meng Hao; his killing intent was hidden for the moment,
but the venom in his face was very clear.
Meng Hao’s heart sank; today there was nowhere to hide. After a
moment, his expression returned to normal. He took in a deep breath
and looked around at the experts of the State of Zhao. He said
nothing.
SOOYOuNA | 429
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 78: NO CHOICE BUT TO BELIEVE!
“Fellow Daoist Revelation truly deserves his reputation of being able
to make ingenious divinations,” said one of the Core Formation
Eccentrics from the three great Sects. He laughed.
“He arrived here even faster than us.”
“You three Sects didn’t notify me, so I was forced to divine things for
myself,” said Lord Revelation in a cool tone.
“Very well,” said one of the Cold Wind Sect Core Formation
Eccentrics. He wore a long black robe. “Now that the kid has been
found, it won’t be long before we can get into Patriarch Reliance’s

meditation zone. This matter has been going on for quite a while.
Even the great Sects in the Southern Domain are aware of what’s
going on.” His gaze had fallen onto Meng Hao, and he looked at him
expressionlessly, as if he were cricket.
The lot of them didn’t pay him any heed whatsoever as they spoke,
as if they knew that their words could decide his life or death. In fact,
their conversation would determine his fate.
Meng Hao said nothing. He knew that if he wanted to fight back
against their bullying, he would have to think of a method. His mind
spun as he analyzed the situation.
“Patriarch,” said Liu Daoyun, bowing with clasped hands toward one
of his Sect’s Core Formation Eccentrics. “This person has a treasured
spear hidden on his person.” He lifted his head and looked at Meng
Hao with a sneer, the venom written clearly on his face.
“So, the tiny Qi Condensation Cultivator turns out to be of the ninth
level....” said the black-robed Cultivator coolly, his face seemingly
permanently red. “No wonder he was able to throw the Cultivation
World of the State of Zhao into such chaos.” He lifted his hand toward
Meng Hao as if he were about to grab him.
“I am here, and so is the spear,” said Meng Hao suddenly, his eyes
flashing. His voice could sever nails and slice iron. A wild look
appeared in his eyes that seemed to say he knew he was powerless
to prevent them from taking his treasures, but if they did, he would
end his own life immediately.
Hearing Meng Hao speak, the old man who had been about to make
a move on him stopped and frowned. The onlookers also frowned.
SOOYOuNA | 430
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

“My Cultivation base is low and weak,” said Meng Hao. “If the older
generation wishes to rob my treasures, please do so. But if I lose
even one treasure, then I will end my life. And if I am dead, then I
can’t take you to Founder Patriarch’s meditation zone. I would rather
die than be robbed by you!” As he spoke, his face shone with
determination.
“I can just kill you,” said one of the six Core Formation Cultivators,
“then use a heaven-defying Soul Search to drag the location out of
you.”
When Meng Hao heard this, he let out a hearty laugh. Not the
slightest look of fear could be seen in his eyes. His laughter echoed
through the mountains, stabbing into the ears of the old Eccentrics.
“If you plan to Search me then go ahead. Only Inner Sect Disciples
know the location of the Patriarch’s meditation zone. But even if you
know the location, without me alive, conscious, and unharmed, you’ll
never be able to get inside.” When they heard this, all the old
Eccentrics stared at him with eyes as cold as ice.
“You of the elder generation have profound Cultivation bases. Surely
you know some Spirit Puppetry arts. But without my consciousness
there, or if I have been injured in any way, you won’t be able to enter.
You must have my complete and utter support!” Decisiveness filled
Meng Hao’s voice. He gave them the feeling that he had thrown all
caution to the wind, which made them frown.
Actually, when it came to Meng Hao, they didn’t care so much about
him; what they truly were interested in was Patriarch Reliance’s
Sublime Spirit Scripture. The Eccentrics frowned and then looked
toward Lord Revelation.
He stared at Meng Hao, his eyes flashing. Even though he was
capable of divining many things, he wasn’t able to divine anything at
all about this particular matter. All eyes were on him as he spoke.

“I can’t divine the details. But even if ninety-five percent of what this
kid says is false, we still can’t afford to gamble on it.” His words
echoed the thoughts of all the onlookers. These Eccentrics were
experienced and astute, as well as crafty. However, all their scheming
couldn’t assure victory under these circumstances. This was
because... they couldn’t afford to bet. Even if most of what Meng Hao
said was a lie, there could be some truth to it.
If they lost, they lost the chance to get into Patriarch Reliance’s
Immortal’s Cave. That in turn would mean they lost any chance at the
Sublime Spirit Scripture. Anyone, be they at Foundation
Establishment or Core Formation, could use Qi Condensation Manual
of the Sublime Spirit Scripture to form a second Core Lake within
their bodies. They could also repair the Dao pillars they had formed
during their Foundation Establishment. If successful, it could make a
Cracked Foundation into a Flawless Foundation. To a Core Formation
Cultivator, this would also have a big influence on their Core level,
which was something they all yearned for.
SOOYOuNA | 431
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
There were only three great books in the world which contained the
secrets methods of how to Cultivate a new Core Lake, even beyond
the Qi Condensation stage.
“Very well,” said one of the six, a noble-looking old woman with a
hoarse voice. When her words rang out, everyone grew silent. “We
are here for the Sublime Spirit Scripture. There’s no need to cause
further complications. Child, we won’t steal any of your treasures, nor
will we Soul Search you or turn you into a puppet. But you must
assist us, otherwise you are well aware of what the consequences
will be. Which is more important, your life? Or the Patriarch’s? As for
which decision is best, I’m sure you don’t need our advice on that.”

Meng Hao was silent for a moment, then suddenly said, “Give me
one million Spirit Stones!
And, I demand the right to kill this person!” His eyes flashed as he
pointed at Liu Daoyun.
Liu Daoyun’s face grew somber and venom flickered within his eyes.
He had just been contemplating various ways to kill Meng Hao. To be
suddenly singled out by Meng Hao caused him to reflexively step
backwards a few paces.
His heart raced, and cold sweat broke out on his forehead. He knew
that these Patriarchs would most likely give in to Meng Hao’s every
demand to get what they wanted.
“Patriarchs...” said Liu Daoyun, his face pale as he looked up at the
two Core Formation Patriarchs from the Cold Wind Sect.
The red-faced old man gave a cold snort. He flicked his sleeve and
looked at Meng Hao with cold eyes.
“That will not happen! Tiny Qi Condensation Cultivator, you have an
exaggerated opinion of yourself. You dare to make demands of us?!”
“Meng Hao,” said one of the Core Formation Eccentrics, an old man
in a red robe. “Don’t bring up the matter of killing again. And as for
the Spirit Stones, we have no way to meet your demand.”
“If I get no Spirit Stones, and if this man doesn’t die, then I, Meng, will
absolutely not agree to take you of the elder generation to the
Patriarch’s meditation zone. Without my heartfelt consent, you’ll never
get into his Immortal’s Cave.” Meng Hao’s voice was resolute, and his
face emanated an expression that said he was ready to risk
everything. He would die without even a frown if he had to.
“Meng Hao...” Liu Daoyun stared at him murderously, his eyes filling
up with killing intent.

SOOYOuNA | 432
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Very well,” said the dignified old woman in her husky voice. “As for
this Cold Wind Sect disciple, your request is denied. Regarding the
Spirit Stones, I will take the responsibility for that. I will give you one
hundred thousand now, and the rest after we open the Immortal’s
Cave.” If Meng Hao hadn’t made any demands, it would have
aroused suspicion. She flicked her sleeve, and a bag of holding flew
toward Meng Hao. He didn’t catch it, but instead moved backward
and let the bag fall to the ground.
“Very well,” said Meng Hao slowly. “The killing is off the table. Liu
Daoyun, pick up that bag of holding and take the Spirit Stones out of
it.”
The woman’s eyes flickered imperceptibly. The other Core Formation
Eccentrics also gave him flickering looks.
Liu Daoyun was furious to the extreme. However, Meng Hao’s
request was not overly excessive. Even the red-faced old man didn’t
say anything, but rather indicated for Liu Daoyun to comply.
Liu Daoyun took a deep breath, pushed down his fury, then walked
forward to pick up the bag of holding. He shook the bag, and a
massive amount of Spirit Stones poured out onto the ground. They
glittered brightly. Liu Daoyun looked at them for a moment, and
started to breathe a bit faster.
Meng Hao looked over the Spirit Stones, his expression calm. Then
he collected them into his own bag of holding. He had no choice but
to exercise caution. These people were not Foundation
Establishment Cultivators, but rather of the Core Formation stage. If
they wanted to kill him, it would be easier than stepping on a bug.

If it wasn’t for the fact that they couldn’t afford to gamble in this
matter, he wouldn’t be able to stand up to them at all, regardless if it
were regarding Cultivation base or scheming.
Therefore, Meng Hao did not attempt to pull of some tricky, crafty plot.
Instead, he plotted openly. He was betting that even if these people
didn’t believe him, they had no choice but to believe.
“You have your Spirit Stones. But this is a weighty matter. Please
consume this medicinal pill.”
The old woman lifted her right hand, and a black-colored medicinal
pill appeared.
When it did, a wind instantly picked up, as if a massive amount of
spiritual energy were being gathered up. Slowly, the image of a
wicked centipede came to be visible on the surface of the medicinal
pill.
Meng Hao’s expression changed. He looked at the pill cautiously.
SOOYOuNA | 433
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
When Liu Daoyun saw all of this happening, a hideous grin appeared
on his face. The Foundation Establishment Cultivators floating in the
air watched on, their faces expressionless, but their eyes sneering at
Meng Hao.
As for the Core Formation Eccentrics, none of them batted an eye. If
the old woman hadn’t produced a pill, they probably would have.
Their eyes glittered as they watched.
In terms of scheming, Meng Hao was like a child compared to them.
If his plots had truly displeased them, then any ideas he came up with
would be useless.

“If you consume the pill, then you can lead the way. If you don’t
consume it, then we will have to try out our Soul Search and Spirit
Puppetry arts.” The old woman spoke coolly, her expression
containing neither happiness nor anger. She flicked her fingers, and
the poison pill shot forward to hover in front of Meng Hao.
Meng Hao hesitated for a moment in thought. He wasn’t sure whether
or not the pill really was poisonous. Perhaps it was something else
even more nefarious. But he didn’t seem to have any other choice.
He clenched his jaw, then reached out and grabbed the pill.
“Speaking of poison pills, I have one as well,” said the red-faced old
man with a laugh. He flicked his wide sleeve, and a reddish pill
appeared in his hand. It flew to Meng Hao.
“Actually, our Sect happens to have one as well.” It turned out the
Core Formation Cultivators from the three great Sects all had poison
pills. The pills transformed into beams of light as they flew toward
Meng Hao.
The old woman’s face was calm, and it was impossible to tell what
she was thinking. She looked around coolly at her fellow Eccentrics,
saying nothing. They were all circumspect and far-seeing. If Meng
Hao swallowed one poison pill, he might as well swallow more. This
way, he wouldn’t just be under the control of the old woman. This was
the most fair method.
“Seeing the Fellow Daoist’s actions, I must humbly act to save my
own face.” Lord Revelation smiled and waved his right hand. A threecolored medicinal pill appeared and raced toward Meng Hao.
Compared to the other medicinal pills, this pill appeared
extraordinary. Meng Hao wasn’t sure why, but when his gaze fell onto
this pill, his entire body felt jittery.
SOOYOuNA | 434

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 79: KILL!
“Four poison pills,” said Meng Hao, his voice grim and his expression
unsightly. “I of the younger generation am worried that if I consume
this pill, I won’t be able to lead you forward.
If the poison takes effect, I will die. If it doesn’t take effect, then how
will the elder generation ensure that I can dispel the poison later? Or
have you not even considered that?!”
“Of course there is a poison dispelling technique,” said the red-faced
old man from the Cold Wind Sect, his face expressionless. “Whether
or not you chose to believe is up to you.” In this, he used Meng Hao’s
own tactic against him. The complete resolution of all the various
matters now rested on Meng Hao.
He stood silently for a moment. As the man had said, the choice to
believe lay in him alone.
Unfortunately, if he chose not to believe, then the current situation
would never be resolved.
Meng Hao’s eyes glanced over the four pills. Three of them he
recognized. “This is... a Centipede Dragon Pill. This one is a Frigid
Corpse Pill and this is a Blood Withering Pill. As for this one....” The
three-colored pill from Lord Revelation was something he had never
heard of before. There had been no information about it in the ancient
jade slip.
“Patriarch Reliance’s Cultivation base is as high as the Heavens,”
Meng Hao muttered to himself. “He should be able to figure it out.” He
clenched his jaw, then lifted his hands and put one of the pills into his
mouth. It appeared to contain something alive within it, and sure
enough, Men Hao felt a searing pain as it slid down his throat. And
yet, the pain didn’t cause him to hesitate. His eyes bloodshot, he

forced down all of the pills. As he swallowed the pill given to him by
Lord Revelation, he looked the man in the eyes.
Lord Revelation smiled the entire time. Meng Hao didn’t hesitate at
all. He knew that he had to swallow the pills to allay everyones’
suspicious.
The instant Lord Revelation’s pill entered his mouth, it dissolved into
an aura which seeped into his flesh and blood. Seeing Meng Hao
swallow the four pills in succession left Liu Daoyun feeling quite
pleased.
The ten or more Foundation Establishment Cultivators watched Meng
Hao with strange expressions in their eyes. Seeing his resoluteness
left them feeling the need to be more vigilant.
Meng Hao took a deep breath. His expression grim, he looked up at
the Eccentrics. He said nothing.
SOOYOuNA | 435
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Let’s go,” said the old woman with a nod. She waved a finger toward
Meng Hao, then turned into a prismatic rainbow and shot away. The
other Cultivators present followed, one by one.
Her wave of a finger caused the bag of holding that lay on the ground
at Meng Hao’s feet to suddenly transform into a hideous mist spirit. Its
body flickered as it wrapped around Meng Hao and then shot into the
sky.
Liu Daoyun followed along, looking at Meng Hao with a cold smile.
“You’re dead!” he said grimly.
Meng Hao didn’t reply. He just looked coldly at Liu Daoyun’s twisted
face.

“After you take the Patriarchs into the Immortal’s cave, just wait until
you come back out.
You’re dead for sure. Even if you dispel the poison, I won’t let you go.
There’s nowhere you can run to in the State of Zhao. By the way,
you’re a Reliance Inner Sect disciple, yet you have no choice but to
lead people to kill your own Sect’s Patriarch. How does that feel? Liu
Daoyun’s malicious words were filled with ridicule.
“You killed Sun Hua over a silver spear. How does that feel?” said
Meng Hao coolly, looking down at Liu Daoyun below him. The earth
sped past beneath him. This was a speed Meng Hao had never
achieved before.
As far as Liu Daoyun went, Meng Hao didn’t care about him at all. But
Meng Hao’s words hit him like a stick jabbed into a fresh wound. His
eyes were red through and through, and he looked at Meng Hao with
a matchless hatred; he wished to rip him into pieces. The incident
with Sun Hua was the most humiliating thing that had ever happened
in his life. In fact, it had ruined any future prospects within his Sect.
He had basically been cast aside. Right now, his eyes seemed as if
they would shoot flames. He clenched his fists tightly as he glared
murderously at Meng Hao.
Seeing Meng Hao’s lack of expression arose a hard-to-describe
feeling that threatened to drive him mad. He punched the air with his
fist.
Panting, he gritted his teeth for a long moment before saying, “You
swallowed four poison pills. I’ll just wait until the poison takes effect.
Your body will rot and your heart will be torn apart.”
“Today, you will die beneath my sword,” said Meng Hao coolly,
sounding neither happy nor angry. He looked down at the barren
mountains whizzing by beneath him, and then at the four mountain
peaks of the Reliance Sect off in the distance.

SOOYOuNA | 436
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“You sure can talk big,” said Liu Daoyun with a cold laugh and a
sinister expression. It seemed he didn’t take Meng Hao’s words
seriously at all. “You’ll do that all by yourself? I can’t wait to see the
poison kick in!”
After he finished speaking, a booming sound rang out. The group of
people had arrived at the Reliance Sect main square. It was
deserted, occupied only by fallen leaves, bird droppings and a few
animals which scattered in fright.
A fierce wind accompanied the group’s arrival, sweeping clean the
Outer Sect square. Seeing the place, Meng Hao’s face flickered with
a variety of expressions.
“What does it feel like to see your Sect become like this, Meng Hao?”
said Liu Daoyun with a sneer. As he spoke, Meng Hao turned and
looked at him, killing intent springing from his eyes.
He had already begun moving. He lifted his hand, and fifty flying
swords appeared, flying straight toward Liu Daoyun.
“I think this place is the perfect location to bury you in.”
There had been no indication whatsoever that Meng Hao would
attack. Even as his words echoed out, the swords were upon Liu
Daoyun. His expression changed; he had never imagined that Meng
Hao would dare to attack him in the presence of all the Patriarchs.
He shot backward quickly, biting down on his tongue and spitting out
some blood, along with a pearl. This pearl was different than the
treasures he had used before. As soon as it flew out of his mouth, it
began to radiate an intense killing aura. It transformed into a hideous,

black demonic face, which then slammed into Meng Hao’s fifty flying
swords.
An explosion reverberated out as the demonic face blocked most of
the flying swords.
However, one flying sword pierced through and continued on toward
Liu Daoyun.
Liu Daoyun’s face twisted; he knew that he was in a dangerous lifeor-death situation, a critical juncture. He let out a howl, throwing up
his arm to defend against the sword. The sword stabbed through his
right shoulder, sending blood spraying about. A horrified shriek rang
out throughout the deserted Reliance Sect.
Even as the sword stabbed into his shoulder, it suddenly exploded,
causing Liu Daoyun’s right arm to disappear into a cloud of blood.
Blood also sprayed from his mouth, and he retreated backward, face
pale and eyes shining with fear and astonishment.
Everything happened too quickly, in the space of time it takes for a
spark to fly up. His right arm was destroyed, and his horrified
screams still echoed through the air. The Eccentrics from
SOOYOuNA | 437
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
the three great Sects looked back one by one, their eyes cold. This
was especially so of the people from the Cold Wind Sect.
Liu Daoyun retreated, shrieking and howling.
“Patriarchs, this guy....”
His expression cold, Meng Hao stepped forward. Even as Liu Daoyun
was in the middle of speaking, Meng Hao waved his right hand, and
one hundred flying swords appeared, covering the entire square in a
massive sword rain. It descended upon Liu Daoyun. Liu Daoyun

might have been at the ninth level of Qi Condensation, but so was
Meng Hao. Furthermore, Meng Hao’s Cultivation was based on the
Sublime Spirit Scripture, and he had a golden Core sea. He even has
a sliver of Spiritual Sense in his mind. This was more than enough to
crush Liu Daoyun. The sword rain whistled through the air. Liu
Daoyun had no more time for speaking.
There was a boom, and Liu Daoyun spit up more blood. A glittering
light shone in front of him as his crystalline sword defied the might of
Meng Hao’s one hundred flying swords. And yet, this in itself caused
more injury to Liu Daoyun, who retreated further, howling.
“Patriarchs, save me!”
“Meng Hao, hold your hand!” came a voice from among the four
Formation Establishment experts from the Cold Wind Sect. They
frowned, obviously unwilling to allow Meng Hao to slay Liu Daoyun in
front of all these people. Their bodies turned into beams of light as
they sped forward.
“This is between me and him,” said Meng Hao, not even looking at
the four Foundation Establishment experts. “Even if the poison takes
effect on me right now, I will kill this man!”
His expression was filled with murder and resolve.
The person he wanted to kill was Liu Daoyun of the Cold Wind Sect.
But there were others present from the three great Sects other than
the Cold Wind Sect. They, of course, would not stand by idly and
watch Meng Hao be poisoned to death before opening the Immortal’s
Cave.
They would not allow small matters from other Sects to interfere with
their interests.
The others flew forward, blocking the path of the Cold Wind Sect
Foundation Establishment experts.

“Fellow Daoist Zhang, there’s no need to pay attention to the trifling
matters of Qi Condensation Cultivators. Come, come, we haven’t
seen each other for years. Why don’t we chat a bit about the old
days?”
SOOYOuNA | 438
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Correct. Brother Chen, we haven’t seen each other for three years. I
have a few questions about Cultivation that I was hoping to discuss
with you.” The four Cold Wind Sect Foundation Establishment
Cultivator’s faces grew livid when they heard all of these words. They
were about to speak when suddenly Liu Daoyun let out another
horrified scream.
Meng Hao’s fingers flickered in incantation patterns, and two hundred
flying swords filled the sky. They descended upon Liu Daoyun with
ear-piercing whistling sounds. Meng Hao took another step forward,
and flashed an incantation pattern. A Flame Python emerged, several
dozen meters long. Its roars reverberated out across the square.
Blood sprayed from Liu Daoyun’s mouth as his crystalline sword
shattered into pieces. He retreated backward constantly, desperation
filling his eyes.
On the other hand, Meng Hao’s eyes shone with killing intent and
determination. He flew forward, and a sword appeared in his right
hand. It was the wooden sword, and it sped toward Liu Daoyun with
unstoppable force.
“Get out of my way!” The faces of the four Foundation Establishment
experts changed. They howled and attempted to force their way
through to block Meng Hao.
“This man tried to kill me many times. This is a personal grudge. If
anyone gets in my way, I’ll kill myself before opening the Patriarch’s
Immortal’s Cave!” As his voice rang out, he completely ignored the

four Foundation Establishment experts. Without a shred of hesitation,
he shot toward Liu Daoyun, the wooden sword outstretched, clearly
intending to slay him.
“Patriarchs, save me!!” screamed Liu Daoyun shrilly. It seemed the
Foundation Establishment experts were about to attack, when a dry
cough could be heard. It came from the old woman.
Shock filled the hearts of the four experts, and they instantly stood
stock still, their faces pale.
The dry cough had slammed into their hearts like a lightning bolt from
the Heavens, sending their minds spinning.
“This is too much!” said the red-faced old man from the Cold Wind
Sect. He snorted, and a cold look appeared in his eye, which shot out
toward Meng Hao. Even as this happen, Lord Revelation let out a
hearty laugh. He flicked his sleeve; the cold look that had been
shooting toward Meng Hao instantly fell apart.
“You!” said the red-faced old man, his eyes filled with rage.
SOOYOuNA | 439
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 80: MENG HAO’S SCHEMES
“Fellow Daoist, there’s no need to lose your temper,” said Lord
Revelation, smiling. “As far as these trifling issues amongst the junior
generation, why don’t we just watch on?”
As these words were exchanged between the two of them, Liu
Daoyun let out another miserable cry. Meng Hao stepped forward,
and with the slice of a sword, sent Liu Daoyun’s left arm flying off
from his body. Blood sprayed everywhere. More flying swords flew
out from Meng Hao’s bag of holding. One after another, they stabbed

into his opponent. Blood spread out everywhere. In the space of an
instant, Liu Daoyun’s body was penetrated by a dozen swords.
Leaning up toward him, Meng Hao quietly said, “If I say that you will
die this day, then die you shall.”
Despair filled Liu Daoyun’s wide eyes. Blood seeped out of his
mouth.
The four Foundation Establishment Cultivators watched in shock as
the scene unfolded. They were especially astounded by Meng Hao’s
vicious expression.
“Enough!” said one of the Core Formation Eccentrics from the Cold
Wind Sect, his face extremely unsightly. He waved his finger, and
suddenly the spiritual energy in the area seemed to churn into motion
and race toward Meng Hao. It wrapped around his body, leaving his
own spiritual energy untouched, but pulling him away from Liu
Daoyun.
As Meng Hao drifted away from him, hope gleamed within Liu
Daoyun’s eyes, despite his severe wounds.
“Boom!” said Meng Hao coolly, the killing intent in his eyes flashing.
At the same time as the word left his mouth, the dozen flying swords
impaled in Liu Daoyun’s body suddenly detonated. A blood-curdling
scream echoed out in all directions. Liu Daoyun’s body was torn to
pieces. Not even his head was left intact as chunks of flesh flew out
in all directions.
As for the four Foundation Establishment Cultivators, the pupils of
their eyes shrank to dots.
They stared at the gore, and then at Meng Hao, whose face was
expressionless. They would never forget this moment for the rest of
their lives.

SOOYOuNA | 440
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Especially memorable was the speed with which Meng Hao attacked,
and the decisiveness in his voice. It revealed that his way of thinking
was anything but ordinary. He had turned everyone who was not a
member of the Cold Wind Sect into his assistants. The grisly result
revealed how stubborn he truly was.
Anyone else might be able to think of such a plan, but few people
would have the gall to pull it off. As of this day, they had witnessed
Meng Hao’s first true kill!
“He’s dead, you can release me now,” said Meng Hao, his voice
indifferent.
The Core Formation Eccentrics floated in the air, staring down at
Meng Hao. His resoluteness to kill left a deep impression in their
hearts.
Even Lord Revelation took a long look at him. Everything that had
happened just now gave him a glimpse of the cruelty Meng Hao was
capable of.
The Core Formation Patriarch from the Cold Wind Sect who currently
held Meng Hao bound had a grim look on his face. Meng Hao had
killed Liu Daoyun right in front of him, even after he had intervened.
He had lost face because of this. With a mere thought, he could rip
Meng Hao to pieces in much the same fashion as Liu Daoyun had
died. But considering the expressions on the faces of the surrounding
Cultivators, that was not an option.
With a cold snort, he flicked his sleeve, and the invisible bonds
around Meng Hao disappeared.

But he still hit Meng Hao with an invisible attack, causing him to spit
out a mouthful of blood.
Meng Hao looked at him, his face pale, but his eyes shining with a
dark look.
“Liu Daoyun constantly ridiculed me and swore to kill me,” said Meng
Hao, looking at the Core Formation Eccentric who had injured him
just now. “I of the junior generation had no choice but to attack first. I
request that you members of the senior generation preside over
manners in an impartial manner. At the moment, I am somewhat
worried that the Cold Wind Sect will withhold their antidote pill. Could
you please produce the pill so that I of the junior generation can rest
at ease when I open Patriarch Reliance’s Immortal’s cave?”
The eyes of the four Foundation Establishment Cultivators flashed as
they suddenly seemed to comprehend how cruel and treacherous
Meng Hao was.
The Core Formation Eccentrics had been around a long time, and
their eyes flickered upon hearing Meng Hao’s words. They instantly
understood what he was thinking, and they frowned as they looked
toward the two Cold Wind Sect Core Formation experts.
Their faces were as cold as ice.
SOOYOuNA | 441
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“With a scheming heart like yours, you will find it hard to stay behind
in the State of Zhao,”
said Lord Revelation. “I have an opening for a servant, Meng Hao.
You should consider it.” His eyes twinkled as he looked at Meng Hao.
His smile seemed as grim and mysterious as the decoration on his
long robe, a solitary eye set in the middle of a mystical square.

The red-faced old man from the Cold Wind Sect harrumphed. The
three great Sects didn’t usually get along, and at the moment, he was
well aware that the surrounding Cultivators were gazing at him with
flashing eyes. He didn’t want to cause further complications, but in his
heart, he had marked Meng Hao for death. He waved his right hand,
and a white-colored medicinal pill appeared and shot toward Meng
Hao.
It emitted a fragrant aroma. From his study of the ancient jade slip,
Meng Hao could tell at a glance that this was the antidote for the
Frigid Corpse Pill.
He grabbed it. He didn’t eat it, though, but put it into his bag of
holding. Then he took a breath and headed toward the peak of the
East Mountain.
As for the experts from the three Great Sects, they watched him
closely, ready to make a move in an instant if he tried to do anything
out of the ordinary. Lord Revelation floated next to them, eyes
glittering as he gazed at the East Mountain.
Meng Hao didn’t soar directly up to the top of the peak. The
Eccentrics would just have to be patient. Meng Hao walked the path
up to the East Mountain, passing Wang Tengfei’s Immortal’s Cave.
He also caught sight of Elder Brother Chen’s and Elder Sister Xu’s
caves.
Images from the past coalesced in his mind, and he let out a sigh.
Finally, he stopped in front of the Immortal’s Cave that had belonged
to him. He looked at it quietly, then moved on, eventually reaching the
peak of the East Mountain, and the Reliance Sect’s main temple hall.
The setting sun shone onto the hall, making it look very dignified.
Taking broad steps, Meng Hao strode inside. His gaze swept over the
statues inside, coming to rest on the statue of Patriarch Reliance.

The day that Patriarch Reliance had frightened off the Cultivators
from the other Sects, he had told Meng Hao of the secret method to
open the way to his Immortal’s Cave. Now, over a year later, Meng
Hao had finally returned.
The appointed year had already passed, actually. As Meng Hao
approached the statue of Patriarch Reliance, the experts from the
State of Zhao watched him from behind.
SOOYOuNA | 442
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He took a deep breath, then lifted his right hand and pushed his
finger against a spot on the statue. Every few seconds, he would
push his finger against the same spot. Again and again he pushed,
until he had pushed it one hundred seventy-nine times. Suddenly, the
temple hall began to shudder. The statues shook violently, then
shattered, causing the entire hall to collapse into pieces. Then, a
brilliant light shined out from the statue of Patriarch Reliance,
sweeping away all the debris and rubble, leaving only the statue
itself.
Underneath the statue was a stone platform. When the surrounding
Cultivators caught sight of this, their eyes shone with anticipation.
The statue radiated an incredible power, and its eyes shone as if they
were alive. This caused the Cultivators to be even more excited,
although none of them dared to approach the statue.
Meng Hao took a few steps back, then cupped his hands and bowed
deeply. “Disciple Meng Hao wishes to disturb the Patriarch’s slumber.
Patriarch, can you please open the door to your Immortal’s Cave?”
He lifted his head, and his eyes glittered. His back to the State of
Zhao experts, his lips moved as he murmured some complicated
sounds.

“Converge!”
The instant the word left his mouth, the statue began to vibrate, and
an even more brilliant light shone from its eyes. The light grew
intensely bright, and a fierce wind kicked up. Looks of astonishment
covered the faces of the State of Zhao experts.
Cracks appeared on the surface of the statue, more and more. Within
the space of a few breaths, it exploded with a bang, sending pieces
flying around in all directions. Now, the stone platform which the
statue had stood on began to issue a blinding light.
The blinding light issued by the rotating spell caused the State of
Zhao experts to breath heavily. Anyone familiar with spells like this
could tell that it was a sealing spell which was being unbound.
A thunderous roar echoed out, and a wide beam of light shot up into
the sky. Then the beam began to twist around until it formed a giant
ring.
The inside of the ring grew blurry, and then transformed into a vortex,
a passageway to another location.
As soon as the ring of light formed, Meng Hao leaped into the air and
shot forward. He disappeared into the ring. Behind him, the experts
from the State of Zhao hesitated, their faces twisting.
SOOYOuNA | 443
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Foundation Establishment disciples, you go first,” said Lord
Revelation. The six Core Formation Cultivators nodded their
agreement, and the dozen or so Foundation Establishment
Cultivators gritted their teeth and flew forward. They disappeared into
the vortex.

After the space of ten or so breaths, Lord Revelation and the Core
Formation Eccentrics exchanged glances. One member from each of
the three great Sects went next. After they entered, the remaining
Eccentrics as well as Lord Revelation followed.
Upon entering the vortex, their minds spun, and they began to
breathe hard. Looking around, the first thing they caught sight of was
an enormous stone stele. Golden characters were inscribed onto the
stele. The characters at the very top instantly sent their eyes shining.
“Sublime Spirit Scripture!!”
SOOYOuNA | 444
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 81: THE PATRIARCH’S IMMORTAL’S CAVE
In Patriarch Reliance’s meditation zone, all of the Cultivators from the
State of Zhao were staring at the stone stele which had been left
behind by Chen Fan [1]. With great enthusiasm, they copied the text
onto jade slips.
“This stone stele is the Sublime Spirit Scripture!”
“I never imagined it would be so simple to get! Haha! Even though
I’ve already established my Foundation, with this scripture, I can form
a second Core sea. With this Qi Condensation manual, I can raise
the Dao pillars of my Foundation from Fractured to Cracked. It might
even be possible to form a Flawless Foundation!”
Lord Revelation approached, followed by the dignified old woman.
“No,” she said, “only half of the scripture is here....” She could tell the
truth of it from a single glance.
Lord Revelation continued forward a few steps, his eyes shining with
a strange light.

Suddenly, the stele, as if it couldn’t withstand being the subject of so
many gazes, began to fracture. Popping sounds could be heard as
cracks spread out across it. Everyone watched on in shock.
As the cracks spread, the golden characters faded, to be replaced by
another set of characters, these ones dim and barely readable. These
characters were the second half of the Qi Condensation manual of
the Sublime Spirit Scripture.
Before everyone could finish reading the text, a boom rang out and
the stone stele exploded, fragmenting into eight pieces.
Eight multicolored beams of light could be seen as the pieces flew off
in various directions.
The onlookers were shocked, but immediately scattered about. The
seven Core Formation Eccentrics each shot after one of the pieces,
as did Lord Revelation. The eighth piece was left to the ten or so
Foundation Establishment experts to deal with.
Within an instant, everything was thrown into chaos. Upon scattering,
the newcomers discovered that Patriarch Reliance’s meditation zone
was filled with magical items, spirit stones and medicinal pills. This of
course caused quite a sensation among them. Unfortunately,
SOOYOuNA | 445
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
all of the items were protected with restrictive spells. Unless they
could force the spells open, the items were untouchable.
Suddenly, roaring sounds erupted within the meditation zone. Within
the gray light appeared multiple figures. With crazed appearances,
they charged toward the intruders.
As for Meng Hao, as soon as the chaos broke out, he pulled out a
Vorpal Jade Blood Crystal and stepped off to the side. He had used

quite a few Blood Crystals the last time he was here, but in the end
had two left over, which he’d stuffed into his bag of holding. After
pulling one of them out, the crazed automatons which had suddenly
appeared refused to approach him.
“I’ve brought everyone here. Now let’s see how Patriarch Reliance
deals with them.” Meng Hao’s eyes glittered coldly. He didn’t have
any good feelings whatsoever about these people.
He watched as they went chasing after the fragments of the stone
stele, a cold smile on his face. He couldn’t wait to see them dead.
Of course, the stone stele was a fake. He’d known that the instant it
had appeared, a year ago.
Exercising caution, he slowly walked forward, avoiding the other
Cultivators. He wasn’t sure of the exact location where Patriarch
Reliance sat in secluded meditation. But he knew that he couldn’t
leave this place until the Patriarch helped him dispel the poison from
his body.
Also, there was the reward that the Patriarch had spoken of.
Shortly afterwards, Meng Hao stopped and looked around. Booms
filled the air and explosions shook the ground. Off in the distance, he
could see the dignified old woman, her hair flying about in disarray as
she used one magical art after another to batter a glowing shield in
front of her.
Within the glow of the shield was one of the stone stele fragments.
The old woman was of the Core Formation stage. Her attacks caused
everything around her to shake wildly. Her magical arts shot out one
after another like a silver river, sending out bone-piercing coldness
which caused everything around her to freeze into pieces of ice.
Within the river, there could be heard what sounded like the shrieks of

countless wailing souls from the yellow springs of the underworld. It
was as if the river itself had sprung from the nine hells.
She flicked her sleeve, and the murky image of a mountain appeared,
bearing down toward the glowing shield. The mountain, which
seemed to be composed of stars, solidified into a burning point, which
then became black. Despite being black in color, it radiated a bright
light.
In a spectacular display, the river and mountain began to interlock
with each other.
SOOYOuNA | 446
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao took a deep breath. The silver strands which surrounded
the old woman made it seem as if she had the power to destroy
heaven and earth. She could definitely slay him as easily as stepping
on an ant. There wouldn’t even be a need for her to use the river from
hell or mountain made from stars.
“So this is Core Formation....” Meng Hao watched closely, at the
same time moving a bit further away. He didn’t dare to get any closer.
The woman let out a howl, and an explosion reverberated out.
Despite being some distance away, Meng Hao’s body was shaken,
and he spit up some blood. He moved back further, watching as the
woman spit out a round pill from her mouth. The pill was composed of
three intertwined colors. As soon as it appeared, Meng Hao felt a
sensation as if everything in the world was about to crumble to
pieces. In his eyes, this multicolored pill was the beginning and end of
everything.
Shining brightly, the pill shot toward the shield, whereupon a massive
explosion rang out.

Meng Hao continued to retreat backward, his face pale.
“A Core Formation Cultivator could wipe me from existence in the
blink of an eye!” As he moved backwards, he thought back to the Dao
Protector Wang Xifan [2] from the Wang Clan.
“I’m at the ninth level of Qi Condensation. But even if I could get to
the tenth... I would be so weak I couldn’t stand up to a single bit of
battle magic from a Core Formation Cultivator!” He stared at the
proceedings, continuing to retreat.
“All these people are over one hundred years of age each. In terms of
wisdom and experience, I can’t match up to them.... It’s a good thing
my schemes just now all worked, otherwise....”
When he thought about this, his heart twitched with fear.
“After the Core Formation stage is the Nascent Soul stage. I wonder
how truly powerful a Nascent Soul Cultivator is....” When he thought
of this, his heart began to thump, and he thought about Eccentric
Song, whom he still had never met.
“What is the level of Patriarch Reliance’s Cultivation base again? I
remember the Sect Leader talked about it before. He’s at the Spirit
Severing stage... That’s even beyond the Nascent Soul stage!” Meng
Hao began to pant, and a look of envy appeared in his eyes.
Stubbornness filled his heart. He desired to be powerful. He knew
that only by being powerful could he avoid being an insect that others
could trample upon and crush. Only by being powerful could he
achieve his desires and fulfil his dreams.
On a more practical level, only by being powerful would he be able to
survive in the Cultivation world!
SOOYOuNA | 447
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

Meng Hao watched in awe as the power of a Core Formation
Cultivator was unleashed. Massive explosions filled Patriarch
Reliance’s meditation zones. The explosions did not sound out from
one location, but from seven. The entire area filled with thunderous
roars, and the various protective spells appeared to be rippling.
The explosions caused by the seven Core Formation Eccentrics
seemed as if they would cause the entire place to collapse.
“The Patriarch just said to bring the State of Zhao experts here. He
never said what to do after that... ” Meng Hao hesitated, and he
considered making an escape. But then, a massive roaring sound
could be heard, and far off in the distance a beam of light shot up.
From this distance it didn’t look very thick. However, Meng Hao could
tell that it must be approximately thirty meters in diameter. It filled the
sky of the Immortal’s Cave with its power.
A laugh echoed out from the same direction as the beam of light, and
Meng Hao recognized Lord Revelation’s voice. He had obviously
broken the shield and acquired one of the fragments of the stone
stele.
Just then, another boom rang out, and another beam of light
ascended up. This beam shot up from the direction of the dignified
old woman. Her hair flew about wildly as the shield shattered. She
stepped forward and took the stone stele fragment.
Meanwhile, within the secluded meditation zone, Patriarch Reliance’s
eyes shined and he breathed rapidly. His body was gaunt and
wizened, and he stared fixedly at seven oil lamps which were spread
out in front of him. At first glance, they seemed to be scattered about
randomly, but upon closer inspection it was clear that they had been
organized in a mystical pattern.
Just now, two of the lamps had been extinguished. The other five
flickered weakly.

“The kid was a few months late. I was starting to get more and more
nervous. But in the end, he brought the people here!” Excitement
filled his eyes as he looked at the oil lamps.
“Extinguish, dammit! These people are so weak. After all this time,
they’ve only managed to extinguish two sealing lamps. I’m expending
power from my own Cultivation base to weaken them so that the Core
Formation level people can handle them. But they still haven’t
succeeded. Dammit! Without my training these State of Zhao brats
don’t know how to practice Cultivation. Back in the day, I would go
beat them up every once in a while. Those people had much better
Cultivation bases.” Thinking back to the old days, Patriarch Reliance
let out a sigh.
His desire to break out of the secluded meditation zone was even
stronger than before.
SOOYOuNA | 448
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“After I absorb these peoples’ Cultivation bases and scour their
memories, I should be able to achieve enlightenment and succeed in
my second severing. Then I can carry out my master plan! Dammit!
For every severing, I need to achieve Dao enlightenment. Upon
success, the severing can proceed. But afterwards, I will be incredibly
weak. Without a bit of good fortune to help me recover, the severing
can lead to death, and becoming one with the Dao.” Patriarch
Reliance ground his teeth. But as he thought of his master plan, a
look of hope gleamed in his eyes. It was a look that had existed there
for many, many years.
About this time, an explosion thundered out, and another of the lamps
in front of him went out. The look of anticipation in his eyes grew
stronger.

As for Meng Hao, he stood outside in the meditation zone, trembling
with fear. He wasn’t walking around any more. Instead, he had
concealed himself in a distant corner, a look of vigilance on his face.
He was waiting for Patriarch Reliance to appear, put an end to these
people, then dispel the poison in his body and give him his reward.
A short time later, another thunderous roar could be heard. Lord
Revelation and the dignified old woman had joined the others in their
struggles. The remaining shields soon broke. The third, fourth, and
fifth shields broke.... In the time it takes an incense stick to burn,
thunderous explosions rang out constantly. Soon, seven pillars of
light shot up into the air.
Finally, the seven Core Formation Cultivators transformed into beams
of light as they converged on the final shield, which was currently
surrounded by the Foundation Establishment Cultivators.
They combined their powers, and within the space of about ten
breaths, a boom shook everything, and an eighth pillar of light
climbed upwards. The whole Immortal’s Cave seemed on the verge
of collapse.
At this exact moment, amidst the roaring and shaking, massive
cracks appeared in the ground.
The roaring grew even more intense. The ground seemed to ripple,
as if it were going to collapse into nothing.
The experts from the State of Zhao looked shocked at this sudden
event. They flew up into the air and looked down at the collapsing
earth. Within a moment, the shaking ceased. It was then that they
noticed that all of the rubble and cracks had formed into... a massive
face!
The face belonged to none other than Patriarch Reliance!

SOOYOuNA | 449
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
1. Chen Fan left behind the in Chapter 40
2. If you forgot about what happened between Wang Xifan and Meng
Hao, then check out chapter 35
SOOYOuNA | 450
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 82: THE GREAT ART OF DEMONIC LIFE
Upon the forehead of the giant face appeared seven ancient-looking
oil lamps, all of them extinguished. A massive and ancient aura
emanated out in all directions. The exquisite aura seemed to contain
the essence of heaven and earth.
When the giant face appeared, the State of Zhao Cultivators all
looked shocked, and some of them made to flee.
“Don’t panic,” said Lord Revelation, his voice booming out. “I knew
from the beginning that Patriarch Reliance wasn’t dead. He’s
incredibly weak, and we are of the Core Formation stage.
If we join hands, we can easily wipe him out.” Everyone from the
State of Zhao stopped moving.
A laugh rang out from the giant face, hoarse and potent. Filled with
crazed excitement, it pierced the ears and hearts of everyone
present.
As the laughter echoed out, the faces of the floating Cultivators
changed. Without saying a word, the dignified old woman turned and
shot toward the exit, panting.

Even as she attempted to fly away, a massive, indistinct hand popped
into being next to her and wrapped itself around her body. A boom
rang out, along with a blood-curdling shriek, as the hand crushed her
to death. Everything shook. Meng Hao looked on in shock.
The giant hand opened, and inside could be seen a three-colored
mixed Core. The hand made a flicking motion, and the Core shot
toward the first of the seven lamps below on the ground.
The lamp was now alight, burning the Core as fuel and emanating
flames composed of life force!
Flickering firelight emanated out, filling the darkness with light.
“We cannot flee!” barked Lord Revelation, his face growing pale. “Kill
what is left of Patriarch Reliance, and our spoils of victory will be
immense!” The other Cultivators had looks of astonishment on their
faces after watching the miserable fate of the old woman. They
clenched their jaws.
Suddenly, a booming sound could be heard. The area around the
mouth of the giant face suddenly collapsed, and a black, shadowy
figure emerged.
Laughter accompanied the figure, echoing out in the Immortal’s Cave.
SOOYOuNA | 451
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Patriarch Reliance!” The echo of the laughter thundered out, and the
Immortal’s Cave shook.
The shocked Cultivators coughed up blood.
Amidst the blackness, Patriarch Reliance could be seen. His body
was gaunt, almost nothing but skin and bones, as if he had just

climbed up from the grave. His eyes were dim and dark, yet seemed
to be filled with ferocity and power.
Up above them, clouds roiled, and around Patriarch Reliance’s body,
ripples began to emanate out. It seemed as if he were standing on
top of the world. His power, arrogance, and thirst for blood struck fear
into the hearts of the other Cultivators.
“Patriarch Reliance....” The red-faced old man from the Cold Wind
Sect suddenly looked pale, and his body trembled. He was a Core
Formation Cultivator, but facing Patriarch Reliance, he was as
powerless as a cricket. The only reason he had dared to come to this
place for the Sublime Spirit Scripture was because Lord Revelation
had divined that the Patriarch was weak to the point of death. At the
moment, however, Patriarch Reliance seemed anything but weak.
“Revelation, things aren’t settled between us!” he said, spinning and
rushing toward the exit.
The others with him moved to follow, one by one. Their bodies
transformed into prismatic beams as they shot away.
Meng Hao stood down below staring up at them, his fists clenched.
Patriarch Reliance laughed, and it was filled with both excitement and
bloodlust. His body flickered, and suddenly he was floating in mid-air.
He moved his hand in a downward motion, and a booming sound
filled the air. A massive pressure pushed downwards, and the redfaced old man and his followers spat up blood. They fell down to the
ground, their bodies no longer under their own control.
Patriarch Reliance’s body flickered again, and then he was standing
in front of the red-faced old man. The old man’s pupils shrank in
astonishment as Patriarch Reliance’s body suddenly fused with his
own.

A blood-curdling scream sounded out, causing the scalps of the
onlookers to go numb.
The red-faced old man’s body began to wither. His hair fell out as his
flesh and blood dried up.
A blackness appeared that seemed capable of consuming all blood
and life. In the blink of an eye, it had completely swallowed him up.
His skin grew as thin as paper, and his bones began to crumble.
Soon, his entire person had turned into a mist of blood, which then
coalesced into another figure; Patriarch Reliance.
Except now, he was not as gaunt as he had been moments ago. His
figure was more fleshed SOOYOuNA | 452
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
out, and a slight death aura radiated out from him. It seemed as if
some of his life force had been restored. In his hand, he held the redfaced old man’s three-colored mixed Core. He flicked his sleeve, and
it shot into the second oil lamp.
“The Great Art of Demonic Life!”
“It’s the legendary Great Art of Demonic Life! Unending life! The
Great Art of Demonic Life which can borrow bodies and spirits!” A
buzz of voices sounded out. When the remaining Core Foundation
Cultivators and the trembling Foundation Establishment Cultivators
watched the scene unfold, looks of despair appeared on their faces.
“This is a Demonic magic from the Demon Sealing Sect, before the
Sect’s name changed!” A strange look flashed through Lord
Revelation’s eyes.
Meng Hao watched in astonishment. This was the second time he
had heard of the Demon Sealing Sect. The first time had been from
the lips of Shangguan Xiu. At the time, Meng Hao hadn’t paid it much

heed. How could he believe what Shangguan Xiu had said? If Meng
Hao truly was connected to such prestigious name, how could he
have so many enemies in the State of Zhao?
At that time, Meng Hao had committed the name to memory, with the
intention of getting further corroboration later.
Now, having seen the shocking events of moments ago, he’d heard
the name again. Currently, the three words “Demon Sealing Sect”
seemed to float in his head.
He thought back to the rumors he’d heard when in the Sect. It was
said that a thousand years ago, the Reliance Sect had gone by a
different name. However, no one had ever spoken the original name.
Now that he thought about it, it seemed as if the name were taboo
within the Sect.
He thought of the Demonic beasts in the black mountain outside of
the Sect. Then he thought of the North Sea, and grew even more
confused. When he had encountered the North Sea for the first time,
why had it helped him?
Even though he didn’t completely understand everything, at least now
he was gaining a bit more understanding.
“Demon Sealing Sect....” Meng Hao took a deep breath, thinking to
the Demonic magic that Shangguan Xiu had used, and the fearsome
power that had erupted out of Mount Daqing.
SOOYOuNA | 453
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“If Shangguan Xiu reached Foundation Establishment, the power of
his Demonic magic would have been extremely potent....” Meng
Hao’s heart began to race as he realized that as a member of the

Reliance Inner Sect, he was also... an Inner Sect disciple of the
ancient Demon Sealing Sect!
A new question appeared in Meng Hao’s mind. “Why did Patriarch
Reliance change the name of the Sect?”
As Meng Hao considered these things, the slaughter above him
continued. Patriarch Reliance’s body had transformed into a fiery mist
that filled the air. From the cries that rang out, it was clear that the
Foundation Establishment Cultivators were completely incapable of
escape. One by one, their bodies spasmed and began to dry up.
Their life force was sucked out of them until they turned into nothing
more than bones, which in turn were crumbled into dust. Every thread
of life force shot toward Patriarch Reliance.
The remaining five Core Formation Cultivators couldn’t flee either.
Under the command of Lord Revelation, they produced various
magical items and prepared magical techniques, launching them
toward Patriarch Reliance in a last ditch effort to defeat him.
The four Foundation Establishment Cultivators from the Cold Wind
Sect had died miserably, their bodies reduced to little more than dust.
Their counterparts from the Winding Stream Sect and the Upright
Evening Sect suffered the same fate. These were people who could
shake the Cultivation world of the State of Zhao by simply stamping a
foot. Yet here, they were as weak as children.
A partially intact head rolled to a stop in front of Meng Hao’s feet. His
face grew pale. The bloody slaughter was causing his heart to
tremble. Looking down at the head, he recognized the face as that of
the Foundation Establishment expert who had attempted to kill him a
year ago in the Reliance Sect. A white aura emanated off of the head.
Within moments, the head dissolved into blood, which soaked into the
ground.
Just then, a horrified scream rang out from one of the Winding
Stream Sect’s Core Formation Eccentrics. His body began to rot. He

continued to scream as he dried up. Even before he was dead, a third
three-colored mixed Core flew out to land in the third lamp, which
then began to burn brightly.
As of now, Patriarch Reliance’s body was no longer gaunt and
shriveled. Instead, he was a middle-aged man.
His long hair swept about his tall frame. A dignified air emanated out
from him, making him seem powerful to the extreme. And yet, buried
deep within that power, was a Demonic aura.
SOOYOuNA | 454
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
However, there were still areas on his chest that were still withered,
as well as some parts of his face and the rest of his body. There, the
flesh seemed to twitch and writhe; clearly he was not completely
recovered yet.
“I can already use the full power of my Nascent Soul,” he said with a
smile. Combined with his partially recovered, writhing skin, the smile
was utterly gruesome. Four people were left to observe this. With the
exception of Lord Revelation, their faces drained of blood. One of
them lifted up a trembling hand. In it was a jade slip, which he
snapped. Instantly, his body began to grow blurry; it seemed he was
attempting to teleport away.
At the same time, one of the Core Formation Cultivators from the
Winding Stream Sect retreated rapidly. Suddenly, a burning fire shot
out from his feet, which then wrapped around his body, enveloping
him. He seemed to turn into a burning pillar of light as he shot away.
The other person, a Grand Elder from the Cold Wind Sect, suddenly
seemed to be growing younger. His face, originally filled with
wrinkles, now suddenly appeared to be middle-aged.

His aura billowing, he took three steps, during which time he
transformed into a beam of light.
SOOYOuNA | 455
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 83: PATRIARCH, WHAT ABOUT DISCIPLE’S POISON...?
As he took the first step, blood and Qi roiled, and he was no longer
middle-aged, but a teenager, and he moved three times faster than
he had been before.
He took a second step, and his body quivered. His robes fell off, as
he had turned into an infant.
Again his speed tripled. His body was almost entirely transparent at
this point, and a three-colored light began to envelop him.
By his third step, his infant’s body had shrunken into a spinning Core.
Again, his speed tripled as he shot toward the vortex exit.
These three people were all Core Formation Eccentrics. Obviously,
they would not come to such a dangerous place without taking certain
precautions. As for everyone else who had died already, things had
just happened too quickly. As for these three, if even one escaped, he
could spread word to the experts from the great Sects in the Southern
Domain, and they would come to slay Patriarch Reliance.
All of this took some time to describe, but happened extremely
quickly. As the three of them attempted to make their escape, Lord
Revelation chose to stay put, his eyes flickering. His right hand
flashed an incantation sign. The large eye on his robe suddenly
seemed to come to life.
Light sprang forth from it, shining out to target, not Patriarch Reliance,
but the three fleeing Core Formation Cultivators.

“You’ve overstepped your bounds,” said Patriarch Reliance in an
awe-inspiring voice. He stamped his foot into the ground, whereupon
ripples spread out to fill the air. A horrified cry filled the air as the
Cultivator from the Winding Stream Sect, who was just about to make
his escape, was suddenly thrust back down and into the fourth oil
lamp.
At the same time, Patriarch Reliance’s right hand slammed onto the
ground. It trembled as a restrictive spell appeared, out from which
flew a thin band of black of light that turned into a black skull. The
skull circled around Patriarch Reliance, and then shot toward the
Cultivator who was attempting to escape via teleportation jade slip.
As the ripples of teleportation spread out, the black skull cackled
evilly, then disappeared.
Next, Patriarch Reliance lifted his left hand toward the Core which
was shooting toward the vortex. Just as it seemed it was about to
enter the vortex, a bloodcurdling cry sounded out and the Core
exploded. But the power of the explosion remained contained as it
flew back toward Patriarch Reliance.
SOOYOuNA | 456
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He snatched it out of the air, and within the white glow could be seen
the shape of the Cultivator’s body, struggling wildly. Patriarch
Reliance squeezed the white glow and it slowly congealed into a
three-colored Core. He flicked his sleeve, sending it to light the fifth
oil lamp.
At the same time, he waved his left hand, slamming into the light that
currently shot forth from the eye on Lord Revelation’s robe.
A boom filled the air, and a large amount of cracks appeared on the
restrictive spell that covered the ground. Blood dribbled from the

sides of Lord Revelation’s mouth, and his face grew pale, but his
eyes didn’t contain the least bit of panic. Instead, they shone with a
strange light as he quickly retreated backward.
Massive amounts of life force streamed toward Patriarch Reliance,
infusing his body. His face was almost completely recovered. He
stood there looking at Lord Revelation, hands clasped behind his
back.
“Whose Nascent Soul stage clone are you? You dare to mix with
these Core Formation whelps who plot against me?”
“You truly live up to your reputation, Patriarch Reliance,” said Lord
Revelation with a smile, his voice hoarse. “You could tell with a single
look that I’m a clone. However, I’m not here to plot against you.
Without me, these Core Formation Cultivators wouldn’t have dared to
come here. Actually, there is a matter regarding Heavenly fortune that
I wish to discuss with you.”
His lips quivered a bit as he finished speaking.
Patriarch Reliance frowned, a thoughtful look in his eyes.
Suddenly, something black flashed up above them. The flying skull
reappeared. In its mouth was a three-colored Core. It flew to
Patriarch Reliance’s side. He flicked his sleeve, and the Core flew to
light the sixth oil lamp.
Having seen all this, Meng Hao’s heart trembled. He looked at Lord
Revelation. It turned out, he was actually just a clone, and yet was at
the Nascent Soul stage! Hearing what he said, Meng Hao realized
that the goings-on here were more complicated than he had
imagined.
“If his clone is at the Nascent Soul stage, then... what stage is his true
self at?” Meng Hao took a deep breath, thinking of the three-colored
poison pill, his face twisting.

“Patriarch Reliance,” said Lord Revelation with a smile, “the Southern
Domain is doomed to fall into chaos. What are your thoughts on this
matter?”
SOOYOuNA | 457
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“You mean the crap about the Dawn Immortal? I couldn’t care less.
But since you’re here with your Nascent Soul, I might as well take the
opportunity to replenish myself a bit more.” His eyes glittered as he
took a step forward and raised his hand toward Lord Revelation.
“Patriarch Reliance, you really should think things through more
clearly. You’re a simple Spirit Severing Cultivator, do you really dare
to defy the Dawn Immortal?” Lord Revelation’s face fell as he
watched Patriarch Reliance lifting his finger. A boom resounded out
as a powerful mist came into being and began to surround him.
Patriarch Reliance let out a cold snort.
The mist seethed, and the roaring sound mixed together with the
howls of Lord Revelation until it seemed that the Immortal’s Cave
would collapse. At first, it seemed as if the restrictive spells nearby
would disintegrate, but they began to repair themselves before that
could happen.
Meng Hao watched on in shock as the restrictive spells fluctuated
between collapse and repair.
The mist lifted Lord Revelation higher into the air. He let out a bloodcurdling scream as the mist squeezed, causing blood to squirt out of
his body and drench his clothes. His eyes were filled with hatred.
“Demonic art, Wolf Smoke!” Patriarch Reliance’s grim voice rang out
into the mist. The mist seemed to devour Lord Revelation. Deep
inside, a brilliant light shone out, and the vague image of flames and

smoke could be seen. Nothing could be seen clearly, though. Only
blood-curdling screams could be heard.
“Patriarch Reliance, I can do without this clone, but don’t think it will
be so easy to consume me!”
The images and feelings seemed to lash against Meng Hao. This
battle could no longer be described in terms of magical techniques.
He couldn’t even think of any words that would do.
Patriarch Reliance’s powerful voice and the howls of Lord Revelation
made Meng Hao realize how much beyond the Core Formation stage
this battle was.
He stared blankly, his mind reeling, as if a new door along the
pathway of life had been opened.
This was what being a Cultivator truly was. This was the true path of
defiance against the Heavens. This was the true all-powerful might of
a Cultivator.
A short time passed, during which the booming continued to sound
out. The mist suddenly contracted, then returned to surround
Patriarch Reliance. When he looked closely, Meng Hao was shocked
to see that Patriarch Reliance’s features now closely resembled Lord
Revelation’s.
It was almost as if Patriarch Reliance had occupied Lord Revelation’s
body. Then the features began to melt down until Lord Revelation
was completely gone, fully absorbed.
SOOYOuNA | 458
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
An immeasurable amount of black sealing marks rotated around
Patriarch Reliance. As he floated there in the air, he exuded an
extremely bizarre air.

In his hand he held the small image of a person. Its face was twisted
ferociously, but its eyes were shut. It looked... like Lord Revelation!
This was his Nascent Soul!
The mist dispersed, and everything was quiet. No more breakage
appeared on the restrictive spells. They seemed to be in the process
of restoring themselves rapidly. From the look of it, it wouldn’t take
very long for them to recover completely. Patriarch Reliance flicked
his sleeve, and Lord Revelation’s Nascent Soul shot into the seventh
oil lamp. The Nascent Soul acted as oil, and Lord Revelation’s life
force became flames as the lamp burned.
Lamplight filled the Immortal’s Cave, illuminating everything with a
flickering light that felt both ghastly and horrific.
Patriarch Reliance looked around, and his gaze came to fall on Meng
Hao. He gave him a slight nod, and then turned to head back into the
large fissure in the ground.
Meng Hao strode forward several paces nervously. Clasping hands,
he bowed, and in a loud voice said, “Patriarch, in order to bring those
people here, Disciple consumed some poison pills. Patriarch, can you
please dispel the poison?”
“It’s just some poison, I can dispel it as easily as taking a breath. Just
wait a bit. I need to absorb this Nascent Soul, as well as this guy’s
true self. Then I’ll dispel the poison for you. Don’t worry about it. Oh,
you did pretty well. I have a reward for you. Take this. This is your
prize.” Without so much as looking back, Patriarch Reliance flicked
his sleeve, sending a low-grade Spirit Stone shooting toward Meng
Hao. His body had already landed on the ground, and he was
beginning to step into the fissure.
Meng Hao stared blankly at the completely ordinary low-grade Spirit
Stone. He clenched his jaw and then spoke again.

“The reward is a low-grade Spirit Stone?”
“Low-grade Spirit Stone?” he said coolly. “That’s right. It’s a low-grade
Spirit Stone. But if you look closely, is it really a low-grade Spirit
Stone?” He jumped toward the fissure.
SOOYOuNA | 459
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao gaped in astonishment, looking back at the Spirit Stone in
his hand. As he watched Patriarch Reliance disappearing into the
fissure, he spoke again. “Patriarch, you... how long before you can
dispel Disciple’s poison?”
“Not very long. It’ll be soon. I only have three, maybe five hundred
years of work to do. Okay, well I need to go into secluded meditation
now.” He muttered to himself about the difficulty of dispelling poison,
and the fact that his Cultivation base wasn’t completely recovered
yet.
Based on what it would cost him, it wouldn’t be worth it. Furthermore,
he had his master plan to think about. As for the Spirit Stone... it
really was just a common low-grade Spirit Stone. He didn’t have any
qualms about deceiving members of the junior generation. He had
done such things many times in the past. He had cheated many
Cultivators back during the days of the Demon Sealing Sect. Giving
another dry cough to try to gloss everything over, he lowered his head
and disappeared into the fissure. As soon as he entered, it closed up
behind him.
SOOYOuNA | 460
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 84: MENG HAO, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?

“Patriarch, Disciple went through innumerable trials and tribulations to
bring those people here. I don’t mind if there’s no reward, but this
poison....” A look of indignation had appeared on Meng Hao’s face.
But before he could even finish speaking, the fissure in the ground
closed up completely. There was no trace that it had even existed.
Patriarch Reliance was nowhere to be seen and didn’t speak. The
only things that remained were the seven burning lamps and the
flickering light they cast. The seven Cores and the one Nascent Soul
let of thin streams of Qi.
The streams didn’t emanate up, though. As soon as they left the
lamp, they were sucked into the ground.
“Patriarch Reliance, I allowed myself to be poisoned because of you.
You’re from the senior generation, and you’re a powerful expert. How
could someone as powerful as you do something like this?!”
“I’m neither an expert nor powerful,” replied the Patriarch with a light
cough. “I’ve been like this since I was young. And that is not an
ordinary Spirit Stone, kid. Your Cultivation base just isn’t high enough
to be able to tell. Wait until you’re at the Spirit Severing stage, then
you will know how amazing that treasure is.”
“You... Patriarch, what’s going on? I went through a lot of trouble!
Why are you doing this!?”
Meng Hao was furious. But everything around him was completely
silent. Patriarch Reliance didn’t say anything; in fact, he seemed to be
ignoring Meng Hao.
“Patriarch, I don’t need any other rewards. I just need help dispelling
this poison. You...
Patriarch, Disciple was constantly trying to figure out ways to bring
those people here to help you recover your Cultivation base. How can
you do this to me?!?!”

Meng Hao shouted out a few more times, but could see that Patriarch
Reliance wasn’t responding. Even though he was just a simple
scholar, he was enraged to the extreme at the moment. He had been
deceived, and couldn’t help but begin to curse.
“Patriarch Reliance, you’re a bastard!” For Meng Hao to say
something like this showed that he was exceedingly incensed.
Suddenly, Patriarch Reliance’s voice could be heard. “Kid, who do
you think you’re cursing? Do you really dare to cuss at me? I’ll slap
you to death!”
“I’m cursing you!” replied Meng Hao angrily. “If you’re gonna slap me,
then go ahead. I’m poisoned, so I’ll die soon anyway. Get out here!”
SOOYOuNA | 461
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Patriarch Reliance coughed a couple times. “Ahhhh. Never mind,
never mind. I’ve always had a good temper. Hey, you’re the sole heir
of the Reliance Sect. At the moment, we’re the only people in the
whole Sect! I’m not going to get angry at you. Actually, a lot of people
have cursed me over the years. It doesn’t really matter. Look, you
can’t really blame me. I can’t even go back out! My secluded
meditation zone has been sealed. I could only come out if you
brought another group of people. I couldn’t help you now even if I
wanted to.” His words became more and more convincing as he
spoke. He really had just renewed the seals, and if he wanted to
break through, would need to spend several months doing so.
“You bastard!” said Meng Hao, finally understanding the truth of the
situation. He could only gnash his teeth and continue to curse. But no
matter what he said, Patriarch Reliance didn’t respond. In the end, he
just started humming a little tune. The happy little tune echoed out,
and eventually Meng Hao realized that nothing he did would

accomplish anything. Shameless Patriarch Reliance was not going to
make an appearance.
His face filled with dark anger, he looked around. There were no bags
of holding left behind from the Core Formation experts. Patriarch
Reliance was obviously incredibly stingy and had taken them for
himself. Meng Hao’s gaze fell upon the seven Demonic lamps.
Gritting his teeth, he slapped his bag of holding. Ten flying swords
appeared and flew straight toward the lamps.
Before they could even get close to the lamps, however, the swords
began to tremble and glow brightly. Then they shattered into pieces.
Meng Hao was livid. Seeing the Qi from the oil lamps seeping into the
ground, he smacked his bag of holding again and the two wooden
swords few out. They didn’t meet the slightest resistance, but when
they reached the oil lamps, they passed right through them, as if they
weren’t even there. There wasn’t the slightest reaction from them.
“A Nascent Soul Cultivator and six Core Formation Cultivators,” said
Patriarch Reliance, his voice cheerful. “Their spiritual energy is quite
abundant. As for your crappy swords, well, my seven demonic lamps
are cut off from all other magical items. Non-sentient items can’t
affect them. Maybe if you were a bit more skilled, you would have
some more options. But sorry, you can’t steal things from me!” He
continued to hum his merry little tune. At the moment, he sat crosslegged in front of a small Feng Shui compass about the size of a
hand. The strands of Qi that sank down from above became bright
red, and then were absorbed by the compass.
Meng Hao’s face grew more and more grim as he retrieved the
wooden swords. He had never imagined that Patriarch Reliance,
being of the senior generation and having such an elevated
Cultivation base, would treat Qi Condensation Cultivators with such
shamelessness. A reward of a simple low-grade Spirit Stone? What
was worse was how he claimed the Spirit Stone was an extraordinary
object.

No matter from which angle Meng Hao looked at it, it appeared to be
completely ordinary. It was nothing more than a low-grade Spirit
Stone.
SOOYOuNA | 462
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Before, Meng Hao had thought he cared a lot about Spirit Stones. But
it turned out Patriarch Reliance was as stingy as an iron chicken from
which feathers could not be plucked! He was a complete miser!
“One low-grade Spirit Stone. You bastard, you did this on purpose!”
Meng Hao clenched his fists. He felt like he was about to go crazy.
Not only were his words impolite, but in his heart, any and all good
impressions he’d even had of Patriarch Reliance were wiped clean.
After a while, he turned, his jaw clenched. He wanted to throw the
low-grade Spirit Stone away, but finally, he put it into his bag of
holding. Then, he stalked off angrily.
“Aiya, you’re leaving? Okay, okay. Don’t forget to come back some
time to hang out with Patriarch! You’re my only heir, and the Sect only
has the two of us now. This is your home; you can come back any
time. I get lonely sometimes, so make sure to come back and keep
me company.” He continued to hum his happy tune.
Meng Hao didn’t say anything. He walked away angrily, Patriarch
Reliance’s little tune echoing in his ears.
“Ai, it’s too bad I’m sealed in here, otherwise I would see you off
personally.” Patriarch Reliance’s voice was incredibly cheerful as he
watched Meng Hao from within his secluded meditation chamber.
“Meng Hao, you’re such a good kid. You’re just a bit too uptight.
Hopefully in the future you can learn to be a bit more like me.”

“You’re really not going to come out?” said Meng Hao wrathfully. At
the moment, he was walking past an area covered with a graycolored restrictive spell. Suddenly, he stopped walking.
“Of course. Listen, I never tell lies. If I say that I can’t go out, then I
can’t. It’s not that I don’t want to help you, it’s just, hey.... Uh. What
are you doing?” In the middle of his complacent little speech, he
suddenly stopped talking and his eyes went wide.
Meng Hao had turned and was looking closely at a gray restrictive
spell. During the battle between Lord Revelation and Patriarch
Reliance, the restrictive spells in the entire area had been damaged.
They were slowly recovering, but at the moment, there were still
cracks visible.
Some of the cracks were large enough to be holes, actually, although
they were slowly sealing back up.
Within this restrictive spell was a veritable mountain of Spirit Stones.
They had been collected by Patriarch Reliance over the course of his
entire life. Most of them were low-grade Spirit Stones, but more than
a few were mid-grade Spirit Stones, which were far more valuable.
SOOYOuNA | 463
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Without a word, Meng Hao slapped his bag of holding. A wooden
sword appeared and stabbed directly into the hole. Immediately, the
sword’s ability to absorb spiritual energy was manifested. The
restrictive spell shook, trying to repair itself, but was unable to. The
second wooden sword appeared, and it too was stabbed into the
hole. The swords spread apart, and soon the hole was as wide as the
hand of a child.
Normally, Meng Hao couldn’t do something like this. But because of
the cracks and holes in the spell, he had a unique chance.

“What are you doing?” echoed Patriarch Reliance’s voice from within
the ground. He stared in shock. He had a stingy personality, but
enjoyed being able to put his lifetime accumulation of treasures on
display. He liked to watch people’s eyes turn red when they could
look at, but not touch the treasures. He was also supremely confident
in his restrictive spells. They were connected to his life force, so
unless he died, no one would be able to break through them.
However, because of some strange properties that existed in Lord
Revelation, some problems had cropped up when Patriarch Reliance
absorbed him. Because of that, the restrictive spells were a bit slow in
their recovery. This was a bit of a slip-up on his part.
“Meng Hao, even with that hole there, you won’t be able to take all
those Spirit Stones,” laughed Patriarch Reliance. “There are too
many. You won’t be able to fit them inside. Oh well, it doesn’t matter.
I’m a generous person. Go ahead and take a few, I don’t care.”
Meng Hao let out a cold harrumph. Now that the wooden swords had
opened up a hole, he reached deep into his robe and pulled out the
bag of the Cosmos and aimed it at the little hole.
Meng Hao’s Cultivation base charged into action like a wild horse.
The mountain of Spirit Stones began to shudder, and then, one by
one they began flying out of the hole, sucked into the bag of the
Cosmos.
Faster and faster, the Spirit Stones flew into the black-hole that was
the bag of the Cosmos.
Patriarch Reliance watched the dazzling display, and a horrified
shriek rang out from his mouth.
“A bag of the Cosmos.... Dammit, how can you have that! It’s invisible
to Spiritual Sense, and can contain mountains and rivers. You, you,
you.... My Spirit Stones! I went through innumerable trials and
tribulations throughout my life to accumulate that many Spirit Stones.

Meng Hao, leave some behind for me!” His agonized cry continued to
echo out, and the ground began to quake. He was obviously
releasing some of his power. And yet the seal had just been put in
place....
SOOYOuNA | 464
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao laughed coldly as he listened to Patriarch Reliance’s
miserable cries. Soon the mountain of Spirit Stones shrank to
become a small hill. Meng Hao was truly venting his spleen.
“You dare to rip me off?” thought Meng Hao, gritting his teeth. “Then
I’ll rip you off even more!
I’m going to clear out all of your treasures!”
“Meng Hao, you traitor! This is too excessive!” Patriarch Reliance felt
as if the organs in his body were going to explode. He wanted to
burst out of the seal, but it had just been put in place.
It would take months before he could break it.
He could never have imagined that Meng Hao would have a bag of
the Cosmos, nor that he would be able to snatch away his lifetime
accumulation of Spirit Stones. At the moment, Patriarch Reliance felt
as if a giant invisible blade were rotating around him, slashing him for
every Spirit Stone that he lost.
It was as if he were being hacked to pieces. His heart ached.
He had always had a strange personality. In comparison to other
Cultivators of his generation, he was a true weirdo. His greed and
stinginess grew along with his Cultivation base and his age. He didn’t
have even the slightest bit of an aura of a powerful expert. He didn’t
seem to have a bottom line in anything either.

Several hundred years ago, during his first Severing, his Dao
enlightenment had been regarding greed. You could say that it had
been branding onto his spirit, and was a part of his Cultivation.
SOOYOuNA | 465
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 85: ANCIENT DEMON SEALING JADE
Greedy and stingy. A miser to the core, even in terms of Cultivation.
This was his Dao. In his enlightenment, treasures were the most
important thing. These were the things that led to his First Spirit
Severing.
This was why his meditation zone had so many areas protected by
restrictive spells. It was his life savings. Accumulating all these items
was not just a hobby, it was his version of the Dao.
To see it all disappearing before his eyes filled him with grief and
indignation.
Within the space of ten breaths, the mountain of Spirit Stones was
gone. There was even a random piece of jade underneath the
mountain. It too was sucked into the bag of the Cosmos.
“That was my good luck charm. Dammit, Meng Hao, leave my good
luck charm behind. You... ”
Before he could finish speaking, his eyes went wide again. After
taking all the Spirit Stones, Meng Hao looked around, his eyes
gleaming. Patriarch Reliance began to tremble.
The look in Meng Hao’s eyes was like that of a master thief.
His gaze fell onto a small courtyard. Behind the cracked restrictive
spell could be seen a variety of medicinal plants of many different
colors. They were clearly beyond ordinary.

Meng Hao recognized some of the plants as ones described in
Shangguan Xiu’s treasured turtle shell. As he strode forward, his
fingers flickered, and the two wooden swords appeared. They
stabbed into a crack in the shield created by the restrictive spell. The
crack slowly widened.
“Meng Hao, are you really going to steal my treasured items too? I’m
your Patriarch! I paid a heavy price to steal that medicinal courtyard
all those years ago....” Patriarch Reliance was growing even more
anxious. The rumbling noise from under the ground grew stronger,
but Meng Hao didn’t even blink. He was happy to finally be able to
vent his anger.
“My divine spirit plants... you, you... you’re plucking them all out!”
Patriarch Reliance’s anger soared to the heavens. “That’s my
Outlander Tree. I cared for it for hundreds of years before it sprouted,
you can’t take it....” Amidst Patriarch Reliance’s shrill protestations,
Meng Hao cleared out the courtyard as cleanly as if he’d used a
razor. He sucked everything into the bag of the Cosmos. By the time
he withdrew the two wooden swords, the courtyard looked as if it had
been swept by a massive gale.
SOOYOuNA | 466
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Enough, enough,” said Patriarch hastily, looking over the emptiness.
“Listen, little Patriarch, leave some things behind for old Patriarch
here. Don’t take anything else.... You’re not allowed to touch any
more of my things. Meng Hao, you listen to Patriarch, okay? As a
member of the junior generation, you should have a bit of respect.
You... ”
“I’ve been like this since I was young,” said Meng Hao with a cold
snort, throwing Patriarch Reliance’s words back at him. Looking
around, he caught sight of a lone restrictive spell shield.

Beneath it were what appeared to be three withered little trees.
However, on each tree was a leaf that occasionally sparkled with arcs
of energy, making them appear extraordinary.
Meng Hao had never seen anything like it, but considering this was
Patriarch Reliance’s meditation zone, and it was protected with a
restrictive spell, he figured it must be very valuable. His eyes
glittering, he strode over and stabbed the wooden swords into a crack
in the still-recovering restrictive spell.
“Those are my Thunderclap Leaves. It’s a Lightning type medicinal
plant that’s even rare in the Southern Domain!” Patriarch Reliance
once again howled fiercely. Completely ignoring him, Meng Hao lifted
the bag of the Cosmos up to the hole in the restrictive spell. The trees
began to shake back and forth. Then, the three leaves ripped off of
the trees, transforming into three arcs of black lightning which shot
into the bag of the Cosmos.
Even more infuriating to Patriarch Reliance was that after the leaves
entered his bag, Meng Hao didn’t stop. The trees continued to sway
back and forth until suddenly they flew up from the ground, roots and
all, and were sucked into the bag of the Cosmos. Next to the trees
was a little purple flag stuck into the ground, which was also sucked
into the bag.
“You even... you ripped the Thunderclap Trees up by the roots and
took them too! You’re really pissing me off!! Meng Hao, you little
bastard, you took the Lightning Flag as well? It’s not very strong; it
can only defend against a Foundation Establishment attack. But it
can absorb lightning bolts! You need it to grow the Thunderclap
Leaves!! Patriarch Reliance’s heart dripped with blood as he howled
and cursed in his subterranean chamber.
“I’ve always had a good temper,” snorted Meng Hao, throwing more
of Patriarch Reliance’s words back in his face. “You’re Patriarch of the
Reliance Sect. At the moment, we’re the only people in the whole
Sect! I of the junior generation am not going to get angry at you.

Actually, a lot of people have cursed me over the years. It doesn’t
really matter.” Once again, he looked around.
This caused Patriarch Reliance’s heart to seize. When he saw Meng
Hao’s gaze slide past another area with medicinal plants, he let out a
small sigh of relief. His meditation zone contained his life’s
accumulation of treasures, but even still, the treasures could be
categorized into high and low quality items.
SOOYOuNA | 467
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Just don’t touch my baby,” thought Patriarch Reliance. “Everything
else... they’re just trifling worldly possessions. I can gather more
together later if I want.” Patriarch Reliance’s teeth were clenched, but
his heart still continued to drip blood. In actuality, the word “trifling”
had been a bit forced.
Within moments, Meng Hao had cleared out a few more courtyards of
medicinal plants. Then he moved on to another area. Patriarch
Reliance could only clench his jaw. He could do nothing more than let
loose a torrent of abuse upon Meng Hao. He cursed and cursed,
never repeating himself for more than half a sentence.
As he cursed, Meng Hao started to hum a little tune. It was a happy
little tune, and just so happened to be the one Patriarch Reliance had
been humming earlier. When Patriarch Reliance heard it, it made him
so mad that he almost coughed up blood. The feeling he experienced
was impossible to describe, but suffice to say, he was now
experiencing the full repercussions of incurring Meng Hao’s wrath.
Patriarch Reliance watched as Meng Hao looked around. When his
gaze came to fall on a stretch of short wall, Patriarch Reliance’s heart
began to race, and he furiously said, “You little bastard, you’re too
cruel! I didn’t dispel your poison, that’s all. I even gave you a reward.
A low-grade Spirit Stone is still a Spirit Stone.”

Meng Hao had inspected almost all of the restrictive spells for cracks.
In this area, many of the restrictive spells were completely recovered.
He circled the area, his eyes flashing back and forth. Suddenly, he
realized that Patriarch Reliance had stopped speaking. He had only
taken about thirty percent of the treasures in the area, and most were
medicinal plants. He still wanted to vent some anger, so he decided
to make one more circle to check for damaged restrictive spells.
When he returned to the place he’d started from, he frowned. There
didn’t seem to be anything special in there. He looked around and
noticed a stretch of short wall. When he started to walk toward it,
Patriarch Reliance suddenly began talking again.
“Alright, alright. Meng Hao, you’re my only heir.” As Patriarch
Reliance watched Meng Hao walking toward the short wall, he grew
more and more anxious. But his anxiety couldn’t be detected in his
voice. He sounded somewhat emotional as he said, “I’ll dispel your
poison. Just wait three months. I’ll break out and take care of it for
you. Then you can give me my treasures back. What do you say?
Don’t worry, I always keep my word. This time, I’ll swear it in the
name of the Sect. I definitely won’t deceive you.”
Meng Hao stopped walking and looked down at the ground. His eyes
flickered, and he didn’t say anything. He walked around, seemingly
lost in thought; eventually he drawing close to the short wall.
SOOYOuNA | 468
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I never said that I wasn’t going to dispel the poison,” said Patriarch
Reliance. He let out a sigh.
“It’s just that dispelling the poison would require quite a sacrifice of
my Cultivation base. I would have to spend a lot of the energy I had
just absorbed.” His voice seemed to be deep and profound, but in

actuality, as he saw Meng Hao nearing the short wall, his heart was
filled with acute nervousness.
Meng Hao was silent. After the space of several breaths, he suddenly
spoke.
“Why did you start talking when I began walking toward this wall,
Patriarch? And why did you suddenly mention dispelling my poison?
Could it be that there is some special treasure hidden here?” As the
words came out of his mouth, Patriarch Reliance’s eyes went wide.
He realized he had said the wrong things. He secretly cursed Meng
Hao for being so crafty.
“I’m just trying to do the right thing,” said Patriarch Reliance with a
cold harrumph. “Look kid, you...” Before he could finish speaking,
Meng Hao jumped over the wall.
This filled Patriarch Reliance with fear and trepidation. His heart
began to pound and his face fell. After leaping over the wall, Meng
Hao looked around. As it turned out, there was a restrictive spell
here.
It didn’t look very special. Sealed inside was a jade slip. As for the
restrictive spell, it was not complete; it still had some cracks in it.
Meng Hao had no idea what the jade slip was, but without hesitation,
he flicked his sleeve, stabbing the two wooden swords into the spell.
He pried open a hole, then used the bag of the Cosmos to retrieve
the jade slip.
Seeing the jade slip disappear into Meng Hao’s bag caused Patriarch
Reliance to emit a shrill shriek. The ground shook so hard it seemed
it might crack. Before, Patriarch Reliance had been upset to see
Meng Hao taking his treasures, but this fury was much more intense.
“Meng Hao, you cannot take that jade slip away! Even I don’t dare to
go near it. It belongs to a friend who left it here for safe keeping. You

do not have the latent talent or the destiny to touch it! Do not remove
it!”
Paying him no heed, he leaped onto a flying sword and flashed
toward the vortex exit. At the same time, he slapped the bag of the
Cosmos and pulled out the jade slip. Pressing it against his forehead,
he cast some spiritual power into it. His expression changed as three
characters appeared in his mind, filled with a Demonic aura.
“Demon Sealing Sect....”
“Meng Hao, you little bastard, get back here! You wait until I break
through this seal. Then you’re finished!” Patriarch Reliance let out a
furious howl.
SOOYOuNA | 469
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
As the howl echoed out, Meng Hao’s eyes flashed. He stopped at the
mouth of the vortex, and then looked back down.
His eyes began to glitter. When Patriarch Reliance saw this, his heart
began to thump again, and a strange premonition filled his heart. In
his heart, in his mind, Meng Hao looked like nothing more than outand-out thief.
SOOYOuNA | 470
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 86: A DEMONIC LAMP THAT SEPARATES HEAVEN
AND
EARTH!
“Break through the seal?” Meng Hao’s eyes glittered as he glanced
down at the seven oil lamps on the ground. He looked at them for a

moment, then shot toward them.
He ignored the howls of Patriarch Reliance. After pillaging all the
previous treasures, he was now certain that the Patriarch wouldn’t be
coming out.
“What are you doing!?” In his subterranean chamber, Patriarch
Reliance’s fury rose to new heights. However, seeing the look on
Meng Hao’s face, fear blossomed in his heart. He was starting to
regret having let Meng Hao go. The look in his eyes was even
stronger than the look which had appeared when Meng Hao began to
steal his treasures.
Ignoring Patriarch Reliance, who he now knew was completely
unreliable, Meng Hao stared at the seven lamps. He walked slowly
around them, looking contemplative.
Every step he took seemed to land directly onto Patriarch Reliance’s
heart.
“It doesn’t matter,” Patriarch Reliance said in an attempt to comfort
himself. “This little bastard is only at the ninth level of Qi
Condensation. He can’t take any of the spiritual energy from the
demonic lamps....” His eyes went wide when he saw Meng Hao, after
making a few circles around the lamps, sit down cross-legged to
meditate.
Meng Hao sat there, his eyes flashing. He seemed hesitant, but
before long, determination filled his eyes.
“Patriarch Reliance deceived me. Taking a few of his precious
treasures isn’t enough to calm me down. I’m going to take this
spiritual energy as well. Then I will finally be able to relax.”
Meng Hao gritted his teeth when he thought about the single lowgrade Spirit Stone the Patriarch had given him. And then there was

the matter of the poison. As far as Meng Hao was concerned, not
dispelling the poison had shoved him onto a road of hopelessness.
“Treasured items can’t absorb the spiritual energy from the seven
lamps, because they aren’t sentient.... Fine, I’ll absorb it myself!” He
suddenly closed his eyes and rotated his Cultivation base, attempting
to breath in the spiritual energy pouring out of the burning oil lamps.
SOOYOuNA | 471
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
But no matter how he tried to absorb the spiritual energy, as soon as
it left the oil lamps, it was sucked into the ground. Deep in his
subterranean chamber, Patriarch Reliance let out a great sigh of
relief.
“Meng Hao, you little punk, whatever you try will be useless. Do you
really dare to try to steal my spiritual power?” Patriarch Reliance let
out a hearty, although somewhat bitter, laugh.
When it reached Meng Hao’s ears, he frowned for a moment. Then
his face became calm again.
“No need to get antsy, Patriarch,” he said coolly. “I’ve only just
begun.”
Patriarch Reliance stared in shock.
Meng Hao’s eyes, which he had just closed, moved about as he
recalled the image of his battle with Shangguan Xiu, and Little Tiger’s
pearl which had enabled him to reach the tenth level of Qi
Condensation.
This was the method he wished to employ. He would return to the
tenth level of Qi Condensation. Even though the incredible power of
the tenth level of Qi Condensation left him cut off from heaven and

earth, Meng Hao wanted to see if it could enable him to absorb the
spiritual power of the lamps.
The legendary tenth level of Qi Condensation had existed in ancient
times, but was now prohibited by the Heavens, cut off. But Meng
Hao... had reached the tenth level once before...
he had walked the severed path.
As he gathered his thoughts and his breath, his body gradually
seemed to grow withered. The slender strand of Spiritual Sense in his
head seemed to fill his thoughts. He sank into a strange and unusual
state as he focused his entire being on remembering what it had
been like to enter the tenth level of Qi Condensation.
Time slipped by. A day, two days, then three. Patriarch Reliance was
growing more nervous.
He couldn’t quite tell what Meng Hao was doing, but could tell that his
body was changing in a very strange way.
“Just what are you doing?” he asked hesitantly, as he came to realize
that he was unable to discern what Meng Hao was up to.
On the night of the third day, a tremor shook Meng Hao. His eyes
opened, and his body began to tremble violently. Once again he felt
power filling his body; he now could employ force strong enough to
topple a mountain. At the same time, the powerful gravitational force
once again appeared within him, and he was cut off from heaven and
earth!
SOOYOuNA | 472
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
At the moment, he couldn’t absorb any of the spiritual energy of
heaven and earth. His eyes glowing, he slowly stood up, fighting to
remain in this state. He knew that without Little Tiger’s pearl, he could

only hold on for the space of about ten breaths, after which he would
sink back down.
He took a deep breath and then took a step forward. As his foot fell,
the spiritual power emanating from the lamps quivered. Then, one
tiny strand, instead of being sucked into the ground, drifted toward
Meng Hao and was absorbed into his body.
When he saw this, Meng Hao’s eyes shone even brighter. As for
Patriarch Reliance, his body trembled and a look of astonishment
appeared on his face.
“Holy crap!” he cried. “This is impossible!! That’s... the tenth level of
Qi Condensation! Dammit.
Wasn’t the path to the tenth level severed by the current will of the
Heavens? You, you, you....
You got to the tenth level of Qi Condensation?!?!”
Patriarch Reliance let out a miserable cry as he watched Meng Hao
take three more steps forward. About ten percent of the spiritual
energy from the lamps rushed toward him. As he absorbed it,
Patriarch Reliance howled even louder. “How is it possible? The
damned tenth level of Qi Condensation isn’t that awesome, but it was
prohibited because it has the power to steal good fortune from the
Heavens. If it’s strong enough to do that, then as for my spiritual
energy... Dammit. And what about my Demon Sealing Jade? Back
then, those old bastards said that it could only be taken and used by
someone who had reached the thirteenth level of Qi Condensation.
This, this....”
After three steps, Meng Hao’s body began to tremble, and he couldn’t
go any further.
Boundless spiritual energy from the lamps rushed into him. Panting,
he sat down and began to meditate, absorbing tremendous amount of

spiritual energy. Patriarch Reliance could only howl angrily.
The gravitational force inside him was astonishing, like a starving wolf
who hadn’t eaten for years. Vast quantities of spiritual energy were
sucked into him, and as it was, his body began to tremble more and
more violently. He felt his physical body growing tougher and more
powerful. It seemed as if even his bones were absorbing spiritual
energy and becoming stronger.
The ancient tenth level of Qi Condensation was a stage of refinement
for the physical body.
Now here, in Patriarch Reliance’s Immortal’s Cave, he was seizing
fortune for himself and entering this ancient state.
This level required lots of spiritual energy. Heaven and earth would
not give it, but Patriarch Reliance had prepared a Nascent Soul and
six Cores as fuel, and life force as flame. The spiritual energy pouring
out of the demonic lamps was the nutrition that Meng Hao needed.
SOOYOuNA | 473
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Meng Hao!! Stop! Stop! Let’s discuss things a bit. I need that spiritual
energy. I really, really need it. DO NOT absorb it! Dammit, cut it out,
Meng Hao. That’s my spiritual energy. I went to a lot of trouble killing
all those people to get it. My seal! Meng Hao, if you don’t stop, then I
will expel you from the Sect!!” Flustered and exasperated, Patriarch
Reliance had already forgotten about the treasures Meng Hao had
taken, as well as the Demon Sealing Jade. You could say that all the
things taken by Meng Hao before couldn’t compare at all with this.
Meng Hao ignored him, continuing to absorb the spiritual energy like
mad. His body continued to grow stronger. Soon, cracking sounds
could be heard as his skin began to split and new flesh and blood
grew.

More and more cracks spread out, and then the old flesh began to fall
off. Meng Hao’s hair grew longer, and his eyes brighter. The tenth
level of Qi Condensation was now completely solidified within his
body!
He would never lose the tenth level again, it was there permanently.
In addition to the power of the tenth level of Qi Condensation, Meng
Hao realized he had a new ability; if he wished, he could at will return
to the ninth level of Qi Condensation to absorb the spiritual energy of
heaven and earth, and then return back to the tenth level.
Some time passed, and Meng Hao’s mind began to reel. The
remnants of dried up flesh which remained on his body turned into
ash and drifted away. His eyes glowed even brighter, and an
incredible feeling of power filled Meng Hao. He was completely
confident that with the power of the tenth level of Qi Condensation, he
could use a single fist... to crush anyone of the ninth level of Qi
Condensation.
This power was even stronger than what he had experienced when
using Little Tiger’s pearl.
Meng Hao took a deep breath. He stood up, not to leave, but to take
another step forward. He was now only five paces away from the
seven oil lamps.
Panting furiously, Patriarch Reliance let loose a torrent of intense
curses as he watched Meng Hao absorbing an even greater amount
of spiritual energy. He had solidified his tenth level of Qi
Condensation, but instead of leaving, he moved on. Patriarch
Reliance’s heart pounded.
Now, thirteen percent of the spiritual energy emitted by the lamps was
rushing toward Meng Hao. As the boundless amount of energy
entered his body, a roaring sound filled him. His eyes were filled with
determination. He took another step forward. He was now only four
paces from the oil lamps.

The flames flickered as even more spiritual energy flew toward Meng
Hao. As of now, he was taking sixteen percent!
SOOYOuNA | 474
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“The gravitational force within me is not dispersing, it’s actually
growing stronger. Is it possible that... after the tenth level of Qi
Condensation, there’s an eleventh level?” Gritting his teeth, he called
upon the power of the tenth level of Qi Condensation to take another
step forward. He was now only three paces from the seven lamps.
The flames within the lamps danced wildly as twenty percent of the
spiritual energy they produced was sucked up by Meng Hao.
He took a deep breath, then sat down cross-legged to meditate.
SOOYOuNA | 475
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 87: I SHALL REACH THE PEAK OF THE THIRTEENTH
LEVEL OF QI CONCENTRATION!
“Meng Hao....” Patriarch Reliance ground his teeth. He felt quite
grieved, and was even more regretful. If he had known things would
turn out this way, he would have said some nicer things to Meng Hao.
How could he have imagined that Meng Hao would be so cruel?
Forget his cruelty, he had a bag of the Cosmos! Forget his bag of the
Cosmos, he had entered into the tenth level of Qi Condensation!
The scene unfolding before him made him want to weep, except he
had no tears to do so. He gnashed his teeth as an even further sense
of trepidation filled his heart. He remembered the requirements of the
Demon Sealing Jade; it could only be taken away and used by
someone who had reached the thirteenth level of Qi Condensation.

When those old bastards had said that back in the day, his heart had
filled with contempt. He’d believed that he could prevent the legacy of
the Demon Sealing Sect from continuing on to future generations.
But, now that he saw Meng Hao passing into the eleventh level, his
trembling heart filled with anxiety.
Unfortunately for him, there was nothing he could do other than grit
his teeth and continue to absorb as much spiritual energy as
possible. He needed to get more than Meng Hao did, and be faster at
doing so. He needed the Feng Shui compass in front of him to be
completely repaired, and prevent Meng Hao from advancing any
further.
The spiritual energy being sucked into the ground and absorbed into
the Feng Shui compass was bright red in color. It seemed as if it were
sucking something out of the very earth it passed through.
“Dammit, Meng Hao. All I did was give you a low-grade Spirit Stone
and not dispel your poison.
Haven’t you gone far enough? Haven’t you? I’m still your Patriarch
after all.” Patriarch Reliance felt profoundly wronged.
As for Meng Hao, a roaring sound filled his entire body. With twenty
percent of the lamps’
spiritual energy being absorbed into him, his body was trembling, and
he felt himself changing.
The change was occurring to his Core sea. It grew larger, and as it
did, his Qi passageways grew thicker. A bang rang out in his head,
and he felt the sensation of breaking through to another level.
The eleventh level of Qi Condensation!
SOOYOuNA | 476
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

His Core sea spread out to fill his entire body. This type of Core sea
really was impossible for someone of the Qi Condensation stage. Its
majesty would ensure unending future growth and fighting power.
It would be more difficult for Meng Hao to reach Foundation
Establishment with such a Core sea but... if he succeeded, then he
would be twice as powerful as someone of the same stage!
The eleventh level of Qi Condensation does not refine the body, but
the Core sea!
The extent of his Core sea caused Meng Hao’s body to be filled with
a thunderous sound.
Spiritual energy as boundless as a sea filled him. The waves of the
Core sea crashed and churned limitlessly.
Meng Hao opened his eyes and took a deep breath. The sound of the
intake of his breath was like a clap of thunder. He stood up, his eyes
gleaming with persistence. He took another step forward. Then two.
Then three!
He now stood directly next to the seven oil lamps, close enough to
touch them. He was absorbing thirty percent of their spiritual energy.
Thirty percent might not sound like a lot, but it would be impossible
for Meng Hao were it not for the abilities of the tenth level of Qi
Condensation. That was the stage of Qi Condensation that could
steal good fortune from the Heavens, after all.
“Meng Hao, aren’t you finished yet....” Patriarch Reliance watched
Meng Hao take his three steps forward, his anxiety increased even
more. If Meng Hao reached the twelfth level, he would be only one
step away from being able to use the Demon Sealing Jade.
“Many thanks for your help, Patriarch,” said Meng Hao calmly. “I’ll be
finished soon.” He closed his eyes and began to absorb more

spiritual energy into his body. His body shook as he stepped into the
twelfth level of Qi Condensation.
Since ancient times, no one had ever entered... the twelfth level of Qi
Condensation.
The instant he did so, Meng Hao felt a severe pain in his mind. His
Spiritual Sense didn’t go anywhere. But he felt as if his mind were
being split in two. Now he felt... something like a stream within his
mind.
This was... the Sea of Perception!
SOOYOuNA | 477
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
In modern times, Cultivators who broke through from the Qi
Condensation into Foundation Establishment would form a Sea of
Perception from nothing. Usually, this type of Sea of Perception
would not be very large. It had nothing to do with latent talent, but
rather with the method used. Obviously, the larger the Sea of
Perception, the more power it could wield, and the more boundless
the Cultivator’s Spiritual Sense would be.
In ancient times, Cultivators preferred to break through to Foundation
Establishment in the twelfth level of Qi Condensation. This is because
the twelfth level is when the Sea of Perception opens up. By
practicing Cultivation in this fashion, the Sea of Perception would be
far more powerful than others of the Foundation Establishment stage.
In the modern Cultivation world, Meng Hao was the first Cultivator to
ever enter the twelfth level of Qi Condensation. If news of this spread,
it would shake the entire Cultivation world.
At the moment, Patriarch Reliance was shaken. He stared dumbly at
Meng Hao, able to watch unimpeded as Meng Hao’s previous ninth

level of Qi Condensation now rose to the twelfth. He didn’t know what
to say.
“....In ancient times,” he muttered, “the legends said that the great
circle of Qi Condensation could be completed at the thirteenth level.
But even in ancient times, such a thing was rarely seen. It was said
that the thirteenth level of Qi Condensation was related to the good
fortune of Heaven, and... could change the latent talent of a
Cultivator! It wouldn’t change much. But latent talent is birthed from
the Heavens, so even the slightest change would definitely be a
defiance of the Heavens.
“I don’t remember how many years ago it was that the old bastards
from the Demon Sealing Sect boasted that I was incredibly lucky...
but compared to me, this kid is the lucky one.
Dammit, he’s too lucky! How could I have possibly provoked this
reaction!”
As Patriarch Reliance spoke, Meng Hao opened his eyes. They
shined with a profound light. He felt splitting pain within his head, but
within that pain, he also could sense an unprecedented clearness.
The world seemed different when he looked at it, although he couldn’t
quite tell which particular things weren’t the same. It was as if
everything now shone with radiances that he had never noticed
before.
At this time, the massive gravitational power seemed on the verge of
dissipating, as if his body knew that he was reaching his absorption
limit.
Soon, the amount of spiritual energy he was absorbing from the oil
lamps dropped from thirty percent to twenty, and then to ten.
SOOYOuNA | 478

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
This caused Meng Hao to frown. He could tell that his Cultivation
base had not reached its peak.... he could sense that there was
another layer beyond his current layer. He could feel the great circle
of Qi Condensation.
It was a powerful feeling, but as the gravitational power grew weaker
and weaker, it seemed as though that next level would be forever
closed off to him.
“Haha, it’s like I said,” laughed Patriarch Reliance, his eyes glittering.
“The thirteenth level of Qi Condensation was even rare in ancient
times. It was such a thing of legends that you could basically say it
didn’t exist. The twelfth level is the limit. Meng Hao, there’s no need
to try any further. Quickly, back away. Don’t get in the way of my
master plan. If you do, then just wait till I get out of here and see how
I mop the floor with you! You need a spanking, you little bastard!”
Even though Meng Hao had sucked away some of the spiritual
energy, it actually wasn’t very much. There was still enough left to
accomplish his master plan. And if Meng Hao didn’t reach the
thirteenth level, then there was no way for him to have the required
latent talent to use the Demon Sealing Jade.
“Seems this kid’s good fortune isn’t that amazing after all,” said
Patriarch Reliance complacently. But then, Meng Hao’s eyes
flickered. He had a stubborn personality. Now that he had reached
the twelfth level of Qi Condensation and caught a glimpse of the next
level, he would do everything possible to break through.
“The gravitational power is weakening.... How can I continue to add
spiritual energy...” Meng Hao’s mind spun with thousands of
possibilities until finally his eyes began to glitter and he smacked his
bag of holding. The two wooden swords whistled out.
He looked at them, then gritted his teeth and caused one of them to
fly straight toward himself.

Patriarch Reliance watched on in astonishment as the sword slashed
Meng Hao. Soon, over ten gaping wounds covered his body.
Meng Hao clenched his jaw as the sword slashed the bloody marks
across him. His eye shone with determination. As the blood splashed
from the wounds, Meng Hao felt the spiritual power in his body
seeping out as well.
This was exactly what he wanted!
As the spiritual power leaked out of his body, the gravitational power
within him suddenly trembled, then gradually grew stronger. When
this happened, Meng Hao’s mind was set.
Taking control of the second sword, he sent both of them flying
around him, slashing his body with wound after wound. In the blink of
an eye, nearly one hundred cuts covered his flesh.
The wounds sent the physical power of his body into action, and at
the same time caused the gravitational power within him to grow
more and more powerful.
SOOYOuNA | 479
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Patriarch Reliance was simply dumbstruck. He could never in his
wildest dreams imagine that Meng Hao would use such a method.
When he saw the multitude of bloody wounds, and the determination
in Meng Hao’s eyes, it gave him a deep sense of how ruthless Meng
Hao could be. If he could treat himself with such cruelty, how
ruthlessly could he treat others?!
The more wounds that covered him, the stronger the gravitational
force became. The amount of spiritual energy he siphoned from the
lamps jumped from ten percent to forty. And yet, even though the

spiritual energy poured into his body, he couldn’t break through to
that next level.
After some time passed, Meng Hao laughed. With a cold smile, he
raised his right hand, causing one of the wooden swords to whistle
around and fly toward his chest. It stabbed through him, sending out
fountains of blood. Blood also sprayed out of his mouth. Instantly, the
spiritual power in his body dropped by a huge percentage. This, in
turn, caused the gravitational power to climb higher by several
percentages.
By now, he was absorbing fifty percent of the spiritual energy coming
from the seven oil lamps.
A booming sound rang out. Filled with boundless spiritual energy,
Meng Hao launched everything at the barrier between the levels.
Blood sprayed from his mouth, and the wooden swords once again
slashed through his body. The spiritual energy from the seven lamps
surged; as of now, Meng Hao was sucking away seventy percent of it!
It was in this way that Meng Hao launched his attack from the twelfth
level of Qi Condensation into the thirteenth.
Time slipped by. More wounds appeared on his body, a product of
Meng Hao’s ruthlessness.
Soon, his body began to tremble and his vision grew blurry. He was
now absorbing ninety percent of the spiritual energy from the seven
oil lamps. It was as if he were bathing in thick, pure spiritual energy.
“You’re going to kill yourself....” Patriarch Reliance watched the
scene, his breathing agitated.
Meng Hao’s stubbornness left him reeling.
“I will become powerful! There’s no reason. I must become powerful!”
Meng Hao began to lose consciousness, but his stubbornness

wouldn’t allow him. Despite his current condition, he wouldn’t even
think of giving up. He continued to murmur to himself, that he, must,
become, powerful!
Meng Hao MUST break through to the thirteenth level of Qi
Condensation.
“This is his Dao...” Patriarch Reliance took a deep breath, finally
understanding.
SOOYOuNA | 480
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 88: LORD REVELATION’S TRUE SELF
Boom!
The two wooden swords stabbed simultaneously through Meng Hao’s
body, sending showers of blood flying out. The flame of Meng Hao’s
life force was growing dimmer. However, the gravitational force within
him had grown to an unprecedented height. It was so strong that it
seemed as if it might be able to suck in everything around him. It was
as if regardless of whatever obstacle faced him, regardless of
whatever danger he was in, nothing could block his path to becoming
a powerful expert.
The gravitational force seemed to be affecting Meng Hao’s stupor. His
mind expanded into boundlessness.
Patriarch Reliance looked at him and murmured, “This is... stealing
good fortune from the Heavens!”
At the moment, Meng Hao’s desire to be powerful had fused with his
Cultivation base, a stubbornness which belonged to the thirteenth
level of Qi Condensation; he would steal from the Heavens; he would
defy the Heavens to change his life force.

A thunderous boom sounded out as the full and complete spectrum of
spiritual energy from the seven oil lamps poured into Meng Hao. As it
entered his body, it became his blade with which to attack and break
through the level gap.
It was the combined power of six Core Formation Cultivators and one
Nascent Soul Cultivator.
But that was only part of it. The most important part of his attack, the
truest part, was his stubborn desire to become powerful. This desire
was completely in line with the thirteenth level of Qi Condensation,
which had been rejected by the Heavens. This was what forged his
thirteenth level of Qi Condensation!
Amidst the roaring, the level gap disintegrated. The instant it did,
Meng Hao, bathed as he was in inexhaustible spiritual energy, felt his
Cultivation base soaring up from the twelfth level to the thirteenth
level. He had now become the first Cultivator since ancient times to
complete the great circle of Qi Condensation.
In that instant, the latent talent in Meng Hao which enabled him to
practice Cultivation, suddenly changed. There was no sound or any
other indication that it had happened. Even Meng Hao was only
vaguely aware of the change. However, if an outsider were to
examine his current latent talent, they would see that it was no longer
average, as it had been in the past.
Although he couldn’t be considered Chosen, his latent talent was now
much higher.
SOOYOuNA | 481
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
From time immemorial, no one had ever been able to change their
own latent talent. No heavenly material or earthly treasure had the

power to change the destiny appointed by the Heavens. And yet
today, Meng Hao had done just that!
He was the first person since ancient times to complete the great
circle of Qi Condensation, as well as the first person to change his
latent talent. This was a new beginning, a fresh start on the path to
becoming a powerful expert.
The instant he completed the great circle of Qi Condensation, all of
the wounds in his body healed instantly. Immersed in spiritual energy,
his body had experienced another rebirth.
You could even say that Meng Hao himself had been reborn anew.
After the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, Meng Hao’s eyes
flashed open. The surrounding spiritual energy once again began to
surge down into the earth. Now that he had completed the great circle
of Qi Condensation, the gravitational force within him was completely
gone.
Having witnessed Meng Hao’s transformation with his own eyes,
Patriarch Reliance was left speechless.
Even more astonishing was that after Meng Hao opened his eyes, he
reached out with his right hand and picked up one of the seven oil
lamps. This was the lamp which contained Lord Revelation’s Nascent
Soul. After picking it up, he turned, and his body turned into a beam
of light as he shot toward the vortex exit.
“You, you, you... aren’t you afraid of getting burned to death!?”
Patriarch Reliance sat in a daze for a moment, and then started
cursing again as he watched Meng Hao disappear through the vortex.
“You little bastard! You’re shameless!! You people from the Demon
Sealing Sect are all bastards!

Shameless to the extreme!!” He paced back and forth furiously, letting
out a torrent of howls.
As soon as Meng Hao left through the vortex, the Immortal’s Cave
began to seal up behind him.
Only a rapidly closing fissure remained, from which emanated the
stench of death.
Within the Southern Domain, outside of the State of Zhao, was a
bordering nation called the State of Revelation. The land itself wasn’t
much different from that of the State of Zhao, but its people were
somewhat bizarre.
SOOYOuNA | 482
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
