The killing intent in his eyes grew stronger. He didn’t retreat, and in
fact took a step forward, flingers flickering in incantation movements.
Three or four of his bags of holding began to tremble, and then
suddenly a succession of sword auras appeared, to the astonishment
of all the onlookers.
Waving his sleeve, he sent forth one wave, two waves, three waves
of flying swords. They transformed into a dazzling sword rain. One
sword, ten, twenty, thirty swords... Seventy swords in four waves, an
unbelievable sword aura. They shot toward Wang Tengfei.
SOOYOuNA | 181
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao constantly coughed up blood, then consumed medicinal
pills. His eyes were completely bloodshot, but the killing intent in
them was as strong as ever. Even if he ran out of spiritual power, he
would spare nothing!
Wang Tengfei gave a cold harrumph. With so many people looking
on, he didn’t want to dodge the attack, but there were just too many
flying swords. They appeared to be approaching in a direct line, and
yet something about the attack looked off. He had a dark premonition
that if he attempted to dodge the attack, he would still be walking into
death.
For the first time, something flickered within Wang Tengfei’s eyes.
Lifting his finger, he immediately moved into the fourth finger attack. A
ripple appeared in front of him, and even as it began to spread out,
Meng Hao’s fingers stopped moving and he clasped his palms
together flat in front of him.
“Wind-construct Sword!” As soon as the words came out of Meng
Hao’s mouth, the seventy flying swords suddenly began to combine
together.

The onlookers gaped in shock as the fourth wave of swords picked
up speed, slamming into the third wave, which then swept into the
sword rain of the second wave, and then finally smacked into the
back of the first wave. Then a sweeping wind pressed in from multiple
directions to form them into the solid shape! From a distance, it
appeared as if they had formed a gigantic flying sword.
This was Meng Hao’s Flying Sword Matrix, created along with the
issuance of his Wind Blade.
It was a sword technique he had developed after his time on the
black mountain. It shot toward Wang Tengfei with irresistible force.
Popping sounds filled the air as the ripple in front of Wang Tengfei
began to warp as if it were being pushed against by a massive force.
This in turn caused Wang Tengfei, for the first time ever, to take a
step backward.
“How arrogant of you to force me to take a step back.” This was the
first time he had spoken to Meng Hao during the entire battle. His left
hand slapped his bag of holding and a glittering, crystal statue
appeared. It was a statue of a horse, vivid and lifelike, seemingly full
of energy and spirit.
A neighing sound filled the air, and the crystal statue seemed to come
to life, leaping out of Wang Tengfei’s palm and flying straight toward
Meng Hao’s giant sword. As soon as they collided, the giant sword
began to collapse, starting from its tip. Layer after layer of swords
peeled away, torn apart by the crystal horse. Within an instant, a
huge portion of the giant sword had been destroyed, and the only
thing left was the hilt. Flying swords scattered about in all directions.
Seeing this, the onlookers’ hearts raced, and they had little time to
even process in their minds what was happening. They appeared
shocked beyond belief.
SOOYOuNA | 182

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
And then, just as the giant sword was broken down into a mere hilt, a
new sword flew out from the midst of the other swords. A sword made
of wood. It shot toward the crystal horse, and when the two hit each
other, a sound boomed out louder than any sound which had been
heard so far during the battle. It echoed out multiple times.
As of now, the wooden sword was the only sword under Meng Hao’s
control. Everything up to this point had been a ruse to keep it
concealed, then use it in a surprise move.
The sword, once meant for Wang Tengfei, was now in Meng Hao’s
hands. To Wang Tengfei, it was a treasure, but to Meng Hao, it was
worth two thousand Spirit Stones. Regardless of how powerful it was,
it was the most powerful weapon he had, so of course he would use
it.
Amidst the deafening boom, the crystal horse began to shake, and a
multitude of cracks appeared on its surface. Then, it simply collapsed
into pieces.
Wang Tengfei’s expression changed instantly. Carrying with it the
remaining flying swords, the wooden sword shot toward him. As it
neared, he reflexively lifted his arm, focused his Cultivation base on
his finger and shot out an explosive force. The force sent all the flying
swords spinning, but not the wooden sword. It continued on, stabbing
into his finger and shredding it to bloody pieces. Then it spun back to
hover next to Meng Hao.
“That finger brought me humiliation,” Meng Hao said slowly. “Today, I
cripple it!” He spat out a mass of blood, staggering back several
paces. Blood dripped from the corners of his mouth.
Wang Tengfei took several heavy steps back, ignoring the pain of his
finger, eyes filled with disbelief. He stared at the wooden sword

floating next to Meng Hao. The words Meng Hao had just uttered
rang in his ears. And then, an unspeakable rage welled up within him.
He recognized this sword!
The moment Wang Tengfei’s finger was shredded to pieces, all the
Cultivators in the square were shocked. The buzz of conversation
again arose.
“Meng Hao destroyed Elder Brother Wang’s finger. This... this can’t
be!”
“Elder Brother Wang is injured. He’s a Chosen, but Meng Hao
decimated his finger... Meng Hao...”
“It’s scary that he has so many flying swords. And he used seventy of
them to make a giant sword. How astonishing!”
SOOYOuNA | 183
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Shangguan Xiu sucked in a deep breath. Everything that was
happening seemed unimaginable.
He wasn’t the only one surprised. Grand Elder Ouyang had stood up
and was looking at Meng Hao, his eyes filled with deep admiration
and intense anticipation.
Even He Luohua, standing atop the East Mountain, stared down at
Meng Hao, his eyes glittering.
The buzz of conversation reached Wang Tengfei’s ears, but he paid it
no heed, as if he hadn’t heard it at all. Fury burned in his eyes, and
he stared murderously at the wooden sword circling Meng Hao.
“So it was you!” Wang Tengfei didn’t even bother to stop the blood
from gushing out of where finger had once been. He had only been

furious once before in his life, and that was the day in the cave when
he realized the treasure he had hunted for years had been snatched
away. His inner humiliation and madness, and his hatred toward that
unknown person, had seeped into his very bones.
This matter was his biggest regret. His shrill screams that day still
seemed to echo in his ears.
Often, he was shaken from meditation deep in the quiet of night, his
heart dripping with blood, feeling like a fool. Every time he thought
about it, he fought the urge to go crazy.
Today was the second time in his life that he was furious. He
recognised the sword. In his eyes, it belonged to him, his own
treasure with which control heaven and earth. And today... here it was
in Meng Hao’s hands.
“So it was you!” Wang Tengfei’s eyes overflowed with murder. His
desire to kill Meng Hao could not be any stronger. This look was so
different from his usual calm visage that the surrounding Cultivators
could not help but murmur to each other about it.
“It was you who stole away my treasure!” Wang Tengfei stared at the
wooden sword, murder roiling in his eyes. He felt an impulsive desire
to rip Meng Hao to pieces. He suddenly laughed, and as the laughter
rolled out across the square, he seemed to grow even more aweinspiring.
“I have no idea what Elder Brother Wang is talking about,” said Meng
Hao coldly, wiping the blood off of his mouth. “This sword is yours?
Are you sure you haven’t made a mistake?” He consumed several
Demonic Cores.
“I planned for years to get that sword. It is one-of-a-kind, the only like
it in the world. The gold lines on its surface were etched by Heaven
itself. Of course I haven’t made a mistake.” Wang Tengfei looked up

to the skies and laughed. It was a grim laugh, a laugh that seemed to
make everything around it grow cold.
SOOYOuNA | 184
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 33: IS THIS SWORD YOURS TOO?
Wang Tengfei glared at Meng Hao with cold eyes, then took a step
forward. He slapped his bag of holding, and two glittering beams of
light shot out. Two magical treasures appeared, one a stone tiger, the
other a stone aquatic dragon.
They were accompanied by two sounds which reverberated across
the square, one, the roaring of a tiger, the other, the howl of a aquatic
dragon. The treasures immediately transformed. The first became a
white tiger, a few dozen meters in length, the other, a magnificent
aquatic dragon. They circled around Wang Tengfei, making him look
even more imposing.
“You can refuse to admit it, but that sword is mine,” said Wang
Tengfei, his voice ghastly. “I never agreed to let you have it and you
are not permitted to leave with it.” His fingers moved in an incantation
pattern, and the white tiger roared and leaped toward Meng Hao. The
aquatic dragon howled as it followed, its body becoming a streaking
rainbow.
Meng Hao moved backwards, waving his right hand. The wooden
sword flashed forward, followed by a Wind Blade and a Flame
Python.
A boom reverberated out and Meng Hao coughed up a mouthful of
blood. As he flew back, he saw Wang Tengfei walking out from the
explosion, his snow-white robes and long hair floating in the wind, a
look of murder on his beautiful features. His eyes shone forth with
ridicule.

“Absurd!” said Meng Hao. “You clearly see that the sword is
extraordinary, so you want to use the Inner Sect training as an
opportunity to rob it from me!”
“It’s useless to keep talking. I will kill you today, and then you will
know that you aren’t qualified to take things which belong to Wang
Tengfei.” His eyes cold, he waved his hand again; roaring and
howling, the white tiger and the aquatic dragon once again charged
Meng Hao.
“One-of-a-kind? The only one like it in the world?” Meng Hao
laughed, his eyes sneering. He made no attempt to hide the cold
ridicule. “Why don’t you take a look and see if the sword really is one
of a kind like you say?” His left hand slapped his bag of holding, and
a black beam shot out to circle around Meng Hao. A loud humming
sound rang out, like that of a sword. It was his duplicate copy of the
wooden sword!
Now that it had appeared, two wooden swords swirled around him.
They looked exactly the same in every aspect, their sword auras
shining brightly and with immense power.
SOOYOuNA | 185
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
When he laid eyes on the second wooden sword, Wang Tengfei’s
body shook and his eyes went wide, filled with disbelief. His mind
dissolved into chaos, and he felt as if he had just been crushed by an
entire mountain. He immediately lost control of the white tiger and the
aquatic dragon.
“This... this...” His head spun. This unexpected turn of events had
caught him completely off guard. He didn’t know what to think, and
couldn’t even control his mind.

“Is this sword yours too?” Meng Hao’s eyes flashed, and he stepped
forward, suddenly radiating the power of his Cultivation base. “Is this
your one-of-a-kind sword?” He took another step forward.
Wang Tengfei couldn’t answer. Feeling the pressure of Meng Hao’s
spirit, he involuntarily took two steps backwards.
“Is this the only sword like it in the whole world?” Meng Hao’s eyes
flickered as if with lightning. He continued moving forward, as if all the
power he possessed were supporting him.
Wang Tengfei’s face grew pale, and he continued to retreat.
“Wang Tengfei, these two swords are Meng Hao’s! My swords of
heaven and earth!” Eyes burning, Meng Hao leaped into the air,
incantation patterns flashing in his hands. The two wooden swords
glowed brightly, shooting toward the white tiger and the aquatic
dragon.
A boom rang out as the white tiger was broken to pieces and the
aquatic dragon shattered.
Filled with power that seemed capable of destroying anything in the
world, the two wooden swords shot toward Wang Tengfei.
Seeing them approach, Wang Tengfei suddenly lifted his head. He
slammed his right hand down onto the ground, and a massive
incense stick appeared. As it burned, tendrils of smoke curled up and
then shot in Meng Hao’s direction. As they moved, they transformed
into two figures which slammed into the two wooden swords. A
thunderous boom sounded out.
The incense stick was smashed, and the wooden swords retreated
back to Meng Hao, who spat out a mouthful of blood. He watched as
Wang Tengfei moved forward through the smoke. He didn’t walk on
the platform, but rather flew through the air, carried forward by

tendrils of smoke. He looked at Meng Hao with a strange expression,
then eyed the two wooden swords.
At the moment, he was still completely at a loss about them, and had
begun to doubt himself.
According to his research in the ancient records, the wooden sword
really was unique in heaven and earth. There could not be a second
one. Regardless of that, the sword was exactly the same one he had
seen before, except now there were two...
SOOYOuNA | 186
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao looked at Wang Tengfei soaring through the air and let out
a cold snort. He slapped his bag of holding and two ordinary flying
swords appeared. He stepped forward onto them, and they carried
him flying into the air. This caused quite a stir amongst the observing
Cultivators.
“Only Cultivators who have reached Foundation Establishment can
fly. But look, he’s flying...”
“Brother Wang has some magical item that lets him fly temporarily,
but Meng Hao... he’s not sparing any spiritual energy at all. He’s
using the flying swords to fly.”
Killing intent flickered in Wang Tengfei’s eyes as he stared at Meng
Hao. He put the matter of the wooden swords out of mind.
Regardless of whether or not these were the treasures he had
sought, he would take them away.
As the killing intent filled the air, Wang Tengfei slapped his bag of
holding, and a strip of yellow paper appeared in front of him, a
talisman. Its surface was inscribed with various mystical patterns, and
it emitted a strong spiritual pressure. It shined with a golden light.

This talisman appeared to be quite different than the one Han Zong
had used.
“If you allow me to take the treasure, you can feel some pride when
you reach the yellow springs of the underworld,” said Wang Tengfei,
glaring at Meng Hao. He felt somewhat distressed. This talisman was
the last magical item in his bag of holding. He had spent everything
else he possessed in his search for the wooden sword.
He would not have used the talisman were it not necessary. Normally,
it could be used three times. But with the level of his Cultivation base,
he could only use it once. Even still, it was powerful, enough to slay a
Cultivator of the eighth level of Qi condensation.
Glaring coldly at Meng Hao, Wang Tengfei suddenly lifted his right
hand and waved it in front of him. At the same time, his spat out
some of his spiritual energy, transferring it to the talisman.
The talisman glowed with immeasurable brightness; as Meng Hao
flew through the air, he looked down at it, and suddenly felt a
stabbing pain inside him.
It was at this moment that Wang Tengfei’s face changed. He suddenly
realized that he didn’t have enough spiritual energy... In fact, he now
noticed that the spiritual energy in his body was continuously draining
out through his wounded finger.
Because he had been enraged upon seeing the first wooden sword,
then shocked and confused by the second, he hadn’t sensed it until
now. As of now, there was not enough spirit energy to SOOYOuNA |
187
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
fully activate the talisman, and not enough time to consume medicinal
pills to replenish himself.

“Even though the talisman can’t be fully utilized, it’s still strong
enough to kill someone of the sixth level of Qi condensation. Killing
you will be as easy as falling off a log!” With no hesitation, he flung
the talisman out. It suddenly appeared to be a golden sun which shot
toward Meng Hao.
At this life-and-death juncture, a strange light appeared in Meng
Hao’s eyes. Even as he flew through mid-air, he suddenly caught a
glimpse of the dream he had experienced the day he consumed the
Flying Rain-Dragon’s Demonic Core. In the dream, he had looked
down into a lake and seen the reflection of the ancient Flying RainDragon. Now, he could see the same thing again.
“A sovereign of the sky...” Meng Hao felt as if he were filled with good
fortune. He closed his eyes, and as the golden sun summoned by the
talisman approached, the Demonic Core which rested in his Core
lake began to shudder. Then, a massive force of spiritual power burst
out, filling Meng Hao’s body and causing him to snap his hands out in
front of him.
All of the various swords laying around, which he had previously lost
control off, suddenly began to shake, then lifted into the air and sped
toward Meng Hao. At the same time, the rest of the flying swords in
his bag of holding flew out, along with the rest of the various magical
items he possessed. They began to merge together, glowing with an
intense brightness. All of this was happening, not because of Meng
Hao’s spiritual energy, but because of the Demonic Core’s!
For some reason, the Demonic Core had suddenly been stirred into
action, and its eruption had utilized some sort of underworldly power
to control the nearly one hundred flying swords and magical items. In
the blink of an eye, they had merged together to form... an ancient
Flying Rain-Dragon!
Its form was somewhat indistinct, perhaps indistinguishable to the
onlookers. Even Wang Tengfei wasn’t aware of it, now that he had

lost his Blood connection to the Legacy. Only Meng Hao could sense
it.
The two wooden swords were the Flying Rain-Dragon’s fangs. It let
out a roar filled with the power of heaven and earth then charged
toward the talisman. As soon as they met, a thunderous explosion
rang out which shook the entirety of the Reliance Sect. The
surrounding Outer Sect disciples retreated backward, nearly
deafened. Some of the disciples with low-level Cultivation bases were
nearly knocked senseless.
Both the talisman and the Flying Rain-Dragon contained power far
beyond the sixth level of Qi condensation. When they smashed into
each other, even someone of the seventh level SOOYOuNA | 188
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
would be shaken. Only someone of the eighth level might possibly be
able to withstand the power.
As the reverberations from the explosion rang out, the golden sun
faded rapidly, and the Flying Rain-Dragon began to fall apart. Layer
by layer, one sword, ten swords, one hundred swords...
they slowly fell, along with the other magical items which had merged
together to form the dragon. They fell and transformed to ash, which
drifted away in the wind.
The talisman slowly faded away, and the magical items forming the
Flying Rain-Dragon disappeared... but not the two wooden swords.
Instead, they shot forward toward pale-faced Wang Tengfei.
Wang Tengfei watched as the swords approached, stabbing toward
his chest. Just as they were about to plunge into his heart, a light,
sighing voice could be heard descending from the East Mountain.

“Very well, there’s nothing left to do.” Along with the sigh came a
gentle force which appeared next to Wang Tengfei, blocking the
wooden swords. Wang Tengfei was lifted up and pulled back, off of
the platform and down onto the square. He coughed up blood, his
eyes blank and confused. He couldn’t believe it... he had lost.
He Luohua had appeared on the platform. Grand Elder Ouyang
immediately saluted him with clasped fists. “Greetings, Sect Leader.”
A buzz arose among the surrounding Outer Sect disciples. Each and
every one greeted the Sect Leader and saluted respectfully.
Meng Hao looked pale. His spiritual energy was completely dried up.
If the Flying Rain-Dragon’s Demonic Core had not exercised its
power, he would not have been able to continue.
His bags of holding were now completely empty of any magical items.
As far as he was concerned, this battle had been a bitter one indeed.
Although he wasn’t quite willing to let Wang Tengfei continue to live,
with the Sect Leader here, he had no choice. He would not be able to
kill Wang Tengfei this day.
Without a word, he descended onto the platform, his stubborn
personality forcing his body to remain upright. He took a few steps
forward, then reached down to pick up the Wang Tengfei’s talisman,
which had drifted to the ground, and placed it into his robe. Then he
lifted his head and looked at He Luohua.
“In this match, Meng Hao is the winner,” said He Luohua, looking at
Meng Hao with a slight smile. “From this day forth, he is the third
member of the Reliance Inner Sect.” His words rang SOOYOuNA |
189
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

out over the silent square. The minds of the onlookers were still
reeling, the details of the battle replaying in their heads.
Wang Tengfei looked confused, and when he heard He Luohua’s
words, he let out a bitter laugh. He looked around at the crowd, who
already seemed to have forgotten him, and his heart filled with regret.
He laughed again, then coughed up some blood, and collapsed into
unconsciousness.
As he collapsed, Meng Hao bit down hard on his own tongue. He
saluted He Luohua, then sat down cross-legged and began to
meditate.
Grand Elder Ouyang looked at him, his eyes filled with admiration. He
slapped his own bag of holding and produced a medicinal pill, which
flew forward toward Meng Hao. Meng Hao grabbed it and popped it
into his mouth.
He was exhausted to the extreme. Despite his eyes growing dim, he
continued on with his breathing exercises, slowly attempting to
recover.
SOOYOuNA | 190
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 34: FAME FROM 1,000 YEARS AGO!
Fatty beamed with joy, happy beyond belief, heart pounding. For
Meng Hao to become an Inner Sect disciple was almost like he
himself had.
Shangguan Xiu stood in the crowd, face grim. After a bit of time
passed, he lowered his head, turned, and left. As he left, his face
grew darker, but there was really nothing he could do. Now that Meng
Hao was a member of the Inner Sect, even his status as an Elder

didn’t give him the right to interrogate him. Now, Meng Hao was a
true member of the Reliance Sect.
“I reached the seventh level of Qi condensation before I was thirty. I
was the number one disciple in the Inner Sect. But now...”
Shangguan Xiu sighed. He was loath to give up, but had no choice.
Just then, something happened that no one noticed, neither
Shangguan Xiu nor Grand Elder Ouyang. Not even Sect Leader He
Luohua. Far away from the Reliance Sect, on the peak of the treecovered black mountain, standing outside of the empty cave, was a
mysterious, powerful figure.
The figure was indistinct, its face unclear. But its body was wreathed
in an aura vastly different from the spiritual power of heaven and
earth, an aura that actually seemed to have been rejected by the
Heavens. The wind around the figure changed, filling with indistinct
cracks that circled around him... and yet an onlooker would not be
able to see any of this.
“Reliance Sect... what a vulgar name,” the blood-red figure’s voice
was hoarse as it spoke, filled with a Demonic air. “The name was
intentionally changed one thousand years ago to prevent the
Heavens from carrying out the punishment of withholding
reincarnation. But it is still...
The Demon Sealing Sect! And a disciple of the Demon Sealing sect
actually dared to consume the Core of the Flying Rain-Dragon, and
accept its Legacy... interesting. It seems it was not in vain that I
helped you those two times.” Even as its voice continued to echo out,
bolts of red lightning began to fall. The destructive lightning fell over
and over again, but it was over three thousand meters away, as if the
Heavens had no power to touch the figure.
The red figure seemed to frown, then looked up coldly into the sky.
“Sooner or later, you shall be defied, Heavens!” Then it turned toward
the Southern Domain and took a step forward.

“My true self has been slumbering, and in my boredom, my divine
clone has swept throughout heaven and earth. What I’ve just seen is
interesting. Very interesting.” Laughter rang out, and the figure
disappeared, gone in the blink of an eye.
SOOYOuNA | 191
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The figure’s arrival and departure, the roiling heavens, the approach
of the lightning, onlookers could not see any of it!
Time raced by, and soon seven days had passed.
During the seven days, everyone in the Outer Sect was talking about
Meng Hao’s ascension to become an Inner Sect disciple.
Even though everyone had seen the event with their own eyes, it had
left them shocked to the core. Despite seven days having passed,
they would often lift their heads to gaze at the East Mountain, eyes
filled with envy.
There were some people who felt sorry for Wang Tengfei, but they
didn’t say anything. It was as if after the battle, Wang Tengfei’s name
had become a thing of the past.
Disciples who had been Meng Hao’s enemies were even more
disturbed than before, filled with dread. But Meng Hao was no longer
present in the Outer Sect, so all they could do was find Fatty to fawn
over.
Fatty’s prestige exploded in just a few days. He was the new shop
owner at the Low-Level Public Zone, having taken over for Meng
Hao. He revelled in the attention of his fellow disciples, filing away at
his teeth triumphantly. He was even able to move into one of the nicer
residences in the Outer Sect.

Meng Hao was quite busy during the seven days. The Reliance Sect
might have been in decline, but there were still rules to follow. Meng
Hao bathed and donned new clothes. He kowtowed to the image of
Patriarch Reliance and the other Patriarchs of the Sect. Of course,
there were many complicated procedures and details involved in all of
this.
During this time, he didn’t see Elder Sister Xu at all, as she had
secluded herself in meditation.
However, he did see Elder Brother Chen Fan [1], dressed in his silver
robe. From his time in the Outer Sect, Meng Hao’s impression of him
was that he rarely smiled and was rather old-fashioned. But after
getting to know him he found that no matter what question he had,
Elder Brother Chen would patiently give a detailed explanation. Meng
Hao actually liked him. He thought back to the rumors he’d heard,
that Elder Brother Chen Fan cared only about righteousness and the
Dao, ignoring matters of the mortal world.
After the seven days had passed, Meng Hao was granted an Inner
Sect Immortal’s Cave on the East Mountain. Its Spirit Spring bubbled
with thick Spiritual Energy, much more so than his previous
Immortal’s Cave.
SOOYOuNA | 192
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Unfortunately, his good mood changed a bit the first time he laid
hands on the Spirit Stones and medicinal pills available for Inner Sect
disciples. He stood there, staring down at them stupidly.
These Spirit Stones were clearly better than the ones available in the
Outer Sect. They were larger, and were not completely transparent,
but rather filled with an indistinct, mist-like substance. Meng Hao’s
face grew pale.

“These are mid-grade Spirit Stones?” murmured Meng Hao. “And
Inner Sect disciples get one per year... It’s worth one hundred lowgrade Spirit Stones from the Outer Sect...” His head spun as he
absorbed the information from the ancient piece of jade in front of
him, which described the identification methods and differences
between the different types of Spirit Stones available to Cultivators
engaged in Qi condensation.
“Above mid-grade Spirit Stones are high-grade Spirit Stones.... which
don’t even exist in the State of Zhao. One of those is worth at least
ten-thousand low-grade Spirit Stones... they’re basically priceless.”
Meng Hao’s insides twisted, and he took out the few large Spirit
Stones he had left in his bag of holding. His face looked more and
more unsightly.
“You can tell the value of a Spirit Stone by looking at its size and its
internal composition. High-grade Spirit Stones are the largest, and
are at least half-covered inside with thick mist formations... The
Spiritual Energy inside won’t leak out, and can only be used by a
Cultivator who has reached Foundation Establishment.” Meng Hao
looked mutely at the Spirit Stone he held in his hand. It was larger
than a mid-grade Spirit Stone by at least three times, and was almost
completely filled with mist formations. It was dazzling, and not a drop
of Spiritual Energy emerged from it.
“This... this can’t be a high-grade Spirit Stone! I... I squandered two
thousand high-grade Spirit Stones!” Meng Hao’s heart dropped, and
he tried to comfort himself. He thought about the extraordinary
wooden sword and how much Wang Tengfei cared about it. And then
he thought about the price he had paid the copper mirror to duplicate
it. He simply couldn’t comprehend the price he had paid in Spirit
Stones...
“But how come it seems like this Spirit Stone is even bigger than the
descriptions of high-grade Spirit Stones, and has even more mist
formations inside?” His heart quavered, and he didn’t dare to think
about it anymore. His face was pale, and he felt pained to the core.

It took him a while to get control of himself, whereupon he put away
the Spirit Stones.
“An insignificant two thousand high-grade Spirit Stones,” muttered
Meng Hao. “It was nothing, nothing at all.” But when he said the word
‘insignificant,’ it sounded a bit forced.
More days flew by.
SOOYOuNA | 193
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Junior Brother, I watched your battle. You used a lot of magical
items. If you had run out, you would have been in a difficult situation.
You should go to the Magic Pavilion more often. There are a
thousand years of ancient Reliance Sect records there that you could
study from.”
“Junior Brother, I noticed that you’re always hunting small creatures
and cooking them for food. That’s not correct. Us Cultivators should
breathe in the spiritual energy of heaven and earth and cast off our
mortal bodies. If you’re always eating animals, aren’t you wasting
your spiritual energy?”
“Junior Brother, you have too many bags of holding on your person.
You shouldn’t do it that way. You should have all your items in one
bag, that way they are easier to take out.”
As the days passed, Meng Hao forced himself not to think about
Spirit Stones. It didn’t take long before he understood Elder Brother
Chen Fan a lot better, and soon he spent most of his time with him,
being instructed. He soon realized that this Elder Brother was nothing
at all like the rumors in the Outer Sect held him out to be. Although he
was very focused on the Dao, he wasn’t taciturn at all. In fact, when
he he started talking, he would keep going for hours and hours,
sometimes even an entire day.

Soon it came to the point that if he didn’t go looking for Chen Fan,
then Chen Fan would come looking for him in his Immortal’s Cave,
and the discussions would begin.
Meng Hao couldn’t refuse. He could only force a smile and listen.
Sometimes he would fall asleep in the middle of it, only to wake up to
find Brother Chen Fan still talking. He couldn’t help but feel sorry for
him.
“There aren’t enough disciples in the Inner Sect, so Elder Brother
Chen doesn’t have anyone to talk to. Therefore, he’s developed this
strange tendency...” Meng Hao now understood why Elder Sister Xu
went into secluded meditation so often. Even he himself had thought
of going into meditation to get a break from Elder Brother Chen.
Whenever he left his Immortal’s Cave, Elder Brother Chen would be
there to accompany him.
“I wonder when Elder Sister Xu is going to come out of meditation,”
thought Meng Hao with a smile. “I can’t wait to see the look on her
face when she sees me.” He now wore a silver robe, and his long hair
fluttered behind him as he sat on a mountain crag. He stared at the
setting sun, ignoring Elder Brother Chen’s constant yammering.
“Junior Brother must be wondering when Junior Sister Xu will be
coming out of meditation,”
said Elder Brother Chen with a smile, looking at Meng Hao.
“Yeah... Uh, what?”
SOOYOuNA | 194
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Elder Brother Chen’s sudden change of topic left Meng Hao
speechless.

“No need to be shy, Junior Brother,” bantered Elder Brother Chen
with a smile. “Junior Sister Xu Qing [2] is a natural beauty, it’s
perfectly normal for you to have a crush on her.” He had a
uncomplicated disposition, and was easy to get along with. Meng Hao
liked him. As soon as they had met, he had been willing to take Meng
Hao on as a Junior Brother.
“Xu Qing?” Meng Hao coughed. He decided to change the topic. “No,
no, I never... oh, right.
Elder Brother Chen, a while back you were saying something about
what happens after a Cultivator completes his Qi Condensation?”
“After Qi Condensation comes Foundation Establishment, the
shedding of the mortal body.
This is true spiritual cultivation, and truly being a Cultivator.” Elder
Brother Chen smiled at Meng Hao, shaking his head. He was no
longer bantering, but speaking warmly.
“During the process of establishing the Spiritual Foundation, nine Dao
pillars will arise within your Core Lake, deep and bottomless. They
will grow within your body, and this is Foundation Establishment. Of
course, there are different types of Foundations, based on the various
magical methods used to congeal the Dao pillars. If nine cracks
appear, it is a Flawless Foundation. If eighteen cracks appear, it is a
Cracked Foundation. More than eighteen cracks means it is a
Fractured Foundation. Of these, Flawless is the best, Cracked is
good. Fractured is the most common.
“The Reliance Sect used to have a manual describing a method to
Establishing a Flawless Foundation, acquired by Patriarch Reliance.
Because of this, he was famous in all of the State of Zhao. His name
was even known in the Southern Domain. Sadly... when the Patriarch
went missing, the technique was not handed down.” Chen Fan
explained everything slowly and in great detail. This was just his
personality, and Meng Hao had gotten used to it over the days.

“After Foundation Establishment is the great path to Core Formation.
The Sect Leader is in this stage. After that, when you develop a
Nascent Soul, then you can live forever, and be a true Immortal of
this land.”
“What about after the Nascent Soul stage?” asked Meng Hao,
listening intently and feeling longing in his heart.
“After the Nascent Soul stage is Spirit Severing. That was the stage
the Patriarch was at. It is the most difficult stage, where life hangs on
a thread. Spirit Severing involves several Severings before complete
success. That year, Patriarch Reliance left the Sect to meditate in
seclusion, and still hasn’t returned.” Chen Fan spoke calmly
throughout his explanation, but his attachment to cultivate was clear
from his expression.
SOOYOuNA | 195
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Perhaps one day I, Meng Hao, will have a chance to enter the Spirit
Severing stage,” he murmured. “What is after that?”
“The stages after Spirit Severing are too high,” said Chen Fan lightly.
“I don’t know the details.
You have to go to the Southern Domain to learn about those things.
In any case, the whole point is Immortal Ascension.”
“Immortal Ascension?”
“Immortal Ascension.”
The mountain breeze gently lifted the hair of the two disciples,
carrying their voices off into the distance.
“Junior Brother, if one day you go out into the world to continue your
training, you cannot limit yourself to the State of Zhao.” Elder Brother

Chen looked at Meng Hao kindly. “Don’t forget, the State of Zhao is a
remote State in the Southern Domain of the Nanshan Continent.
The Spiritual Energy here is not abundant, and there are few
Cultivators.
“The Southern Domain is the true world of Cultivation. Even though
the law of the jungle is brutal and ruthless there, it truly represents the
peak of the southern regions of the Nanshan continent. Heroes
abound, as do Chosen. Compared to there, the State of Zhao is quite
calm and peaceful. Cultivators of my generation must climb
mountains and tread upon piles of bones to succeed.” A strange light
filled his eyes, as if he weren’t speaking to Meng Hao, but rather to
himself.
Meng Hao felt quite moved by Elder Brother Chen’s words. Before,
he had been somewhat ignorant, but having things so clearly
explained left his head buzzing, as if a giant map had suddenly been
rolled out in front of him. On the map was the Great Tang in the
Eastern Lands, and the heroes of the Southern Domain.
“To follow the path of spirituality, one must abandon the mortal world.
You are no longer a mortal. You are a Cultivator, destined to defy the
Heavens. If you are not strong, then you are not qualified to exist. If
you are not strong, you are not qualified to practice Cultivation. If you
are not strong, then you are not qualified to stay alive, but only to be
trampled over. Are you willing to live this kind of life?” Brother Chen
gazed at Meng Hao. As his words entered Meng Hao’s ears and sank
into his heart, his eyes began to glitter, and he began to think.
“I am a scholar from Yunjie County. My parents went missing when I
was just a child, and my dream was always to be become rich and
never again live in poverty, then eventually go see the the Great Tang
in the Eastern Lands.” The chill night wind blew at his hair as he lost
himself in contemplation, the same way he had that year on the top of
Mount Daqing.

SOOYOuNA | 196
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
1. Chen Fan’s name in Chinese is 陈凡 (chén fán) – Chen is a
common family name. Fan means
“mortal” or “ordinary”
2. Xu Qing’s name in Chinese is 许清 (xǔ qīng) – Xu is a family name.
However, it has a variety of other meanings as a character including
“to praise” and “to allow.” Qing means “pure”
or “clear”
SOOYOuNA | 197
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 35: I’M NOT WILLING!
Time slipped by, and at some point, Elder Brother Chen left. Even
though Meng Hao had just entered the Inner Sect, he was still a
junior Brother, and it was Chen Fan’s responsibility to explain matters
to him, to help him understand what Cultivation truly is. To help him to
know what it means to move forward lest one fall behind, and to
comprehend the life-and-death path that was the Cultivation world.
Entering the Inner Sect was his first true step across the threshold
into that world. The next step was Foundation Establishment.
Meng Hao sat alone on the boulder, staring into the sky at the moon
and the vast multitude of stars. He was silent, his mind filled with
countless thoughts. He felt somewhat confused.
Time continued to pass, and soon it was the middle of the night.
Wang Tengfei sat in his Immortal’s Cave, looking down at his right
hand with its missing index finger. He looked confused. In front of him

was a jade slip, broken in half. When he had regained
consciousness, that was the first thing he had done.
He hadn’t managed to enter the Inner Sect, and thus had not
accomplished his second goal.
He was on the verge of despair. As soon as he had regained
consciousness, he had snapped the jade slip in two with a bitter
smile.
He had been defeated, thoroughly defeated, and by none other than
an insect. He had been defeated by Meng Hao’s sword and weak
Cultivation base. Had He Luohua not intervened, he would be dead.
This defeat ended his path here at the Reliance Sect. He had not
emerged from his Immortal’s Cave after awakening. He had simply
sat there in a daze.
He was a Chosen. His Clan’s reputation in the Southern Domain was
indomitable. He had been insufferably proud since childhood, as if the
world lay at his feet. That was why he had refused to stay in his Clan,
but rather came here to the State of Zhao and the Reliance Sect, to
search for the Legacy and treasure. He had even postponed
Foundation Establishment in order to pursue his two goals. As of
now, though, everything had blown away like ash in the wind.
Wang Tengfei’s bitter laughter echoed throughout the Immortal’s
Cave. He laughed and laughed, clenching his fists tightly. Although,
his nails were not very sharp, so he couldn’t experience the pain
Meng Hao had that day.
SOOYOuNA | 198
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He just could not accept it. If he had been defeated at the hands of a
Chosen, then he could bear the loss. But the person who had robbed

his place in the Inner Sect, who had trampled him underfoot, was
someone he didn’t even deign to look at, an insect whose name he
hadn’t even been able to recall. He just couldn’t accept it.
At this moment, the main door of Wang Tengfei’s Immortal’s Cave
suddenly disintegrated noiselessly. The entire door turned into ash,
which floated down to the ground of the Immortal’s Cave.
A middle-aged man stood in the doorway, wearing a black robe,
hands clasped behind his back.
He seemed somewhat emaciated, but carried a haughty air. The
moonlight fell onto him, and seemed to quiver and turn into ripples. It
was as this man’s mere existence could cause the surrounding
mountain chains to tremble.
Next to the middle-aged man was a young woman, perhaps eighteen
or nineteen years of age.
She was incredibly beautiful, tall and slender. She wore no makeup,
and yet her face glowed like the dawn. Her hair was pinned up in the
shape of a swallow’s tail, and her body seemed as if it were carved
from jade. She wore a thin, light green garment. Standing there in the
moonlight, she emanated a magical aura, cool and composed,
refined and free from worldly vulgarity. She looked just like a female
celestial, descended from heaven.
“The Wang Clan is one of the three great Cultivation Clans in the
Southern Domain,” said the middle-aged man coolly. His voice
contained an awe-inspiring coldness difficult to describe.
“It has outmatched many Sects, and has existed for ten thousand
years in the Southern Domain.
“You are a Chosen of the Wang Clan. From birth, you have been
destined to do extraordinary things, to rise higher than the highest

heavens. You were foreordained to engage in struggles with other
Immortals.”
As Wang Tengfei listened to the middle-aged man’s words, he slowly
lifted his head, ignoring his severed finger.
“What do some minor setbacks count for? This paltry State of Zhao
wouldn’t count for anything in the Southern Domain. It’s filled with
ants. If I sent a single Nascent Soul stage Clan member here, he
could wipe this place clean.” The middle-aged man spoke with
complete certainty, leaving no room for argument. Wang Tengfei
clenched his fists, and fire appeared in his eyes.
“Your true enemies are the other Chosen members in the Clan, the
successors of the two major Clans in the Southern Domain, and the
disciples of the rest of the five Clans. Only they are worthy to be your
enemy. If they saw your sorry state now, how could you dare to claim
the name Wang?!
SOOYOuNA | 199
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Tell me, what is your family name?” said the middle-aged man with a
flick of his sleeve.
“My name is Wang!” Wang Tengfei stood, his eyes gleaming.
The middle-aged man looked at Wang Tengfei for a long moment,
then his eyes grew soft.
“You are a Roc of the Wang Clan. In a few years, you will reach
Foundation Establishment. In the future, on the great path to Core
Formation, you will have the assistance of the Violet Qi from the East
technique of your fiancée’s Sect. You will successfully achieve Core
Formation soon. After that, you will have your Nascent Soul. When

that happens, you will find that the pitiable person who defeated you
here in the State of Zhao, is still practicing Qi Condensation.
“Then you can truly look down on him like the insect he is.” He gave
Wang Tengfei a meaningful look, then turned away.
“Tengfei,” said the beautiful girl. Her light voice was pleasant, and
combined with her beauty, made her incredibly enticing. She was
perfect, in the same way Wang Tengfei was perfect.
Were they to be together, they would truly be a match made in
heaven, the envy of anyone traversing the path of Immortality.
Wang Tengfei looked at the girl silently. This was his fiancée, Chu
Yuyan [1], daughter of the Sect Leader of the Violet Fate Sect. She
was a Chosen of her Sect, and one of four most famous women in
the Southern Domain.
“Let’s go back,” she said softly, gazing at Wang Tengfei tenderly.
Wang Tengfei nodded. He followed the girl out of the Immortal’s
Cave. Along with the middle-aged man, they walked forward, and
suddenly a rumbling sound shook the night sky. A massive lightning
bolt shot down from the sky, transforming into a flying battleship,
nearly three hundred meters long. The ship was black, and emanated
the feeling of death, especially the massive flagpole from which
flapped a red flag, embroidered with the character “Wang.”
On the ship stood numerous men with expressionless faces, standing
at attention, radiating cold auras.
The massive noise which had just rung out, as well as the battleship,
left the disciples of the Reliance Sect trembling in fear. They looked
up at the sight, disbelief written across their face.
Meng Hao still sat on the peak of the East Mountain. Pulled out of his
contemplation, he looked up at the shocking black battleship and red

flag, and his heart quivered.
SOOYOuNA | 200
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I should never have agreed to let you come to this backwater place,”
said the middle aged man as they stepped foot onto the ship. “Even if
the Sublime Spirit Scripture was rumored to have been seen here,
that was something that occurred hundreds of years ago.” Wang
Tengfei stood there, looking out at the Reliance Sect. He slowly wiped
away all the memories of the recent years.
No longer was his gaze warm and gentle, no longer was his smile
kind and sincere. He had become cold, especially his eyes, which
radiated hatred. He now seemed completely different from the old
Elder Brother Wang.
He looked down at Meng Hao sitting there on the mountaintop. The
two of them stared at each other for a moment, and then Wang
Tengfei’s eyes once again filled with disregard. As far as he was
concerned, Meng Hao was a bug. Pride filled him, because his family
name was Wang!
At this moment, the middle-aged man caught sight of Meng Hao
sitting there. He didn’t reveal his Cultivation base, but his gaze itself
was enough to cause a thunderous roar which shook the entire East
Mountain. Like a sharp sword, his it toward Meng Hao.
Meng Hao’s expression changed, and he coughed up a mouthful of
blood. His entire body felt ice-cold, and he sensed an intense, deadly
force fall upon him. His head spun, and he lost the power to even
think. He was so weak that he felt as if he could collapse from a
single blow.
He felt death upon him. His body would shrivel up, his soul would
wink out. Blood dripped down from his forehead.

Aloneness. Helplessness. Death. They melded together into a giant
hand which pushed down on him, slowly crushing him to pieces,
smashing him into a place beyond recovery.
Suddenly, a cold snort rang out, filling the entire Reliance Sect, and a
figure in blue appeared in front of Meng Hao.
“Your Cultivation base is in the Core Formation stage. Not a Mixed
Core, either, but at least Purple or Crimson. And yet you bully a Qi
Condensation pup like this? Are you really Wang Xifan [2] of the
Wang Clan of the Southern Domain, Third Generation Dao
Protector?” It was Sect Leader He Luohua. Suddenly, a deafening,
earth-shaking roar erupted.
The sound thundered out, seeming as if everything in sight would
crumble from it. Then it turned into layer upon layer of ripples,
emanating from He Luohua. He stood there as if he were the only
person in the world, staring coldly toward the Wang Xifan as he stood
there in the battleship.
SOOYOuNA | 201
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I’ve incurred Fellow Daoist He’s ridicule,” said Wang Xifan with a
gentle laugh. “I’m here to take Tengfei away. Thank you for caring for
him these years.” His eyes were filled with an indescribable
arrogance. He flicked his sleeve. The battleship began to hum, then it
transformed into a streak of colors and shot off into the starry sky,
leaving behind only the twinkling starlight.
Meng Hao coughed up some more blood, but continued to stare off
into the distance, his cold eyes glittering.
He Luohua looked back silently at Meng Hao, then sighed and left.
Meng Hao gazed off into the distance toward the disappearing
battleship.

“So that was a Core Formation Cultivator. He could crush me with a
single look. And that’s just Core Formation. After that is the Nascent
Soul stage and then the Spirit Severing stage, and even more... The
Southern Domain, the Wang Clan!” Meng Hao ground his teeth
angrily, fire burning in his eyes.
“If you’re not strong, you don’t qualify to exist. If you’re not strong, you
don’t qualify to practice Cultivation. If you’re not strong, you don’t
have the right to keep living, but can only be taken advantage of....
Are you willing to live a life like this?” Elder Brother Chen’s words
echoed in his head, more and more strongly, burning indelibly into his
mind, into his bones, into his soul.
“I’m not willing!” said Meng Hao slowly, clenching his fists. His voice
was weak, but in his heart, the voice resounded like a thunderclap.
“I’m not willing to let anyone take advantage of me!
“I’m not willing to be weak!
“I’m not willing to be deprived of the right to fight back!
“I will be strong! I will become powerful!!” Meng Hao had always
wanted to become rich and travel to the Great Tang in the Eastern
Lands. He still had that desire, but in addition to that, he had a new
belief. He would become powerful. On the path of cultivation, the path
of defying the Heavens, if you are not powerful, you are dead.
SOOYOuNA | 202
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
1. Chu Yuyan’s name in Chinese is 楚玉嫣 (chǔ yù yān) Chu is a
family name. Yu means “jade”
or “beauty,” and Yan means “captivating”

2. Wang Xifan’s name in Chinese is 王锡范 （wáng xī fàn) Wang is a
family name. Xi means
“tin.” Fan means “model” or “example”
SOOYOuNA | 203
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 36: THE PERKS OF THE INNER SECT
Half a month passed, during which Meng Hao spent most of his time
sitting cross-legged in the Sect’s Magic Pavilion, studying the ancient
records. Now he had a much deeper understanding of the State of
Zhao and the Southern Domain.
He had even discovered a hand-drawn map of the sprawling
Nanshan continent, which showed the Great Tang in the Eastern
Lands, the Northern Desert with its Qiang Di flutes, the Barbarian
Western Lands, and of course the Southern Domain, where he was
currently located.
The whole world was neatly displayed on the map, and its image was
now burned into Meng Hao’s brain. The Southern Domain comprised
a vast section of the Nanshan continent, whereas the State of Zhao
was just a tiny dot on its perimeter.
“The Southern Domain is so big that it could hold thousands of the
State of Zhao...” He looked out at the blue sky outside the Magic
Pavilion, his eyes filled with a fascinated look.
“So it turns out that traveling to the Great Tang in the Eastern lands
isn’t that simple. You have to cross the Milky Way Sea...” After a
while, Meng Hao looked back down at the map, looking at all the four
major regions of the Nanshan continent. The Eastern Lands and the
Northern Desert formed a subcontinent, separated from which by a

large ocean were the Western Barbarian Lands and the Southern
Domain, which formed another subcontinent.
When the sun began to fall behind the western mountains, and dusk
approached, Meng Hao rubbed his eyes, returned the map to its
place, and left the Magic Pavilion. He looked off into the distance
toward the east for a while, then turned and headed back to his Inner
Sect Immortal’s Cave.
Inside the Immortal’s cave, the luminescent pearls inlaid into the
ceiling emitted a soft light onto the light green walls. There were five
stone rooms, and a gurgling Spirit Spring, filling the cave with dense
Spiritual Energy. This was a perk available only to disciples of the
Inner Sect.
Meng Hao entered and sat cross-legged onto a slab of white jade. It
was not made of Spirit Stone, but meditating upon it helped one’s
mind to be clear, and was a relatively rare treasure.
This also was something only for Inner Sect disciples.
“Only Inner Sect disciples can truly be considered members of the
Reliance Sect,” thought Meng Hao, quietly looking around. The light
green stone walls were carved with various birds and beasts, each of
which seemed to be filled with deep meaning. Even looking at them
left one feeling refined.
SOOYOuNA | 204
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“These are very different perks from those in the Outer Sect. This is in
order to emphasize the outstanding qualities of Inner Sect disciples.
Just like in the mortal world, there is a division of layers. By
struggling, one can surpass the Outer Sect. After that, if one wishes
to become exalted, one must become stronger!

Soon, dusk fell, and then Meng Hao heard a respectful voice from
outside.
“Elder Brother Meng, Li Fugui from the foot of the mountain requests
an audience.” It was the voice of a boy, a servant. After Meng Hao
had joined the Inner Set, this boy had been assigned to help him care
for his daily affairs.
This was yet another perk of life in the Inner Sect. At first, Meng Hao
had a hard time getting used to it. He had never had someone waiting
upon him before. But when he saw Elder Brother Chen’s servant
helping him, it was easier to accept. However, he still held firm to his
desire to grow stronger.
Only the strong can have power over others, and prevent others from
controlling them. The law of the Cultivation world and rules of the
Reliance Sect were the same. It was not reasonable or fair, but it
existed, and that was the way of life.
Existence was truth. The world is fundamentally unreasonable, and
naturally, there is no true fairness.
“Send him in,” said Meng Hao coolly. Filled with reverence, the young
servant complied. After being assigned to wait upon Meng Hao, his
very life belonged to him.
Shortly thereafter, Fatty entered, clicking his teeth and striding with
long steps. This was not his first time to visit, but rather his third.
Every time he came, he was filled with excitement.
This was not a place Outer Sect disciples could visit without the
consent of the person they called upon.
The young servant led Fatty in respectfully. Fatty looked around,
rubbing his hands along various items in wonder, even the white jade
slab that Meng Hao sat on.

“It’s not your first time here,” said Meng Hao with a laugh, watching
him.
“Meng Hao, this place is just too amazing. Every time I come, I just
can’t control myself. The Immortal’s Cave of an Inner Sect disciple.
It’s a place of legend! You know, after the last time I came here, a
bunch of Outer Sect disciples crowded around me asking all sorts of
questions.
I’m important now!” His body trembled, and it took a moment for him
to stop thinking about it. He sat down in front of Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 205
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“If you’d like, I can request for Wang Tengfei’s Immortal’s cave to be
given to you.”
“That... that would be incredible,” said Fatty, looking excited, but at
the same time a bit shy.
“Zhao Hai,” said Meng Hao coolly. He waved his right hand, and the
main door opened. The young servant rushed in and gave Meng Hao
a deep salute.
He looked to be about fourteen or fifteen, close to Fatty’s age. He had
delicate features, and had only arrived on the mountain recently. It
was said he was from the same village as Little Tiger, and that his
family was rich.
“Take my spirit tablet to the Cave Dispensing Pavilion and retrieve the
jade slip to Wang Tengfei’s Immortal’s Cave.” He waved his hand,
and a white jade slip flew out into the young servant’s hand.
The young servant accepted the assignment, then left with a
respectful expression on his face.

“Meng Hao, when are you going to come down off the mountain?”
asked Fatty eagerly. “I promised the Outer Sect disciples you would
go to inspect them. You can’t go back on your word, I promised
them.”
“Grand Master Ouyang said that I would preside over the next Pill
Distribution Day,” he said with a smile. “I believe that would be the
day after tomorrow.” The two of them had entered the Sect together,
three years ago. A deep friendship had long since grown between the
two of them.
“Great, the day after tomorrow it is. Oh, right, our business has been
doing well in the past half month. I already separated out your 80%.”
He handed a bag of holding to Meng Hao, looking pleased with
himself. It seemed he too understood the meaning of the Reliance
Sect. With Meng Hao to rely on, who in the Outer Sect would dare to
even say one wrong word to him?
Even better, the beautiful female disciples of the Outer Sect had
begun to fawn over him until he fairly floated in the air. For the
moment, Fatty was quite popular.
“Has Shangguan Xiu caused you any problems recently?” asked
Meng Hao suddenly, his eyes flashing.
“Nobody has seen that bastard recently,” replied Fatty, his voice
becoming grave. “I’ve assigned a disciple to do some spying for me,
and he said that Shangguan Xiu sits in secluded meditation all day.
He never comes out.”
SOOYOuNA | 206
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Just be careful,” he warned, and not for the first time. “If anything
happens, snap the message token I gave you.”

Soon, the young servant Zhao Hai returned with the jade slip to Wang
Tengfei’s Immortal’s Cave. Meng Hao gave it to Fatty. The two of
them laughed and chatted deep into the night. It seemed Fatty didn’t
want to leave. In fact, he seemed to be growing more excited.
Meng Hao was surprised at this, but when he remembered what day
it was, and laughed.
“Today is the day Medicinal Fruits are distributed in the Inner Sect,”
said Meng Hao.
Fatty licked his lips and nodded, his heart filled with envy at the
differences between the Inner and Outer Sect disciples. Every month
Medicinal Fruits were distributed, a special type of Spiritual Fruit
infused with Medicinal Pills. The fruit itself tasted like a Medicinal Pill,
but was much more effective than ordinary Medicinal Pills.
Inner Sect disciples received the fruits once per month.
After the time it takes an incense stick to burn, the young servant
Zhao Hai entered. He actually despised Fatty, but didn’t show even
the slightest hint of it on his face. In his hands he carried the
Medicinal Fruits, wrapped up in a large green leaf.
A delicate aroma wafted out from it, causing Zhao Hai to swallow
deeply. He put the fruits down and then left.
When the large leaf was removed, the medicinal fragrance filled the
air. Inside the leaf were two small, semi-transparent, light-red fruits.
They seemed so delicate that they might break if you touched them.
Inside each one could just barely be seen a medicinal pill.
Fatty’s eyes went wide. He had never eaten Medicinal Fruit before,
but had heard it mentioned recently by some Outer Sect disciples.
After making some enquires, he had discovered the distribution date,
and so had hurried eagerly to visit Meng Hao. He picked up one of

the fruits and put it into his mouth. He bit down, then swallowed, and
a delicious flavor filled his mouth.
Then, a hot sensation filled his head and spread out through his
whole body.
“Amazing, amazing. I must be the first Outer Sect disciple to ever eat
a Medicinal Fruit. When word gets out, the girls will be envious to
death. Everyone will be envious of Master Fatty’s good fortune.” It
suddenly seemed as if he had remembered something, and he
snapped his mouth shut, not letting any of the fragrant aroma escape.
Using his hands, he signaled to Meng Hao that he needed to leave,
then ran off.
SOOYOuNA | 207
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I have proof!” he thought. “I have to find some of those female
disciples and let them smell it.” The more he thought about it, the
more excited he got, and he raced down the mountain even faster.
Fatty’s clever plan was obvious, causing Meng Hao to laugh. He
slowly placed the remaining Medicinal Fruit into his mouth. It tasted
delicious, filled with dense Medicinal flavor.
“This is something else that Inner Sect disciples...” As he ate the
Medicinal Fruit, he sighed.
This life was not something that Outer Sect disciples could enjoy. If
he wanted to, he could simply make a gesture, and any of the
beautiful female disciples would instantly become devoted to him.
Soon, two days had passed, and Pill Distribution Day arrived. Meng
Hao walked out of his Immortal’s Cave, followed closely by the young
servant Zhao Hai. In his hand he carried a purple bag of holding,

which was filled with Spirit Stones and Medicinal Pills to be
distributed.
A mountain breeze welcomed the dawn as Meng Hao descended the
mountain. Along the way, the Outer Sect disciples he ran into would
look at him in surprise, then stop and give him a deep salute with
clasped hands.
“Greetings, Elder Brother Meng.”
“Elder Brother Meng is as elegant as ever. I haven’t seen you in many
days, Junior Sister has missed you.”
“Greetings, Elder Brother Meng. Your latent talent is spectacular, your
Cultivation base astonishing. You will definitely be a pillar of the Sect.”
Amidst all the flattery Meng Hao walked along until he reached the
square, which was already filled with a good number of disciples.
Catching sight of him, they saluted, and then the air filled with their
flattering words.
He nodded, smiling, then leaped up, carrying Zhao Hai with him onto
the platform. This was not his first time here, but it was his first time to
distribute Medicinal Pills.
His gaze swept across the crowd. Every single person’s face was
filled with reverent devotion.
Gradually, Meng Hao’s face grew distracted, and he thought back to
his first Pill Distribution Day, and then to the time Wang Tengfei had
humiliated him. Many memories flitted through his mind.
Finally, he heaved a deep sigh, and said, “Sound the bells.”
SOOYOuNA | 208
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

CHAPTER 37: WATER AND INK IN THE EVENING
The bells rang out, reverberating both in Meng Hao’s heart and
throughout the Reliance Sect.
Soon, Meng Hao could see countless disciples hurrying forward.
Before long, the square was packed. As the disciples entered, they
looked at Meng Hao in shock, then saluted.
Fatty stood in the crowd, looking pleased, filing away at his teeth with
his flying sword. He was surrounded by a group of fawning disciples.
“So Elder Brother Meng is distributing the Medicinal Pill today... ai, I
remember back when he was an Outer Sect disciple like us, but now
he’s a member of the Inner Sect.”
“Elder Brother Meng is scholarly and refined. I heard that he used to
be a scholar of high rank, but he cared more about Cultivation, so he
quit and joined the Reliance Sect.”
“Now that you mention it, I remember the first time I saw Elder
Brother Meng those years ago.
I could tell that he wasn’t ordinary. During his whole fight with Wang
Tengfei, I knew that Elder Brother Meng would achieve victory.” The
buzz of conversation filled the air, eventually reaching Meng Hao’s
ears. He let out a dry cough.
Even though it was a relatively quiet cough, it caused all the disciples
in the square to suddenly go silent. They looked up at him
respectfully. The morning sun shone down onto his silver robe, and
he truly looked like a celestial being.
Meng Hao caught sight of Zhou Kai in the crowd; his face looked
conflicted. Then Meng Hao caught sight of somber Yin Tianlong, who
gave him a forced smile. He also saw the other Qi Condensation

fourth level disciples whom he recognized from that day. When his
gaze fell upon them, their faces filled with ingratiating looks.
He even saw Cao Yang, standing there trembling.
“Today, I shall preside over Pill Distribution,” said Meng Hao. He was
a scholar, so he had no need to prepare words; he just spoke
naturally. When he spoke, his words carried force, piercing into the
hearts of the onlookers. “Fellow disciples, please devote yourself to
Cultivation, and eventually you will pass the sixth level. I look forward
to that day, when the Reliance Inner Sect has one more member.”
SOOYOuNA | 209
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The force of his words came not from his Cultivation base, but rather
his status as an Inner Sect disciple.
“We will remember Elder Brother Meng’s admonitions.” Several
people below spoke out, faces filled with emotion, as if they had just
heard the voice of Heaven. One after another, they saluted Meng
Hao.
Soon everyone was repeating the words, until the whole square
spoke together in harmony.
Meng Hao took the bag of holding from the young servant at his side,
opened it, and waved his sleeve. Medicinal pills and Spirit Stones
shot out to everyone.
After that, his right hand flashed over the bag of holding, then held up
a milky white Medicinal pill. It emanated white aura and a fragrant
aroma. It seemed as if it contained the glow of dawn.
“It’s... it’s a White Spirit Pill!”

“That pill is extraordinarily effective for anyone of the fourth level of Qi
Condensation or lower. They haven’t distributed one for a long time.
Finally one appears!” Soon, everyone in the square below was
breathing heavily, staring at the Medicinal pill in Meng Hao’s hand.
His eyes scanned the crowd. Fatty was smiling. This pill wasn’t
anything rare as far as he was concerned. He already had a few in
his bag of holding, which Meng Hao had given him.
“This pill is extraordinary. All of you must surely know that I planned to
give this only to a suitable disciple. And yet, I, Meng Hao, keep old
friendships in mind. I just caught sight of an old friend, so I shall
bestow the pill to him.” His gaze fell onto Cao Yang, who suddenly
began to tremble. Meng Hao flicked his right hand, and the pill shot
forth.
“I’m finished!” thought Cao Yang, looking like he was about to cry. “I’ll
be recuperating from the injuries for months...” He wailed inside, and
now he knew that Meng Hao could hold a grudge. Even though he
had become an Inner Sect disciple, he had not forgotten about all the
things that had happened before.
As the lights in the square faded, Meng Hao flicked his sleeve and
left, not staying behind to watch the fighting break out.
Fatty ran over to follow him, his face flushed. He glared at the young
servant Zhao Hai, motioning for him to step back a distance. It
seemed he was worried the boy might replace him. He walked next to
Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 210
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Elder Brother Meng,” he said with anticipation, “why don’t we take a
stroll around the Outer Sect?”

Thinking back to how he had done the same thing with Elder Sister
Xu so many years ago, Meng Hao nodded his head with a smile.
The two of them walked forward, with Zhao Hai following in the rear,
looking irritated. Not long after leaving the square, they saw Zhou Kai
hurrying to catch up with them.
“Greetings, Elder Brother Meng,” he said, his expression somewhat
perturbed. He had offended Meng Hao more than once, and had
assumed that upon joining the Inner Sect, he would show more
restraint. But upon seeing Cao Yang’s fate, he was nervous, and so
rushed over.
Meng Hao looked him over, but didn’t say anything. Fatty took a step
forward and said loudly:
“What do you want?”
“A few days ago, I, Zhou, came across a treasured item. As soon as I
saw it, I could tell that it was destined for Elder Brother Meng. Please,
accept my gift.” Biting his tongue, he pulled out a bag of holding from
within his robe and presented it to Meng Hao. Fatty gave a cold
harrumph and grabbed it, then handed it to Meng Hao with a wide
smile.
Meng Hao accepted it and glanced over its contents. Then he nodded
to Zhou Kai, turned, and walked off, his expression as cool as the
clouds in the sky. Zhou Kai watched on helplessly, sighing in his
heart.
“I’m not worthy to be an Inner Sect Disciple, perhaps these items will
leave you dissatisfied...”
As Meng Hao walked away, Yin Tianlong, off in the distance, let out a
sigh. With a smile on his face, he hurried forward. He too said that he
had found some items which were destined to be Meng Hao’s. He

also offered up a bag of holding, inside of which were fifty Spirit
Stones. Meng Hao accepted it with a slight frown.
“We’re both fellow disciples,” he said. “The grievances of the past are
not worth keeping track of. There’s no need to act like this.”
Upon hearing this, Yin Tianlong’s heart thumped, and he understood
Meng Hao’s true meaning. Inwardly cursing Zhou Kai for giving more,
he clenched his jaw and produced another bag of holding, whereupon
Meng Hao nodded.
SOOYOuNA | 211
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
As he walked, Meng Hao met more people who had offended him in
the past, and they all acted similarly. Soon he had ten new bags of
holding.
“What do you think?” said Fatty, looking pleased. “I handled things
pretty well, didn’t I? I found all of them earlier and gave them a bit of
coaching. I told them that one must offer up a bit of blood now to
avoid trouble in the future.”
Meng Hao laughed and shook his head. He had sensed something
odd about the goings-on and had guessed that Fatty must have been
up to something over the past half month.
“What about that fifth-level disciple who tried to kill you that day?”
asked Meng Hao.
“Oh, him. I used the jade slip you gave me to make him go see the
Minister of the Outer Sect, who arranged for him to go out into the
wild mountains to catch some Demonic beasts. He can’t return until
he gets 100.” As far as Fatty was concerned, anyone who offended
him would have to pay the price.

“Just don’t do something publicly that could box you into a corner,”
said Meng Hao, his eyes flashing and his voice low.
“I understand,” said Fatty in a similarly low voice. “It’s taken care of.
Zhou Kai and Yin Tianlong will get rid of him for good.”
They looked at each other, then laughed. They never brought up the
matter again.
After making a circle around the Outer Sect, and having been greeted
by many disciples, they finally reached the Pill Cultivation Workshop.
Meng Hao paused for a moment to look at it, then a smile broke out
on his face and he entered.
When the middle-aged man who ran the workshop saw Meng Hao,
he stood up.
“Greetings, Elder Brother Meng.”
Meng Hao smiled and nodded his head, glancing around at all the
Medicinal pills.
“Don’t worry, Elder Brother Meng,” said the middle-aged man. “Junior
Brother Li Fugui is taking care of the Pill Workshop. Business is good.
I definitely won’t give any other disciples a chance to buy Medicinal
Pills.” He thumped his palm onto his chest.
SOOYOuNA | 212
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Fatty beamed with joy. Previously, he had given the middle-aged
Cultivator a bag of holding when no one was looking. Soon, the man
had grown accustomed to this. Although the Medicinal pills here
belonged to the Sect, and weren’t personal property, the man wasn’t
opposed to making a bit of profit of his own.

Thanks to Fatty’s anticipation and stubbornness, it wasn’t until
midday that Meng Hao was able to satisfy him. They walked around
the entire Outer Sect until everyone had seen them together. Finally,
after much begging and pleading, they went to the Treasure Pavilion.
The shrewd-looking man at the Treasure Pavilion had been waiting
outside for some time.
When he saw Meng Hao approaching, he made a long, grand salute,
then in a loud, clear voice said, “Treasure Pavilion disciple Sun Tiandi
gives greetings to Elder Brother Meng. Elder Brother Meng is a
dragon among men, powerful and imposing beyond the ordinary...”
The man was not very educated, and his words were a bit over the
top. His expression was one of excitement, but inside he was a bit
worried, although only he knew that.
He feared that Meng Hao would bring up the matter of him cheating
him all those years back.
He glanced at the eager-looking Fatty.
Fatty cleared his throat. “My friend here wants me to go in to take a
treasure,” he said, sounding a bit embarrassed. “If it breaks any rules,
you can place the blame on him.”
Meng Hao was a loss for word. Finally, he went in with Fatty to
inspect the Treasure Pavilion.
After a while, they left, despite Fatty’s pleas to stay. By the time Meng
Hao arrived back at the East Mountain, the sun was beginning to set.
He sat down on a boulder outside the Immortal’s Cave, thinking about
the day’s events. Now he had an even deeper understanding of what
it meant to be a member of the Inner Sect.
As evening fell, Meng Hao looked out at the rosy sky. Then he
noticed that off in the distance, a woman approached. She looked like
some sort of celestial being, wearing a silver robe, with long black

hair and a pale face that was beautiful even though she wore no
makeup whatsoever. Her face, though cold, seemed to Meng Hao to
contain something delicate and touching.
“Elder Sister Xu,” said Meng Hao, cupping his hands in greeting.
“Congratulations, you’ve become a member of the Inner Sect.” Just
like her name, Elder Sister Xu was cold and cheerless. That was her
personality, and yet, she didn’t treat everyone coldly.
For example, upon hearing her young servant mention Meng Hao,
she had come here to see him.
Meng Hao smiled, standing next to her. Their long robes rippled in the
mountain breeze.
SOOYOuNA | 213
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Today I went to the Pill Cultivation Workshop and traded for another
Cosmetic Cultivation Pill.” He lifted it up and handed it to her.
She said nothing, looking at the pill for a while, then eventually
accepting it. She stood there with him, silently looking off into the rosy
horizon.
She was incredibly beautiful, seemingly flawless, like jade. The glow
of the setting sun reflected off her, increasing her beauty.
Time seemed to come to a standstill. As they stood there on the East
Mountain, their shadows merged together in the evening sun, like ink
blending with water. It was something which would last for an eternity.
The evening sunlight slowly faded past the horizon, and then the
moon peeked out. Finally, Elder Sister Xu turned and began to walk
off. She had only taken five steps before she stopped.

“I went to the Pill Cultivation Workshop. The Cosmetic Cultivation Pill
you gave me before wasn’t purchased by you.” With that, she left, not
looking back.
Meng Hao stared in shock, and wasn’t even able to react until some
time had passed. He scratched his head. His eyes gradually filled
with light. He had never imagined that something like this would
happen. And yet, it seemed it had...
SOOYOuNA | 214
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 38: QI CONDENSATION MANUAL OF THE SUBLIME
SPIRIT SCRIPTURE
Two months passed in the twinkling of an eye. Meng Hao had already
been a member of the Inner Sect for an entire season. He did not
continue to visit the Outer Sect often. Like a fish in water, Fatty had
grown accustomed to surviving on his own, and was quite at ease.
Most of Meng Hao’s time was spent in the Magic Pavilion.
One day, he sat there cross-legged, a calm expression on his face as
he read a bamboo text. He raised his right hand and began to make
incantation gestures, causing a magical light to circulate around it and
cast flickering shadows onto his face.
A Water Globe appeared, but then unexpectedly transformed into
mist and dissipated into the surroundings. Meng Hao frowned, putting
down the bamboo text. He reached into his robe and pulled out a
glowing jade slip.
It was pure white and blurry inside, as if it were filled with mist. A
closer inspection revealed that the surface was actually translucent,
like crystal.

“Chen Fan, Xu Qing, Meng Hao. Come to the main temple hall on the
East Mountain.” The words were spoken by a dignified voice which
transmitted out from within the jade slip. It was easily identifiable as
belonging to Sect Leader He Luohua.
Meng Hao straightened up the bamboo texts, stood and strode
silently out of the main door of the Magic Pavilion, making his way
toward the top of the East Mountain.
At almost the same time as he walked out, two figures shot toward
the peak. One had a warm, gentle face, filled with righteousness:
Chen Fan. The other was beautiful but cold: Elder Sister Xu Qing.
Xu Qing cast a glance at Meng Hao. This was the first time they had
seen each other since that evening the previous month.
The three sped toward the peak of the East Mountain, eventually
arriving at the main temple hall. It had an ancient feel, the rich
ornamentation giving the feeling that it had seen many ages pass.
This was a very important place to the Reliance Sect, a place that
throughout the generations, only Inner Sect disciples could visit.
SOOYOuNA | 215
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Within the main temple hall were nine statues. The foremost one was
of an old man, his expression not one of anger, yet still filled with
might. His dark eyes seemed to shine with life.
His left hand was lifted up in front of him, his chin raised as if he were
staring down his nose at all creation. He seemed to emanate a sort of
indescribable, domineering air. Behind him, eight statues were
arranged neatly, all of them possessing the demeanor of
transcendent beings.

Meng Hao had visited this place during his first seven days in the
Inner Sect. He had kowtowed before these statues, and knew well
that the calm, powerful old man was none other than Patriarch
Reliance. The other statues were the other Patriarchs of the Reliance
Sect.
Sect Leader He Luohua stood beneath the statues, his back toward
Meng Hao and the others as they entered. He stared at the statues
as if he were in a trance. It was impossible to tell what he was
thinking. Next to him was Grand Elder Ouyang. He nodded to the
three of them, a solemn expression on his face.
“Pay homage to the Patriarch,” he said, his voice profound.
Meng Hao, Xu Qing and Chen Fan bowed deeply to Patriarch
Reliance, their faces somber.
“I joined the Sect when Patriarch Reliance had been missing for one
hundred years,” said He Luohua. “At that time, the Reliance Sect was
still in its glory days.” He sighed and turned around. Meng Hao, Chen
Fan and even Xu Qing gazed at him with shining eyes.
He was silent a moment, before slowly continuing: “You have read
about Patriarch Reliance in the ancient records, and know how
glorious our Reliance Sect used to be... We even had a complete
understanding of the three levels of Foundation Establishment. I’ve
called you here today to explain the complete truth.
“The former glory of the Reliance Sect was all due to Patriarch
Reliance. Because of his Cultivation base, he dominated the entire
State of Zhao. His reputation even shook the Southern Domain. All of
that was because of one of the manuals of the Sublime Spirit
Scripture.” As He Luohua spoke, Chen Fan’s eyes began to shine
brightly. Even Xu Qing’s grew sharp.
Only Meng Hao stared blankly; he had no idea what the Sublime
Spirit Scripture was.

“The Qi Condensation manual?” said Chen Fan lightly. He was a
senior disciple of the Inner Sect, and knew many secrets. Other
things he had worked out through speculation.
“The Sublime Spirit Scripture is one of the three great classic
scriptures in the Nanshan Continent,” continued He Luohua softly. “It
was passed down through the generations since SOOYOuNA | 216
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
ancient times. Originally it was comprised of seven manuals, but most
have been lost. One of them was the Qi Condensation manual, which
describes how to establish a Flawless Foundation. The Foundation
Establishment manual describes the method to Form a Purple Core,
not a Crimson or Mixed Core. The Core Formation manual can
enable one to develop a four-colored Nascent Form... In other words,
each manual enables one to reach the strongest stage.
“That year, Patriarch Reliance obtained the Qi Condensation manual.
The reason the heir to the Wang clan joined the Reliance Sect was
because of the Sublime Spirit Scripture’s Qi Condensation Manual.”
Meng Hao’s eyes glittered, and his heart began to race. He had
heard Elder Brother Chen speak of the different levels of Foundation
Establishment. Now that he knew how powerful this magic was that
Patriarch Reliance had obtained, he understood why Wang Tengfei
had joined the Reliance Sect.
“If I could obtain it...” The strong desire in his heart suddenly began to
burn even hotter.
“Sadly, even I have never laid eyes on this Qi Condensation manual,
let alone others,” said He Luohua. “The scripture was not handed
down. It exists only in the memory of the Patriarch.”
Meng Hao remained silent, and Chen Fan’s face flashed with
realization. Xu Qing raised her head to look at the statue of Patriarch

Reliance.
Silence reigned in the main temple hall.
“Four hundred years have passed, and everyone in the outside world
assumes that the Patriarch died during his meditation. Only myself
and a few others know that the Patriarch...
is absolutely not dead.” As his words drifted out into Meng Hao’s
ears, they seemed to transform into a thunderous roar.
“Four hundred years ago, the Patriarch’s Cultivation base had
reached the late Nascent Soul stage. And yet, he was reaching the
end of his life. In order to break through to the fabled Spirit Severing
stage, one must be at least one thousand years old. If not, how can
he defy the Heavens to sever his Spirit?
“The Patriarch chose to meditate in seclusion, in order to sever his
Spirit body and be reborn.
It was a meditation of... four hundred years.
“When he went into meditation four hundred years ago, the Patriarch
left a command. Every one hundred years, he would send out some
pieces of Vorpal Jade, formed from his own blood.
Then, the outstanding members of the current generation of Inner
Sect disciples could use the Vorpal Jade to enter his meditation zone.
By kindling the Qi and blood inside the Vorpal Jade, they could have
a chance, if lucky, to gain enlightenment of the knowledge he
permeated SOOYOuNA | 217
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
throughout the area. Knowledge of... the Sublime Spirit Scripture.” He
Luohua’s words echoed out. Meng Hao lifted his head up, as did the
others.

“Success is success. Failure is failure. If things had stayed the same,
surely a disciple would have succeeded already. But two hundred
years ago, the Patriarch experienced an accident in his cultivation.
He almost lost his life. Afterwards, the chances of enlightenment in
his meditation zone grew weak, and the restrictive spells stronger. He
didn’t send any more Vorpal Jades out until five years ago... When he
did, he sent out three pieces.
“Three pieces of Vorpal Jade indicate that three individuals may
enter. It also reveals how powerful the restrictive spells are in the
Patriarch’s meditation zone, and means that there are only three
areas where enlightenment may occur.” He Luohua’s voice
reverberated throughout the main hall. He flicked his right sleeve, and
three blood-red streaks shot toward Meng Hao and the others, to stop
floating in front of them.
They were jade-smooth Blood Crystals, also known as Vorpal Jade.
“You three are the only disciples of the Inner Sect, and therefore I
bestow these Vorpal Jades to you. Whether or not you gain the
enlightenment of the Sublime Spirit Scripture will depend on your
luck.” With that, he flicked his sleeve again, and the statue of
Patriarch Reliance began to hum. Its eyes shone with boundless
radiance, and a vortex began to form in front of him.
“Enter,” said He Luohua, his voice sounding out like thunder. “I wish
you luck in enlightenment.” Meng Hao and the others seemed to
transform into auroras as they gripped their pieces of Vorpal Jade
and shot into the vortex, disappearing inside. Outside, the vortex
remained, but without a Vorpal Jade, no one, not even a Cultivator at
the Nascent Soul stage, could enter it.
Looking up at the vortex, Grand Elder Ouyang quietly said, “Who
knows which of them will acquire the Sublime Spirit Scripture, or...
perhaps they will all come up empty-handed.”

“It depends on personal fortune, there’s no use in thinking too much
about it.” He Luohua sat down cross-legged next to him and began to
meditate.
When Meng Hao entered the vortex, a blinding light appeared in front
of his eyes which forced him to close them. A rumbling roar sounded
in his ears, and then he heard strange shrieks and screams coming
from all directions. After what seemed like years, he felt his body
suddenly tremble, and then the sounds ceased. The shrieking turned
into silence. He opened his eyes to find himself standing on top of a
sacrificial altar that was several meters tall. He looked around.
The place was enormous. Up above was black earth, dotted with
small crystals that shone like stars, casting a dim light on the
surroundings. Nothing was very clear, as if everything were covered
with gauze. Various buildings rose up out of the fog.
SOOYOuNA | 218
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“How desolate! It seems like no one has been here for hundreds of
years.” It was Chen Fan’s voice, drifting from some distance away.
Eventually, he appeared, walking through the fog. In the direction
from which he came could be seen another altar, several meters tall.
“The soil up above has restrictive spells cast on it. These are the Sect
catacombs.” Xu Qing appeared from another direction. Dressed in
her silver robe, she appeared matchlessly beautiful.
“I entered the Sect earlier than both of you,” said Chen Fan. “Once I
performed guard duty at the main temple hall, so I know a few secrets
that you two don’t. These are definitely the Reliance Sect catacombs.
Directly above is the Outer Sect.”
Meng Hao walked off the altar to stand next to Chen Fan and Xu
Qing. Looking around at the hazy images of buildings around them,

he could see plenty of withered plants and flowers.
Everything was deathly still.
“This fog is a restrictive spell,” said Meng Hao with a frown. “It’s
making everything appear to be black and white. No color
whatsoever.”
“Precisely,” said Chen Fan with a serious look. “Don’t attempt to touch
it. Because of the Patriarch’s weak state, he’s lost control of it. Let us
use our Vorpal Jades to find our places of enlightenment.” He looked
at them. “We don’t know how much time we will have to gain
enlightenment. Let’s all wait for each other, then leave together.
Junior Sister Xu, Junior Brother Meng, I wish you success.” He cast
his spiritual power into the Vorpal Jade, whereupon it emitted a bloodred glow and began to drift away. Chen Fan followed, soon
disappearing into the distance.
Xu Qing nodded at Meng Hao, then followed the blood-red glow of
her Vorpal Jade in a different direction.
Meng Hao looked around, then was about to activate his own Vorpal
Jade when suddenly, a shrill shriek rang out. It grew closer and
closer, until it seemed to be only about thirty meters away.
SOOYOuNA | 219
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 39: PATRIARCH RELIANCE!
Meng Hao’s expression changed. He suddenly saw the fog roiling,
and then about thirty meters away a shrieking man appeared. He
wore a long tattered robe as he charged toward Meng Hao.
He emanated a fierce heat, which transformed into a ruthless killing
aura. Seeing him approach, Meng Hao retreated as fast as possible.

This turn of events had happened too quickly. The figure advanced
rapidly, and in the blink of an eye it was only nine meters away.
Suddenly, it caught sight of the Vorpal Jade in his hand, and its eyes
filled with dread and fear.
Meng Hao’s heart churned. He poured the spiritual power from within
his body into the Vorpal Jade, and suddenly it began to glow bloodred. It illuminated the man in the dilapidated robe, allowing Meng Hao
to see him clearly. He was middle-aged, his body gaunt, like some
sort of evil spirit.
Blood-curdling screams shot out of his mouth as he retreated. Moving
with incredible speed, he disappeared into the fog.
Sweat broke out on Meng Hao’s forehead, and he took a deep
breath. The feeling the middle-aged man gave him was the same
feeling he got from Grand Elder Ouyang, boundless and majestic.
“Don’t tell me he was a Cultivator of the Foundation Establishment
stage?” Meng Hao hesitated, remaining on guard. He followed the
direction of the blood-red light, moving forward carefully. After about
half an hour, he stopped in shock. Several figures had appeared, and
each of them seemed to have a Cultivation base equal to Grand
Elder Ouyang’s. Some even seemed to be as powerful as Sect
Leader He Luohua.
“Could they be... automatons?” Upon closer inspection, the figures
didn’t actually seem to be alive. They floated around him in circles,
none of them approaching him, seemingly terrified of his Vorpal Jade.
Time passed enough for an incense stick to burn, and they slowly
disappeared. Meng Hao continued forward numbly, his breathing
agitated, a blank look in his eyes.
“This... this...” he murmured. Ahead of him was a mountain,
approximately three hundred meters tall. An ordinary mountain would

not cause Meng Hao to act in such away. This mountain was made...
of Spirit Stones!
Countless Spirit Stones piled together to form a Spirit Stone
Mountain!
SOOYOuNA | 220
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao had never seen so many Spirit Stones in his entire life. His
head spun, and he unconsciously wanted to go take them, but after
taking a single step forward, he stopped. The Spirit Stone Mountain
was gray in color and seemed to be covered with a fine mist. It was a
restrictive spell which prevented anything from touching it.
He struggled for some time, not quite willing to give up. When he
reached a position about sixty meters from the Spirit Stone Mountain,
he suddenly felt a fierce sense of imminent danger. Looking at the
mountain with a sigh, he stopped in place.
He knew that if he got too close, his body and soul would be reduced
to ashes.
At a loss for a long moment, he turned his head and reluctantly left
the Spirit Stone Mountain behind.
More time passed as he followed the blood-red glow, enough for an
incense stick to burn, and soon the hazy image of a building
appeared in the fog ahead of him. It had a courtyard, filled with
withered plants and weeds. A stone sat in the middle of the courtyard,
about half the size of a person. It was the only thing in sight that was
neither black nor white, nor was there any fog visible near it.
The Vorpal Jade floated toward the large stone, then stopped above
it. The blood-red glow began to fade.

Meng Hao walked forward and inspected the area around the stone.
This must be one of the areas for enlightenment. He sat down crosslegged onto the stone and looked at the Vorpal Jade floating in front
of him. His eyes began to gleam.
“Throughout all these years, many people have come here, and none
have successfully achieved enlightenment. When the blood-red glow
of the Vorpal Jade fades, it means the time to attempt enlightenment
has arrived.” Meng Hao frowned. A strong desire burned in his heart
to acquire the secrets of the Qi Condensation Manual. Originally,
Wang Tengfei should have been given this opportunity. But Meng Hao
knew that his latent talent was simply ordinary, and he had little
chance of success.
He didn’t allow the Vorpal Jade to fade, but instead looked up at it, a
strange light shining in his eyes. After a bit of time passed, he
clenched his jaw, then grabbed it stubbornly.
“This time, I don’t care what happens; I will achieve the enlightenment
of the Sublime Spirit Scripture!” Determination filled his voice as he
slapped his bag of holding and produced the copper mirror. Grabbing
a handful of Spirit Stones, he prepared to begin the duplication
process.
SOOYOuNA | 221
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao had been a member of the Inner Sect for a month. Inner
Sect disciples received significantly more Spirit Stones than Outer
Sect disciples. Combine that with his profits from the shop as well as
the Outer Sect disciples who were trying to ingratiate themselves to
him, it ensured that his bag of holding contained many Spirit Stones.
But suddenly, his expression changed as he found that the Spirit
Stones distributed by the Sect were incapable of duplicating the
Vorpal Jade. It wasn’t that the copper mirror had lost its efficacy, but

rather that there simply weren’t enough Spirit Stones. Even midgrade Spirit Stones were useless.
He stared at the Vorpal Jade for a while before suddenly pulling out
seven or eight of the extraordinarily large Spirit Stones he had left. He
hesitated for some time, then ground his teeth. Eyes growing red, he
put one of the Spirit Stones down onto the mirror, and before he could
even put down another piece, the Copper Mirror began to glow with a
blinding light, and instantly, fifteen pieces of Vorpal Jade appeared.
Meng Hao stared, dumbfounded. Originally, he had assumed he
would need multiple Spirit Stones to make it work. But then he ended
up with fifteen of the Blood Crystals.
These were Blood Crystals, congealed from Patriarch Reliance’s own
blood. Seeing fifteen of them appear left Meng Hao stupefied.
“What... what kind of Spirit Stones are these?” He sat in a daze,
thinking back to how he had used two thousand of them that time,
and his heart ached.
These large Spirit Stones were definitely some type of extraordinary
object.
For now, the most important thing to Meng Hao was the Sublime
Spirit Scripture. He clenched his jaw and set aside the matter of the
two thousand Spirit Stones. Extending a Blood Crystal, he caused it
to fade. As it did so, the blood red glow settled around Meng Hao and
an indistinct voice could be heard. He slipped into a dream-like
trance, unaware of the passing of time.
At this same moment, Xu Qing and Chen Fan, in their respective
enlightenment areas, were also surrounded by the blood-red glow.
Their latent talent was beyond ordinary, so their chances of achieving
enlightenment were somewhat greater. In Patriarch Reliance’s
meditation zone, everything was based on latent talent. So-called
luck is the same.

After an indeterminable period of time passed, the red glow around
Meng Hao faded, and he began to regain his senses. He seemed to
be somewhat at a loss. After some time passed, he had completely
recovered, and yet his mind was blank. Not even a scrap of
information from the Sublime Spirit Scripture was there.
He sighed, having anticipated this all along. He took out another
Blood Crystal and continued to seek enlightenment. Time passed,
and even after having used up fourteen Blood Crystals, SOOYOuNA |
222
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
he still had not succeeded. His heart ached, and he wasn’t sure if he
should continue. Gnashing his teeth, he pulled out another large
Spirit Stone and duplicated more of the Vorpal Jade Blood Crystals.
Once again, he activated the blood-red glow, which then covered his
body as he began to seek enlightenment.
By this time, the blood-red glow surrounding Xu Qing and Chen Fan
had faded. However, they did not rise, instead choosing to remain
seated in meditation, not sure when enlightenment might occur.
As for Meng Hao, he seemed to have gone mad, continuously
activating Blood Crystals, trying again and again to achieve
enlightenment. Anyone who saw this scene would surely go crazy
with jealousy.
After activating the twenty-seventh Blood Crystal, Meng Hao
suddenly heard what sounded like a voice murmuring next to his ear
in the dream-like trance world. He could clearly hear two words.
“Sublime... Spirit...”
When Meng Hao opened his eyes, they were filled with
determination. Without hesitation, he pulled out the twenty-eighth
Vorpal Jade Blood Crystal, and once again sought enlightenment.

By this time, Xu Qing and Chen Fan had returned to the altar to wait
for Meng Hao. They were a bit surprised when they didn’t see Meng
Hao, but they weren’t sure which direction he had headed in, so they
couldn’t easily search for him. They decided to sit in front of the altar
and wait for him.
By the third day, they were beginning to grow impatient and also a bit
worried. Of course, they did not even consider that he might have
achieved enlightenment, but rather worried that some sort of accident
had befallen him.
“Did something happen to Junior Brother Meng?” said Chen Fan
worriedly.
Xu Qing didn’t respond, but she looked worried.
After a bit of discussion, they decided to begin looking for him.
Unfortunately, because of the frequent appearance of the
automatons, their search went quite slowly.
Meanwhile, Meng Hao sat, hair disheveled, eyes bloodshot,
murmuring to himself. His words made no sense; they seemed to
simply express his desire for the Sublime Spirit Scripture. He pulled
out the forty-third Blood Crystal, and the thick, red glow again
surrounded him. In fact, SOOYOuNA | 223
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
the area he was in never lacked the red glow. Meng Hao had gone all
out in his search for enlightenment. If he ran low on Blood Crystals,
he simply duplicated more.
As of now, he could clearly hear the voice in his ear, but just couldn’t
commit it to memory. He could only continue on in another attempt.
There was something that nobody, not Chen Fan or Xu Qing, nor
frenzied Meng Hao, had noticed. After the Blood Crystal ceased to

glow, it would transform into a barely discernible blood-red light,
which would then enter into the ground and pass into a secret
chamber below the catacombs.
There, a withered body sat cross-legged, seemingly lifeless. The
room was filled with the feeling of death.
Every time one of the blood-red lights entered the room, the body
would assimilate it, and begin to change slightly. By the time the third
light entered the body, there seemed to be some shred of life in it.
The light of life was dim, though, and the body was unable to do
anything except sit there.
This was Patriarch Reliance. The Vorpal Jade Blood Crystals were
congealed from his own blood, and contained his aura. After being
activated, they would return to him, continuing his life. Without them,
he would be thoroughly dead.
Originally, he had planned to postpone his death in this fashion, until
the very last spark of his ruthless and ambitious life was extinguished,
where upon he would pass into death. He was already in a state of
despair. He spent most of his time in deep sleep, awaking only
occasionally, and briefly, whereupon he would sink back into slumber.
He had no energy to waste on superfluous matters.
As for the Vorpal Jade, this was an arrangement he had prepared
many years ago. Were it not for them, he would have passed into
death hundreds of years ago.
“These are the last three pieces of Vorpal Jade...” Now that they had
returned, he had regained consciousness. He sighed and went back
to sleep, knowing that he would probably never wake up again.
And yet suddenly, a fourth blood-red light entered the secret chamber
and fused with his body.

He woke again, shocked.
SOOYOuNA | 224
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I am... already out of Vorpal Jade. Could I have remembered
incorrectly... Hm?” Even as he talked to himself, a fifth blood-red light
appeared, making its way into his body.
He observed, dumbstruck, as a sixth, seventh, eighth blood-red light
appeared... By the third day, countless blood-red lights had appeared,
one after another, continuously fusing with his body. Patriarch
Reliance’s heart surged with excitement, and his face filled with hope.
Suddenly, his eyes opened.
“These... holy hell, these are clearly not my blood, but they are
definitely my Blood Crystals.
What’s going on? What the hell is going on?”
SOOYOuNA | 225
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 40: SUBLIME SPIRIT SCRIPTURE
At the same moment that Patriarch Reliance opened his eyes, Meng
Hao activated the fiftieth Vorpal Jade Blood Crystal. His head vibrated
violently, and a scriptural text floated around him. Each and every
character of the scripture emitted a bright golden light which pierced
through his body. It completely overpowered the blood-red glow,
leaving behind a glowing golden aura.
As the golden aura spread out, Meng Hao began to change. His Core
lake churned violently as it began to take on a golden hue. As the

lake water became gold, a thunderous roar sounded out,
transforming his entire body.
His body filled with loud cracking sounds. His bones grew longer, his
blood and flesh grew stronger. In an instant, he grew more powerful,
both inside and outside.
His Qi vessels seemed to be as transparent as crystal, completely
integrated into his physical body. His hair grew longer as he
transitioned into a new state according to the mnemonics of the
Sublime Spirit Scripture.
More time passed, approximately six hours, and then another boom
sounded out inside Meng Hao. When he opened his eyes, they
shined with a golden light.
Time passed, and the golden glow faded. He looked excited. Within
his mind he could clearly see a mnemonic, branded indelibly onto his
spirit. He understood every single line. This was...
the Sublime Spirit Scripture.
This was something that could cause blood to spray like rain in the
outside world. This was the Qi Condensation manual that countless
Sects would fight like mad for. And here it was, inside Meng Hao’s
head.
After the six hours of transformation, Meng Hao was still at the sixth
level of Qi Condensation.
But as for his new Cultivation method, it could be counted as one of
the three best in the entire Nanshan continent.
This good luck was something that even the disciples of the great
clans and Sects would have a hard time achieving.
Using the Cultivation method of this Qi Condensation manual, if Meng
Hao was able to reach the Foundation Establishment phase, then he

would definitely be able to establish a Flawless Foundation. In
addition, his spiritual power would be much deeper than that of his
SOOYOuNA | 226
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
contemporaries. Perhaps it would not be the most powerful, but as
time passed, the power would slowly accumulate, and by the time he
reached the Foundation Establishment stage, like a butterfly
emerging from a cocoon, he would have a Flawless Foundation rarely
seen in the world!
As of right now, if he ran into Wang Tengfei, he would not be put into
the precarious position he had been that day. In fact, he could now
simultaneously control ten flying swords without losing any of their
dexterity. His power had doubled!
Filled with excitement, Meng Hao clenched his fists, his heart filling
with intense longing. After a while he took a deep breath, descended
from the stone slab, and walked off.
At the moment, Patriarch Reliance was going wild with even more
excitement than Meng Hao.
Upon opening his eyes, he could see Meng Hao, as well as Chen
Fan and Xu Qing. He waited eagerly for Meng Hao to produce
another Blood Crystal, then watched in a daze as Meng Hao
suddenly achieved enlightenment.
“Dammit, dammit. I should never have placed the enlightenment field
out there. No, no, no. If I didn’t, how could I get the young pups to
come here in the first place. But, but, but. why did he have to gain
enlightenment with only fifty Blood Crystals? A hundred would be
better, two hundred, at least three hundred. If there were five
hundred, I wouldn’t need to continue meditating here!” Patriarch
Reliance was filled with depression. This was his greatest hope, and
he was watching it disappear before his eyes. Without Blood Crystals

to replenish himself, he could only continue on wasting away. And yet
he knew there was nothing he could do.
“I didn’t do myself any favors that year. I closed myself up in here with
no way out, and its very difficult to transmit my voice out. As far as
magic goes, I’m currently too weak to do much of anything. What to
do? What to do? I have to think of something...” His face grew
anxious as he watched Meng Hao meet Xu Qing and Chen Fan out in
the catacombs above the secret chamber. They proceeded toward
the altar, clearly preparing to leave.
“If I caused all of the members of the Cultivation World of the State of
Zhao to come here, I could use the power of their Cultivation bases to
break me out of this meditation zone. If I can break out, then I can
absorb their life force, then have a chance at my Second Severing.”
Patriarch Reliance gnashed his teeth, squeezing as much as he
could out of his weak Cultivation base, then slapping his right hand
down onto the ground. It began to rumble.
At that same moment, Meng Hao was trying to come up with an
excuse for why he had gone missing for those few days, and why his
body looked different. Chen Fan smiled and nodded, and Xu Qing,
seeing that Meng Hao wasn’t harmed, didn’t say anything. The three
of them stepped up onto the altar, getting ready to depart.
Suddenly a roaring sound filled the air, and the entire catacombs
began to shake. Their expressions changed as a giant crack split the
earth in front of them and a massive stone stele SOOYOuNA | 227
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
slowly lifted up. After enough time passed for an incense stick to
burn, and it had finally completely emerged.
It was approximately thirty meters tall, inscribed with golden
characters. It was a scripture, none other than the Qi Condensation

Manual of the Sublime Spirit Scripture!
The three of them stared in shock, especially Meng Hao. After all the
trouble he had gone through to acquire the Qi Condensation manual,
here it was in front of him. He looked at it in a daze. But after
examining it further, a strange expression appeared on his face. The
first two lines of the scripture inscribed on the stele were accurate,
but the rest was a complete fabrication. It appeared to be filled
abstruse mysteries, but since Meng Hao knew the details of the true
scripture, he could tell instantly that this one was false.
He hesitated for a moment but didn’t say anything.
Chen Fan’s eyes glittered. He walked forward to stand beneath the
stele, as did Xu Qing. They looked at it for some time, then
exchanged shocked glance.
“We should take this with us,” said Xu Qing slowly, “and let the Sect
Leader decide what to do with it.”
Meng Hao blinked, then nodded as if he completely agreed.
When Patriarch Reliance saw this, he laughed, more than pleased.
“Take it, take it, quickly! Take it out and let as many people know as
possible. Hahaha! I’m so smart. I was worried people might break in
here during my meditation, so I prepared that false stele. Of course,
fearing it might be identified as false, I prepared a little trick. Once it’s
removed from this place, it will project a sign into the sky which
people in all directions will be able to see. Originally it was designed
to cause harm, but now, it’s going to be quite helpful to me. Excellent.
Excellent!” Excitement filled Patriarch Reliance’s heart, but then
suddenly, his eyes widened.
“We must not!” said Chen Fan in a dignified voice. After examining
the stele carefully, his face filled with resolution. He shook his head,
looking at Meng Hao and Xu Qing. “This stele is extremely important.

If we take it out, then we would be bringing calamity upon the Sect. If
an outsider learned of its existence, it could bring about our
destruction. Let’s each of us use a jade slip to make a copy of the
scripture inscribed onto the stele. That way, we can take the contents
out, but leave the stele in place. That is the safest method.” Chen
Fan’s face was filled with sincerity and righteousness. What he said
was completely selfless in nature, and also took the safety of the Sect
into consideration. Xu Qing nodded, and Meng Hao, of course, did
not disagree. They immediately copied the contents onto their jade
slips, then stood onto the altar and make their departure.
SOOYOuNA | 228
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Patriarch Reliance watched on in shock, then let out a furious howl.
“Dammit! Dammit! I will crush this generation’s Sect Leader! How
could you let a guy like this into the Inner Sect? He’s completely
honest and upright, which I despise! In my day, everyone in the Sect
was dark and crafty. Take the scripture and keep it secret, that’s a
real disciple of my Sect. As for you, you righteous little pup, you...
You’ve brought about my death! Why did you have to stop them?
Dammit! My Cultivation base! I, I, I...” Patriarch Reliance was so
furious that his body trembled. He ground his teeth, and with an air of
abandon, held his breath for a moment, then let out a low shout. He
slapped the top of his own head, then spat up a mouthful of blood.
The blood transformed into a shapeless blood-red glow, which then
began to send a reverberating hum throughout the secret chamber.
Amidst the reverberations, the blood-red glow suddenly shot toward
Meng Hao and the others as they left the catacombs.
As soon as they stepped foot into the main temple hall of the
Reliance Sect, as soon as He Luohua and Grand Elder Ouyang saw
them, before they could even open their mouths, the blood-red glow
shot out. None of them noticed.

Suddenly a thunderous sound rang out, and a bright light spread out,
millions of meters in all directions, turning the entire sky bright red.
Then, in the middle of it all, amidst a multitude of colors, appeared a
strange sign.
There were a multitude of characters. Most of the characters weren’t
able to be seen clearly, but two were. They read...
Sublime Spirit...
The sign filled heaven and earth in all directions. The multitudinous
characters of the scripture glowed brightly, especially the two
characters “Sublime Scripture,” shining out across the entire State of
Zhao. Within the three Great Sects of the State of Zhao, all the
disciples stared up in astonishment at the strange phenomenon.
Streak after rainbow-like streak flew from the various closed-door
meditation zones as multiple Sect Patriarchs emerged.
“This....”
“The Sublime Spirit Scripture!!”
“The Sublime Spirit Scripture has appeared. It appears to be located
in the Reliance Sect. Could it be... could it be that the legendary Qi
Condensation manual really is there?”
SOOYOuNA | 229
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
In the space of a moment, powerful members of several great Sects
of the Southern Domain emerged from meditation. For the Sublime
Spirit Scripture and the Qi Condensation manual to appear was an
exciting matter. Without hesitation, they shot from the Southern
Domain directly toward the State of Zhao. They all feared that if they
weren’t fast enough, their opportunity could be lost to the other
powerful Southern Domain clans, or other Sects.

In the Southern Domain, the wind had shifted.
Prismatic streaks of light shot toward the Reliance Sect, as nearly
twenty Cultivators from the three great Sects of the State of Zhao
moved into action. The weakest among them was of the Foundation
Establishment stage. Six were of the Core Formation stage. They cut
through the sky with earth-shattering power.
SOOYOuNA | 230
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 41: A SENSATION IN THE STATE OF ZHAO!
When the sign appeared in the sky above the Reliance Sect, all of the
disciples in the Outer Sect stared up in awe and shock, their minds
buzzing. Their eyes filled with vacant looks, unable to comprehend
what they were seeing.
Looking at the golden characters filling the sky, their hearts trembled.
Fatty, who was filing his teeth with the fish-scale sword, made
choking sounds, narrowly avoiding stabbing himself in the tongue as
he gaped at the scene.
Shangguan Xiu, who sat in secluded meditation, suddenly lifted up
his head. When he saw what was happening, his body began to
tremble, and his eyes shined with disbelief. His face changed, as if he
had suddenly just thought of something incredibly frightening. He
stood in a flash, and suddenly, a teleportation spell appeared that he
had prepared years before.
As fast as possible, he stepped into the spell, then disappeared.
In the main temple hall on the East Mountain, as Meng Hao and the
others appeared, He Luohua’s face fell. Looking up into the sky, his
face grew pale, and he staggered backwards a few paces.

Grand Elder Ouyang raced out of the main temple, looking up into the
sky, his face grim.
“Did you touch anything in the Patriarch’s meditation zone?” he
asked, turning to look back at them. His expression was very solemn,
as was his tone of voice.
“When we were just about to leave, a stone stele appeared,” said
Chen Fan, sounding pained.
“We were worried that if we brought it out with us, it could bring
disaster to the Sect. So instead, we made copies of it.” He took out
his jade slip, as did Meng Hao and Xu Qing. They handed them to
Grand Elder Ouyang.
“This is...” Grand Elder Ouyang’s brow furrowed, and then his eyes
shone with disbelief.
“There’s no need to study it, it’s fake,” said He Luohua with a long
sigh. “The stone stele as well as the sign in the sky. They’re both
fake.” He looked down at the ground, then shook his head.
“Other Sects from the State of Zhao will be arriving soon. The
Reliance Sect will not be able to evade this disaster. They’re here for
the Patriarch.” He flicked his sleeve, and a rumbling could be heard
throughout the entire Reliance Sect. A soft light arose, covering
everything.
SOOYOuNA | 231
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“You three are Inner Sect disciples, go wait in the main temple hall.”
Just as his voice sounded out, blurs of light whizzed through the sky
from all directions, nearly twenty of them, accompanied by highpitched whistling shrieks.

The blurs approached the shield which surrounded the Reliance Sect,
and as they did, heaven and earth shook. The four mountain peaks
trembled as if they might collapse. Silence suddenly filled the
surrounding wild mountains. The wild beasts all trembled in fear, not
daring to make even a single sound.
Of the twenty or so people in the sky, there were six who formed the
nucleus of the group.
Four were men and two were women, and they were all elderly. They
wore luxurious gowns, and the power which emanated from their
Cultivation bases was petrifying.
Each of these six people had two or three Cultivators behind them,
followers, each of whom had Cultivation bases on par with Grand
Elder Ouyang. These nearly twenty people were the most powerful
people in all the State of Zhao, and here they were at the Reliance
Sect, bearing down on it like dark clouds.
“Reliance Sect!” a voice boomed out, billowing like thunder. The
buildings which comprised the Outer Sect seemed as if they would
collapse at any moment. Large amounts of Outer Sect disciples
coughed up blood, fear covering their faces.
“The Cold Wind Sect is powerful,” said He Luohua with a harrumph.
His voice rang out like a thunderclap as he stood there on the
mountain’s peak, suppressing the voice which had just spoken. He
raised his right hand, and a hum sounded out as an invisible wind
sprang up. It shot toward the person who had just spoken,
surrounding him, suddenly turning black and transforming into a
massive shapeless mouth that seemed about to swallow up the Core
Formation stage Cold Wind Sect eccentric. The man’s face changed,
and he retreated quickly without hesitation.
“Enough, enough,” said one of the powerful Core Formation experts,
looking down at He Luohua. His voice was light but filled with
suppressive power. He wore a long, purple robe embroidered with

images of flutes. Frowning, he raised his hand, and the shapeless
black wind dissipated. “Fellow Daoist He, the sign in the heavens
came from your Reliance Sect. Please hand it over to us.”
A deathly silence filled the Outer Sect, as the disciples felt the
shadow of death looming over them. Within the main temple hall,
Meng Hao, Chen Fan and Xu Qing sat silently. They knew that any
one of the people outside had Cultivation bases so frightening they
could annihilate all of them with the wave of a hand.
Meng Hao’s heart thundered as he looked at them. It was his first
time seeing people so powerful. His thoughts suddenly filled with an
intense desire to become more powerful.
SOOYOuNA | 232
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He Luohua stood on the peak of the East Mountain, looking up at the
group of people. After some time passed, he sighed.
“What do you want me to hand over? I have no idea where that sign
came from.”
“Give in without a fight,” said the man in the purple robe grimly.
“Disperse the Reliance Sect’s grand protective spell. Allow us to
search freely. This is what we mean by handing it over. If you don’t,
then despite the fact that we are fellow Cultivators of the State of
Zhao, we will destroy your grand spell and then exterminate the
Reliance Sect.”
“Exterminate the Reliance Sect...” He Luohua suddenly laughed,
louder and louder. It echoed out throughout the Reliance Sect. As he
laughed, he saw Grand Elder Ouyang standing there next to him,
looking as if he were ready to fight to the death. He also saw the
three Inner Sect disciples sitting grimly in the main temple hall. Then

he glanced at the crowds of Outer Sect disciples, covered in blood.
He knew that they were without hope, helpless.
How could he fight back? How could he ensure that the Outer Sect
disciples lived to see another day? How could he avoid this disaster...
“As long as I am the Sect Leader of the Reliance Sect, I will not allow
outsiders to bully and humiliate us. But there’s really no way for me to
protect everyone...” His laughter carried sorrow within it, but also a
tiny shred of hope.
“Even if you don’t exterminate the Reliance Sect, I fear that it cannot
continue on for very long. Therefore... as of today, the Reliance Sect
is disbanded. I have no further need of these trivial mountains!” He
flicked his sleeve and flew up into the air. Looking shocked, Grand
Elder Ouyang followed him. They floated in the air, looking down at
the Reliance Sect, at what had been their home for so many sixtyyear cycles. Their expressions were filled with grief.
“Disciples, hear my order. The Reliance Sect is hereby disbanded! As
of now, you are no longer its disciples. This world no longer contains
any Reliance Sect!” Veins of blood appeared in his eyes. The twenty
or so experts from the State of Zhao began to laugh coldly as they
listened to He Luohua’s shocking words.
“Are you satisfied?” he asked. “Any treasures or signs here have
nothing to do with me, nor with these Sectless pups beneath me. If
you dare to hurt anyone, I will detonate the grand protective spell,
and then... we can all perish together.” His voice was resolute, and
the bitterness in his words caused the State of Zhao experts’ hearts
to quaver a bit.
“Fellow Daoist He, since you have made this decision, of course we
will not make things difficult for you,” said an old woman from among
the six most powerful of the experts. “The Reliance Sect is
disbanded. If you step aside, then we will not cause problems for any

of the disciples. You can rest at ease.” Her gaze was like lightning. As
she looked over the Reliance SOOYOuNA | 233
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Sect, she could tell that the object from which the sign had originated
was located here, but was not being held by any of the people.
Meng Hao looked up into the sky, and as He Luohua’s words rang in
his ears, he was reminded of the law of the jungle. Despite how
powerful the Sect Leader was, he still had been forced to dissolve the
Sect.
Chen Fan said nothing, but staggered back a few paces on unsteady
legs. Xu Qing lowered her head.
“Hearing the words of the Fellow Daoist from Tianlao, I feel at ease.”
He Luohua flicked his sleeve, and the grand protective spell
dissipated. With that, he made to leave, followed by Grand Elder
Ouyang.
Some among the group of people floating in the sky watched He
Luohua with glittering eyes, clearly unwilling to allow him to leave.
And yet their attention was captured by the prospect of being able to
search the Reliance Sect.
Inside the main temple hall, Chen Fan’s face was pale. He took a few
more steps back, until he was leaning up against the statue of
Patriarch Reliance.
At that exact moment, a booming sound filled the sky and a multitude
of lightning bolts approaching. A cold laughter rolled out, shocking all
the Cultivators to the core. Even the faces of the experts from the
State of Zhao appeared shaken.
“No one is permitted to leave,” the voice roared. A massive shield
suddenly swept over the entire Reliance Sect, covering everything

within countless kilometers in ever direction. No one could leave,
even if they wanted to.
He Luohua’s face changed. He looked up into the sky and caught
sight of a massive Feng Shui compass, roughly three hundred meters
in diameter. On top of it stood a beautiful woman wearing a luxurious,
dark green robe. Her hair was bound by a phoenix hairpin. Dozens of
Cultivators surrounded her, most of whom were female, and all of
whom were extremely beautiful. Their expressions were arrogant and
cold as they looked down.
“Correct, no one is permitted to leave.” Suddenly, the air seemed to
split, and a large, armored man appeared, laughing. He carried an
enormous golden sword slung over his shoulder, and was followed by
dozens of people, all of them big and tall, their faces filled with killing
intent.
“Zhao Shanling of the Golden Frost Sect, Dao Protector,” said the
beautiful, middle-aged woman who stood in the center of the Feng
Shui compass, her voice cold. “You certainly have a sensitive nose.”
Her voice rippled out, filling the air.
SOOYOuNA | 234
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“If the ladies of the Black Sieve Sect can come,” replied Zhao
Shanjun with a laugh, “then why can’t the men of the Golden Frost
Sect?”
Just then, a sigh rang out from outside the massive shield. A cold
light shot down from the heavens, and as it approached, it pierced
through the shining shield. In through the damaged section shot a
flying sword nearly three hundred meters in length.
The primitive-looking, blue-colored sword flew in, surrounding by
swirling, intense coldness which caused snowflakes to begin to fall in

all the area surrounding the Reliance Sect. Standing on top of the
sword was a middle-aged man.
He wore a long scholar’s robe, and held his hands clasped behind his
back. He was the only person atop the massive sword, but he
emanated the aura of a person who could stride among the heavens
unhindered by anyone.
“The Solitary Sword Sect!” said He Luohua, his face changing. He
knew the identity of this scholar from the Solitary Sword Sect, the
number one Sect in the Southern Domain. Their Sect had a saying:
Only a solitary sword need leave the Sect, and the Heavens shall be
rattled.
SOOYOuNA | 235
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 42: WHO DARES TO TOUCH HIM!?
“So, it turns out it’s Fellow Daoist Zhou Yanyun,” said the beautiful,
middle-aged woman, greeting him with clasped hands. Even hulking
Zhao Shanling gave him a silent salute in greeting, a look of fear
hidden in his face.
Seeing all these sudden developments, Meng Hao’s heart began to
pound. This was the first time he had seen so many powerful people
from so many Sects. He was especially impressed by the appearance
of the members of the three Great Sects from the colossal Southern
Domain that Chen Fan had told him about.
“The Southern Domain...” Meng Hao sucked in a deep breath. Xu
Qing stood next to him looking calm. It was impossible to tell what
she was thinking.
In the back of the main temple hall, Chen Fan, pale-faced, sadly lifted
his right hand up and pushed down on a hidden spot on the statue.

Immediately, the entrance to Patriarch Reliance’s meditation zone
closed without a sound and disappeared. Actually, no one inside or
outside of the Sect caught any sense whatsoever that this was
happening, not even Zhou Yanyun and the others from the Southern
Domain.
“Patriarch, Disciple Chen will keep you safe and sound,” he said, his
voice filled with righteousness. “I will not allow any of these people to
disturb your meditation.” He was faithful and true to the Sect, willing
to protect it even at the greatest risk. When his plan succeeded, he
let out a sigh, feeling not even the slightest regret.
Meanwhile, in the secret chamber beneath the Reliance Sect
catacombs, Patriarch Reliance watched the proceedings
triumphantly, filled with excitement.
“Soon, they will find my meditation zone entrance. Then they will
charge in and break open my hidden chamber. At long last, I will no
longer be stuck in here.” Even as he excitedly spoke these words, his
face suddenly changed.
“This... This... Dammit! You... You... What are you doing?!” He
watched as Chen Fan, with utmost caution, began to move. Patriarch
Reliance watched on in a daze as the entrance to the meditation
zone quietly disappeared without a trace. He couldn’t believe it.
Of course, the failsafe had been set up by him years ago as a backup
in case a powerful adversary arrived. He had passed on the secret to
his successors, and it had been handed down through the
generations, the method to prevent outsiders from entering the
meditation zone.
SOOYOuNA | 236
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

Once it was activated, no one would be able to find the entrance,
excepting for someone at the Spirit Severing stage. At the time he
had set it up, he had been filled with pride, for he knew that he would
be perfectly safe.
But he had never imagined that this day would arrive, years later. He
had actually forgotten about the whole arrangement, but... there were
others who had not.
“Damnation! I should have left orders not to accept any people of
moral character into the Sect! No righteous people, no good people.
Kid, you, you, you...” He sat there in a daze, muttering to himself,
wanting to weep, but having no tears to shed. He thought of the stone
stele, of his carefully laid plans, of the blood he had sacrificed, and
how it was all ruined by one person. Of course, this person’s
intentions were good, but as he thought about his unflinching bravery
and faithful demeanor, Patriarch Reliance began to tremble.
Just when he felt he was at the height of despair, Zhou Yanyun of the
Solitary Sword Sect arrived. He gazed over the Sect, casting his
senses across it, as did the beautiful woman from the Black Sieve
Sect and hulking Zhao Shanling. With their powerful senses, they
poured over the Reliance Sect, searching it in thorough detail.
The experts from the State of Zhao watched on in fear. And then,
they too began to search about with their senses.
After some time, Zhou Yanyun of the Solitary Sword Sect frowned. He
could sense the aura of the Sublime Spirit Scripture within these
mountains, but also knew that it was not in the possession of any of
the Reliance Sect disciples. He just couldn’t find it.
It was not just him. The beautiful woman, as well as Zhao Shanling,
also frowned. They descended to the ground and began to search
about in person.

The experts from the State of Zhao did the same, and soon people
filled the Reliance Sect. Meng Hao and the others were kicked out of
the main temple hall, whereupon it was searched to the point of being
wrecked. In the sky, the strange sign began to fade, and yet, no one
had found even a single clue.
People even descended into the underground areas to search, and
yet, they came up empty-handed.
They watched the sign slowly disperse, transforming into a crystalline
glow that eventually disappeared. The aura of the Sublime Spirit
Scripture disappeared, too, as if it had come and gone with the sign.
SOOYOuNA | 237
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The Reliance Sect slowly began to quiet down. No valuable treasures
had been found. Even the dragon’s cave in the black mountain had
been searched. As for the corpse of the dragon, it had been removed
some time ago by Wang Tengfei, leaving the cave empty.
As dusk fell, the search reached its conclusion. The three members
of the Southern Domain’s Great Sects looked somewhat
embarrassed. They had expended Spirit Stones to teleport here, and
yet had come up empty-handed. They were left with the feeling of
loss.
“This kid isn’t bad,” said Zhou Yanyun, standing on his massive
sword, floating in mid-air. His eyes swept across the land, falling onto
Chen Fan. “If you are willing to become a disciple of the Solitary
Sword Sect, then come with me to the Southern Domain.” During his
search for the Sublime Spirit Scripture, he had noticed Chen Fan’s
latent talent, and it had met with his approval. He especially took note
of Chen Fan’s righteous air, which fell in line with the Cultivation
practices of the Solitary Sword Sect.

As he spoke, he lifted a finger, and Chen Fen floated up into the air.
In front of the eyes of Meng Hao, Xu Qing, and all the Outer Sect
disciples, he drifted toward Zhou Yanyun.
The experts from the State of Zhao looked on in envy, knowing how
lucky the young man was.
He Luohua and Grand Elder Ouyang looked on silently, their feelings
somewhat mixed. In the end, they knew that the Reliance Sect was
too small; they would be very happy if an Inner Sect disciple had the
chance to walk a better path.
“Disciple Chen Fan...” began Chen Fan, his face filled with conflicting
emotions. He looked down at the Reliance Sect, at He Luohua and
Grand Elder as they silently nodded their approval. He looked at
Meng Hao and Xu Qing. Then, determination filled his face. “I offer
my thanks to the good will of the senior generation,” he said, lifted his
head up as he looked at Zhou Yanyun. “But disciple is a member of
the Reliance Sect. In this life, I cannot join another.”
He knew that if he agreed, he would have much better opportunities
in the future. But there are some things that a man just cannot do. For
him, there would be only one Sect in his life.
His words seemed to leave the experts from the State of Zhao quite
moved. Disciples like this were a treasure to any Sect! And yet, most
of them also sported looks of pity on their face.
Refusing the Solitary Sword Sect in this manner was courting death.
He Luohua said nothing. He looked at Chen Fan, feeling even more
conflicted. He sighed inwardly, wondering how the young man could
be so stubborn. There was no need.
Zhou Yanyun’s eyes glittered. He stared at Chen Fan for a while, then
dryly said: “Do you know what the words ‘Solitary Sword Sect’ mean
in the Southern Domain?”

Chen Fan was silent for a moment, then nodded. He had studied the
ancient records, so of course he knew about the Solitary Sword Sect,
the number one Sect in the Southern Domain.
SOOYOuNA | 238
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Then you must know my status in the sect.” Zhou Yanyun’s
expression was grim, and his eyes radiated killing intent. Even the
sky around him grew dark, as if it were being torn by the power of his
aura.
“I know of the Solitary Sword Sect, as well as you, Elder Zhou,” said
Chen Fan in a soft voice.
“Everyone knows you. You are the current generation’s Dao
Protector. Your Cultivation base is profound, and your name has
rocked the Southern Domain.”
“So, you know me. Then you know what you are giving up by passing
up this opportunity.” His voice grew colder, as did the temperature of
the air.
“The Solitary Sword Sect has a history tens of thousands of years
old. Their Cultivation shrines, their proliferation of powerful experts,
the meteoric progress made by the Sect’s members, Chen Fan of the
junior generation is well aware of all these things.” He held his head
high, unwilling to back down. His glistening eyes held no sign of
regret.
Zhou Yanyun looked at him, then suddenly began to laugh loudly.
“Originally I planned to make you an ordinary Outer Sect disciple. But
with a temperament like this... Excellent. Excellent! You will be my
personal apprentice!” Zhou Yanyun’s smile was filled with admiration.

With a flick of a sleeve, he pulled Chen Fan onto the massive sword
and prepared to leave.
Seeing the Solitary Sword Sect’s actions, the beautiful, middle-aged
woman realized that taking a qualified disciple back with her was the
only way to prevent this trip from turning out to be a complete loss.
“This girl isn’t bad. The Black Sieve Sect wants her.”
She had long since taken notice of Xu Qing. She approved of her
beauty and coldness. Without waiting for Xu Qing to speak, she bent
her finger, pulling her up onto the Feng Shui compass.
Everyone watched in envy as she began to transform into a
diffraction of light.
Fatty stood there, filing away at his teeth. In his eyes, the Sect being
disbanded meant that he was now free. He was filled with a confused
happiness. He had only been gone a few years, which meant that
when he got back to Yunjie County, the house and the bride that his
father had prepared would still be waiting. Soon, he would be able to
enjoy the life of a rich person.
“Too bad I won’t be able to see Meng Hao. Oh well. We’re brothers,
so I’ll help him pay back the money he owes to Steward Zhou.
Eventually, I will absorb the wealth of all the surrounding villages, and
then, the entire State of Zhao. Hahaha! I, Li Fugui, will be the richest
person in the SOOYOuNA | 239
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
world!” The more he thought about his plans, the more happier he
was. He stood there, filing at his teeth and feeling the anticipation for
the future.
Right about then, hulking Zhao Shanling of the Golden frost Sect
frowned. He was a bit late in acting. After seeing two of this tiny

Sect’s Inner Sect disciples taken away, he glanced at Meng Hao. He
was a bit taken aback as he noticed a faint trace of a Demonic aura
within him.
Muttering to himself, his gaze swept the rest of the Sect, whereupon
he caught sight of Fatty standing in the crowd of Outer Sect disciples.
He stared in astonishment as Fatty filed at his teeth with his flying
sword. His eyes shone, and he completely forgot about Meng Hao
and his Demonic aura.
“How exactly is this fatty practicing Cultivation? He’s managed to
develop a set of Spirit Teeth.
In our Sect, the technique to develop Spirit Teeth has been lost for
eight hundred years. With Spirit Teeth, you can crush Spirit Stones
with your mouth, which is necessary to practice THAT
technique. It seems this trip wasn’t a waste after all. If we take this kid
back with us, he will be a true treasure in our Sect.” His eyes glittering
fiercely, Zhao Shanling lifted his right hand and snatched up the
stupefied Fatty. “Kid, from now on, you are an Inner Sect disciple of
the Southern Domain’s Golden Frost Sect.” He tossed wide-eyed
Fatty into a gray-colored sack.
Fatty’s shrill cries could be heard faintly as he disappeared inside.
Zhao Shanling turned. Followed by his retinue, he headed toward the
immaterial fissure.
And thus, he, along with Zhou Yanyun and the beautiful woman from
the Black Sieve Sect, all prepared to take their leave.
But then, Zhao Shanling suddenly remembered something. He turned
back to look at the Reliance Sect, and his gaze came to rest on Meng
Hao.

As he did, he stopped in his tracks, shocked. The beautiful woman
from the Black Sieve Sect, as well as Zhou Yanyun, also stopped.
Meng Hao began to tremble. As the hulking man looked at him, it
seemed as if he could see through him completely, as if his vision
could pierce to his deepest parts, even to the Demonic Core which
rested in his Core lake.
“This is...” the hulking man’s eyes narrowed, then began to shine. A
moment ago, he hadn’t cared at all about this weak-looking disciple
and had only thought to take Fatty. But something caught his eye
about Meng Hao. He turned, and began to walk toward him.
“I want this kid too!” he said in a booming voice. Meng Hao’s face
turned cold, and he felt as if his body were about to shatter into
pieces. His Core lake seethed, and the Demonic Core felt as if it were
about to be ripped out of his body by some invisible force.
SOOYOuNA | 240
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Pain filled him, and he broke out in a cold sweat. He once again felt
as if his body were being crushed, and he clenched his fists tightly.
There was nothing he could do.
At that exact moment, a booming sound rang out from within the
Reliance Sect. It was a voice, so powerful that it shook the heavens
and earth. In the midst of moving upon Meng Hao, Zhou Yanyun and
the beautiful middle-aged woman, as well as the hulking man,
suddenly looked shocked. They turned their heads, their eyes filled
with astonishment.
“I have one heir left in the Reliance Sect. Who dares to touch him!?”
SOOYOuNA | 241
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

CHAPTER 43: THE SOLE HEIR
Patriarch Reliance sat in his secret chamber in the Reliance Sect
catacombs, his hair disheveled, his eyes red. He looked as if he had
gone mad. His plans were about to go awry; in moments, everyone
would leave, and if that happened, they wouldn’t come back. He
watched in sorrow as the Golden Frost Sect Cultivator began to make
a move towards his only remaining Inner Sect disciple. Fury rose in
him, and without holding anything back from his Cultivation base, he
sent his voice thundering out.
It shook the Heavens and stirred up a gale-forced wind which swept
back and forth. In the wild mountains surrounding the Reliance Sect,
trees were uprooted as the tempest battered the land. Many other
trees were simply splintered into pieces until the tempest became a
dark green color, filled with flashing lightning. The experts from the
State of Zhao floated in mid-air looking on, dumb with amazement.
Even Zhou Yanyun from the Solitary Sword Sect looked confused.
Carrying Chen Fan’s unconscious form in his arm, he retreated. The
massive sword began to hum, and then he was surrounded by
multitudinous sword auras.
The beautiful woman from the Black Sieve Sect also looked
surprised. She retreated, reaching down to slap the surface of the
Feng Shui compass. It suddenly expanded to twice its original size.
As for Zhao Shanling from the Golden Frost Sect, he took a deep
breath and retreated backward, his fingers moving in incantation
patterns. The golden sword flew out from behind him, and his entire
body glowed with a golden light, making him look like some sort of
celestial general.
