The three of them stared around at the Reliance Sect, as if they were
facing a deadly opponent.

Meng Hao, who still stood on the East Mountain, looked at this
change of events, at the dark green tempest which filled the sky with
its deafening roar, filled with unparalleled might. He found it difficult to
breathe. His eyes wide, he moved backwards, his clothing whipping
in the frenzied wind. He grabbed onto a boulder and held on, lest he
be sucked up by the wind. And yet, his eyes shined. Patriarch
Reliance’s words just now had reminded him of what he had read on
the first page of the manual all those years ago when he had first
arrived at the Reliance Sect.
He Luohua and Grand Elder Ouyang also looked surprised. This turn
of events was too sudden, shocking them to the extent that it almost
seemed as if their Cultivation bases would crumble under the might of
the tempest.
SOOYOuNA | 242
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Let it be known, the Patriarch is still here!” roared Patriarch Reliance,
deep in the catacombs.
“No one is permitted to touch the kid surnamed Meng! He is my only
Inner Sect disciple left.
If he dies, I will have no hope!!” Gritting his teeth, he slapped the top
of his head, and his body shook. He spat out a mass of blood, then
continued to hit himself over and over again, spitting out more and
more blood. His body began to spin.
A look of hatred appeared in his eyes. After hitting himself seven or
eight times, a massive amount of blood had been spat out. It
congealed together, then shot toward the stone wall with a
resounding boom. It banged against the wall, and nearly half of it was
gone by the time it was able to punch through.

Having accomplished this, Patriarch Reliance’s head tilted to the side
and he slipped into unconsciousness. He almost seemed dead, as if
only the refined blood contained his awareness.
The refined blood burst out from the secret chamber and through the
catacombs. Outside, in plain view of the awestruck bystanders, it
spread out to cover the entire Reliance Sect into a roiling red fog.
Within the mists of the fog boomed the sound of lightning as it
continued to expand. In an instant, it had covered the surrounding
mountainous region for countless kilometers in every direciton. From
the outside, it appeared as if the entire area had turned into a red sea
of fog!
The fog churned and the roaring sound lifted into the skies. All of the
Cultivators present were stunned, and their shock was visible on their
faces, even Zhou Yanyun and the others.
Within the red fog, the Reliance Outer Sect disciples all lapsed into
unconsciousness, uninjured. On the other hand, Sect Leader He
Luohua and Grand Elder Ouyang were pushed away, out of the fog.
Their faces went pale as they watched on in astonishment.
The fog roiled ceaselessly, and the thunderous roar continued on until
it seemed there was nothing in the world except its resonant
booming. The land was like an ocean of fog, the sky colorless. Then,
the fog began to move, forming together into a gigantic face.
The size of the face left everyone filled with fear.
The face was that of an old man, calm, powerful and domineering.
His eyes were closed, but as soon as He Luohua and Grand Elder
Ouyang saw him, their heads began to spin. They recognized this as
none other than... Patriarch Reliance.
“Patriarch...” said Grand Elder Ouyang, his eyes wide, filled with
excitement.

SOOYOuNA | 243
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“He... He’s not dead after all!!” The experts from the State of Zhao
cried out in alarm, their faces draining of blood. One after another,
they fled, their hearts trembling.
Suddenly, Patriarch Reliance’s colossal red-fog face opened its eyes
a crack. They opened just a sliver, and yet they emitted a trembling
power which seemed as if it could crack open the earth.
He glanced up at the Heavens, and they seemed to be bloodshot. As
his gaze swept around, the dark green tempest smashed into the red
fog, seemingly transforming into Patriarch Reliance’s long, dark hair.
As he watched this, Zhou Yanyun’s face went pale and he spat out a
mouthful of blood. As he retreated backwards his massive sword
suddenly split in two, leaving behind only a stump of a blade. His
eyes filled with dread, and his heart pounded. His Cultivation base
was at the Nascent Soul stage, but caught underneath this gaze, his
Nascent Soul began to wither. He retreated even faster, pulling out a
blue-colored talisman, which he activated. It covered his body, as well
as unconscious Chen Fan, as he sped off into the distance. A
powerful voice seemed to echo in his heart, telling him that his
opponent was not at the Nascent Soul stage, but rather, the almighty
Spirit Severing stage.
As the beautiful woman from the Black Sieve Sect saw all of this
happening, the Feng Shui compass beneath her suddenly began to
emit popping sounds, and was riddled with cracks.
Then it exploded into pieces. This woman had never been so afraid.
Spitting out blood, she retreated with an unconscious Xu Qing. The
only thing that filled her mind was: flee!

As for tall, hulking Zhao Shanling, his body seemed as if it were being
attacked by a falling mountain. He retreated backwards, coughing up
blood. The golden sword in front of him shattered into fragments. His
face pale, he turned and dashed away, fleeing toward the immaterial
crack.
The experts from the State of Zhao all spit up blood. The Foundation
Establishment stage Cultivators felt the spiritual energy in their body
snapping, and they knew their longevity had been damaged. Their
faces grew wan.
On top of the East Mountain, the red fog curled around Meng Hao,
circling around his waist.
Face pale, he continued to grip the boulder. To the onlookers,
however, Meng Hao’s position was exactly in the middle of Patriarch
Reliance’s forehead.
“You forced my Reliance Sect to disband, and you’ve attempted to
slaughter my only heir! You truly have gall!” His world-shaking voice
boomed out in all directions, and as it did, three red beams of light
shot out, shooting straight toward Zhou Yanyun, the beautiful woman
and the hulking man from the Golden Frost Sect.
SOOYOuNA | 244
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I, Zhou, am an Elder of the Solitary Sword Sect, a Protector of the
Dao. If Patriarch Reliance kills me, the Solitary Sword Sect will
destroy you!”
“Patriarch Reliance, please cease your anger. Junior is a disciple of
the Black Sieve Sect, my grandfather is Ping Sandao, your good
friend!”
“Junior was mistaken, Patriarch, please calm your anger.”

Words poured out of the three people as the red light pursued them;
Patriarch Reliance let out a cold snort.
“Beat it, you three!” The three red beams disappeared. “Go back and
ask your Sect Elders if they’ve forgotten about the Blood Pact we
made all those years ago. The State of Zhao is my realm. Anyone
who dares step foot here cannot blame me for annihilating them. As
for those three other disciples, take them away, I don’t need them.”
Their faces pale, the three Southern Domain disciples disappeared.
Seeing this, the State of Zhao Cultivators froze in place, trembling.
Seeing Nascent Soul stage Cultivators act like that left them petrified.
The most powerful among them was only at the Foundation
Establishment stage.
The thousand-year-old legends about Patriarch Reliance had now
come to being in front of their very eyes.
As the powerful, domineering voice boomed out, the fog began to roil
and spin, with Meng Hao as its center. The fog congealed in front of
him to form a long spear.
It was not red, but instead covered with talismanic inscribing of white,
silver and gold. It appeared to be incredibly extraordinary.
“The Reliance Sect has been dissolved. So be it. But this kid is my
only Inner Sect heir. If anyone dares to touch him...” His attention
turned to Meng Hao. “In that case, Meng Hao, use this spear to
exterminate that person! All of you, beat it!” His voice echoed out
across the land. The State of Zhao experts immediately fled. What
they didn’t seem to notice was that Patriarch Reliance’s voice had
grown noticeably weaker. It was barely noticeable, but if one paid
careful attention, it was definitely weaker.
The unconscious Outer Sect disciples suddenly lifted up into the air
and flew away in all directions. Then, a turbulent, blood-red glow

enveloped the entire Reliance Sect. No onlooker would have been
able to see it, but Meng Hao could.
SOOYOuNA | 245
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He Luohua and Grand Elder Ouyang watched on in a daze. Finally,
shame appeared on He Luohua’s face. He lowered his head and
saluted respectfully toward the blood-red shield. Then, he let out a
light sigh, turned, and disappeared into the distance.
Grand Elder Ouyang was silent. One by one, he took the Outer Sect
disciples out into the wild mountains. Then he looked at the Reliance
Sect from a distance. With a sigh, he departed.
He and He Luohua both knew that with the Patriarch’s
acknowledgment of the dissolution of the Sect, there was no longer
such thing as the Reliance Sect.
Meng Hao stood within the blood-red glow, looking excited. He looked
at the spear, which emitted a white, silver and golden glow. Suddenly
and inexplicably, the spear, completely of its own volition, shot
forward, combining with the fog to transform into the image of an old
man in a red robe. It was Patriarch Reliance.
Clasping his hands in salute, Meng Hao said, “Disciple Meng Hao
pays respects to the Patriarch.” Without even thinking about it, he
began a flood of eloquence: “You cast awe into the hearts of the
people of the State of Zhao, and your name is even known in the
Southern Domain. I have revered you ever since I joined the Sect.
Every day I pay homage to your words from the beginning of the
manual. I have constantly reaped rewards...”
“Very well, very well. You haven’t done well in your studies. Let me
tell you, kid, when I was your age, my flattery sounded much more

natural than yours. Don’t try to pull that stuff off on me.” Patriarch
Reliant glared at him, yet inwardly was a bit moved.
Meng Hao looked at him with a sheepish smile.
“Even though it’s useless to flatter me, well I... never mind. Listen up.
I was only able to use a sliver of my consciousness, so it wasn’t easy
to scare off those damned Nascent Soul stage Cultivators. I don’t
have much time at the moment before this form disappears.” As he
spoke, he began to grow more and more indistinct. “I need to rest for
a year. When that year is up, you must use any means possible to
attract every expert of the Foundation Establishment stage or higher
from the State of Zhao to come to my meditation zone. If you can
accomplish this, then I will give you an incredible reward!” He raised
his hand and pointed a finger at Meng Hao.
Instantly, information entered Meng Hao’s mind, and he now knew
how to open the entrance to the meditation zone.
“Kid, you are the only heir to my Reliance Sect. Don’t get yourself
killed. If you get killed, I will have to find a concubine to bury with
you... I... I find it annoying to have to...” The sound of his voice
continued to echo about, but his body had dissipated. Not a shadow
remained.
SOOYOuNA | 246
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao stared blankly for some time before recovering. It was at
this point that he realized that everything which had happened had
been Patriarch Reliance’s attempt to scare away the outsiders.
“So he didn’t kill those three people... But, what happened to the
spear he was going to give me?”
SOOYOuNA | 247

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 44: THE NORTH SEA REVEALS THE DAO
In the entire expansive Reliance Sect, only Meng Hao remained,
standing alone on the East Mountain. He watched the red light fade
away, then lowered his head. The formerly bustling Outer Sect was
now empty.
Elder Sister Xu had been taken away. Elder Brother Chen had gone
to the Southern Domain.
Even Fatty was gone. He had no idea when he would see them
again. Would it be months?
Years?
His status as an Inner Sect disciple, his three years in the Reliance
Sect, they all became memories. The twisting autumn wind hit his
face and lifted up his hair, blowing away the dust that had settled
there.
He quietly sat down on the boulder. A long time passed, and
eventually the stars peeked out one by one. Then dawn came. Meng
Hao sighed and lifted his head.
“They’re all gone... and here I am, still in the State of Zhao.”
Suddenly, Meng Hao missed home.
Even though he had gotten rid of his old ancestral house in Yunjie
County, he still missed his old bed and dilapidated bowls. Even more
so, he missed Mount Daqing. He missed... he missed his kind,
smiling mother, and his father, who had always seemed afraid of his
mother.
It was all somewhat vague. Meng Hao shook his head, and as the
rays of dawn crept out, he stood up. There was no need to search the

Reliance Sect. Everything worth taking was long gone, pillaged by the
experts from the State of Zhao. It was all was empty.
Meng Hao patted the dust off his clothes, then changed out of his
Inner Sect silver robe, back into the scholar’s gown he had worn all
those years ago. It was a spacious robe, but as he put it on, it felt a
bit small. He stared at the rising sun and let out a sigh. Deep within
him, his golden Core Lake seemed to bubble, and within it, the
Demonic Core emitted spiritual power that filled and replenished his
body.
“I’m not too far from the seventh level of Qi Condensation. I can feel
the bottleneck.” He walked forward, slapping his bag of holding. Two
flying swords emerged and floated down to his feet. He glided down
the mountain and left the Reliance Sect.
Using this technique with the flying swords granted him the ability of
flight. But similar to Elder Sister Xu with her Wind Pennant, it was
only temporary flight, nothing long term.
SOOYOuNA | 248
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao moved ever more swiftly, speeding along throughout the
mountain forests. Finally, he was able to leave the Reliance Sect
region, a place he hadn’t left for three years. He flew throughout the
seemingly endless wild mountains, eventually disappearing over the
horizon.
Time passed, and maintaining his original speed, Meng Hao
eventually emerged from the mountainous region after two days.
“I’m not sure how long it took Elder Sister Xu to bring me to the Sect,”
he muttered to himself, looking back at the mountains. “It was a few
days, but I was unconscious. In any case, I think her speed at that
time would have been similar to my own now.”

To Cultivators, the State of Zhao is not very large. But to mortals, it is
actually quite a vast region. In his studies, he had read about its
geography, and though he had never personally travelled about in it,
he was nevertheless somewhat familiar with the area.
“As of now I’m in the north of the State of Zhao. I shouldn’t be too far
from Yunjie County.” Off in the distance, he could see what looked
almost like a mirror laying on the flat land. That would be what was
referred to as the North Sea.
“Now that I think about it, with a Wind Pennant, and being at the
seventh level of Qi Condensation, Elder Sister Xu could fly
temporarily, but it would drain her spiritual power relatively quickly.
She couldn’t have flown very far away.” Meng Hao’s eyes flickered
with longing. He had been away from Yunjie County for three years,
and his desire to return was growing stronger. He knew that after
crossing the North Sea, he would be about a half-day’s walk from
Mount Daqing.
Breathing in deeply, he proceeded onward, eventually arriving at the
shore of the North Sea.
He looked down, and on the surface of the calm lake, he could see
his reflection in the water.
He was no longer a youth. He looked to be about 20 years of age. His
face appeared steadfast and resolute, completely different from the
ignorant, immature Meng Hao of the past.
Amidst the silence, a warm, hearty laugh rang out, breaking Meng
Hao’s train of thought.
“Hello, young sir, do you wish to cross the sea?” A small boat slid
across the water, guided toward Meng Hao by an old man wearing a
woven rush raincoat. His face was covered with the evidence of a life
of hardship, but he spoke with a smile.

“I do not wish to trouble you, old sir,” said Meng Hao, looking
surprised. He hadn’t been called
‘young sir’ for three years now.
SOOYOuNA | 249
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“It’s no trouble,” said the old man. “I’ve been ferrying people across
the ocean for many years.
I really admire young, talented scholars like yourself.” He pushed the
boat up next to Meng Hao, who leaped easily onto the deck, offering
his thanks.
There was a young girl inside the boat, seven or eight years old, her
hair done up in two pigtails.
She squatted in front of a little oven, tannings its flames as she boiled
water. Steam wafted up.
Inside the pot of water was a bottle of alcohol.
“This is my granddaughter,” said the old man as he turned the boat
around. “Too bad she’s a girl. If she were a boy, I would have sent her
off to be a scholar. Young sir,” he said with a smile,
“where are you from?” The boat headed out toward the center of the
lake. As the wind sprang up, the old man sat down next to the oven.
The little girl looked up at Meng Hao, her wide eyes innocent and
charming.
“I am a young scholar from Yunjie County,” Meng Hao said with a
smile. “Below Mount Daqing.” This type of mortal life caused him to
think of his life from before, three years ago.

“Yunjie County, that’s a good place! Great men lend their glory to a
location. Many years ago, an auspicious sign appeared there. It even
arose the notice of the officials.” The old man picked up the bottle of
alcohol. “This weather is turning cold and my body can’t take it. Here,
have a drink.” He extended the bottle toward Meng Hao. “Can you
drink?”
Meng Hao knew the auspicious sign to which he referred. It had been
ten years before, the day before his parents went missing. When he
thought of this, his heart grew a bit melancholy. He hesitated for a
moment, looking at the bottle. He had never drank alcohol before.
Back in Yunjie County, he had lived in poverty, and there had been no
alcohol in the Reliance Sect. He lifted up a glass and allowed the
man to fill it, then took a drink.
A spicy warmth suddenly filled his heart, then slowly spread out
through his body.
“Old sir, your conversation topics are somewhat out of the ordinary.
Have you been running a ferry here for a long time?” Meng Hao
gazed at the rippling green waves, then took another drink of alcohol.
The alcohol burned its way down, and he thought of the Reliance
Sect, of Elder Sister Xu, Elder Brother Chen and Fatty.
“Twenty years,” replied the old man with a laugh. “In my life, I’ve
ferried many, many people across this North Sea. I’ve seen a lot of
things, and of course, I’ve learned a lot about how people tend to
have conversations. Please, don’t laugh at me. Who knows how
many years this lake has been here? It’s seen a lot of people too.
People remember it, and it remembers the people.”
The old man lifted his glass and took a drink.
SOOYOuNA | 250
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

Meng Hao stared at him for a moment. This was the first time he had
ever heard someone speak in such a fashion. He looked back at the
lake, muttering to himself, seemingly lost in thought.
“This is obviously a lake,” he said suddenly. “Why do people call it the
North Sea?”
The old man thought for a moment, then smiled. “Lakes can dry up,
grow quiet, and become still. If that happened, no living things would
remain. But seas last forever, and can contain the water of countless
rivers and lakes. Maybe people just didn’t want the lake to ever go
away, so they named it that way. When all is said and done, if you
believe it’s a lake, then it’s a lake. If you believe it’s a sea, then it’s a
sea.”
When he heard the old man’s words, Meng Hao’s mind suddenly
trembled. The hand holding the glass of alcohol began to quiver, and
he stared out at the lake water, almost in a trance. He seemed to lose
track of time.
Time passed, and the boat reached the shore. Meng Hao pulled out
some silver that he had acquired from one of the disciples back at the
Reliance sect and paid the fare. He gave the old man a deep bow of
respect, then watched as the boat drifted off. His eyes shined with a
strange light.
He didn’t leave, but instead sat down cross-legged on the lakeshore,
looking out at the waters, and the lone boat disappearing into the
distance. He could hear the old man laughing.
“If you believe it’s a lake, then it’s a lake. If you believe it’s a sea, then
it’s a sea...” The old man’s voice echoed across the distance. It
seemed as if... he were not disappearing into the distance, but
rather... merging into it....
Meng Hao sat there in a trance, taking it all in. He sat for three days
straight.

He didn’t move at all during that time, instead staring silently at the
lake, the old man’s words echoing in his mind.
“Lakes can dry up, grow quiet, become still. If that happened, no
living things would remain.
But seas last forever, and can contain the water of countless rivers
and lakes...” Meng Hao’s eyes suddenly lit up. The golden Core Lake
within him seemed boundless, but in his eyes it was still a lake.
“If I believe it’s a lake, then it’s a lake. If I believe it’s a sea, then from
now on... let it be a sea!”
A thunderous sound filled him, and the Core Lake began to seethe
and churn. Without the aid of any medicinal pills whatsoever, it
suddenly expanded.
SOOYOuNA | 251
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao wasn’t aware of any of this. His eyes were closed tightly;
he had entered a strange state. The old man’s words filled his mind.
He didn’t notice it, but around him, the boundless Spiritual Energy of
heaven and earth had begun to gurgle up, surrounding his body and
then entering it. Waves broke out across the North Sea, and within its
churning arose a massive amount of Spiritual Energy, which rushed
forth and surrounded Meng Hao.
The North Sea was revealing the Dao!
If, at this moment, a Core Formation Cultivator could see what was
happening, he would be thoroughly shocked.This type of Dao
enlightenment was only possible for someone at the Spirit Severing
stage. In addition, it required a huge amount of fortune and luck. Yet
here was Meng Hao, already reaching out to the threshold!

The reason he could succeed in this was in large part due to the
Demonic Core within him. It was the Core of a Flying Rain-Dragon,
an ancient beast whose tail could transform into a Demon. Actually,
that year in which he had dreamed of the Flying Rain-Dragon, Meng
Hao had already reached Dao enlightenment.
Three days passed, and finally Meng Hao opened his eyes. They
glowed with a golden light.
Within him, his Core Lake had increased by a shocking double. As he
examined it, Meng Hao realized that this was no lake. This was a
Core sea!
He believed it to be a sea, therefore... it was a sea!
The seawater roared, and waves whipped about. The Demonic Core,
as stable as ever in the depths, emitted Spiritual Energy which filled
Meng Hao’s entire body. Using the techniques he had learned from
the Sublime Spirit Scripture, he circulated the energy. His body began
to glow with a golden light, as if something had suddenly broken out
within him. The golden light emanated around him for nine meters in
every direction.
Amidst the roaring, Meng Hao’s Cultivation base suddenly climbed
upwards, breaking through the sixth level bottleneck directly into the
seventh level of Qi Condensation.
Even though he had just broken through to the seventh level, his
power was the same as if he had already reached its peak. This was
because in his dantian region was not a Core Lake, but a Core sea!
Earlier, the Spiritual Energy which had built up in the North Sea for
countless years had suddenly surged forth as if to help Meng Hao
make his breakthrough.
Gradually, the Spiritual Energy of heaven and earth which surrounded
him began to dissipate, as did the North Sea’s Spiritual Energy.

Slowly, the golden glow which emanated from Meng SOOYOuNA |
252
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Hao also began to fade, and slowly he returned to his usual
appearance. He sat there cross-legged. The golden light eventually
left his eyes, although they continued to sparkle brightly.
He slowly stood up and looked out at the North Sea. With clasped
hands, he saluted the sea deeply. His mind was filled with
descriptions he had read about in the Reliance Sect’s Magic Pavilion,
of the various Demonic creatures of the Nanshan Continent.
Wherever demons existed, there would be demons that appeared as
mountains, demons that appeared as rivers, and demons that
appeared as plants and animals.
“Today, the North Sea revealed the Dao. One day when my
Cultivation base is high enough, I will return here and help you
become a sea!” He gazed out at the North Sea. He wasn’t sure
whether or not this lake, which desired to be a sea, might be like the
descriptions he had read about, something with life, a demonic life.
Regardless, it had helped him make a breakthrough in his Cultivation
base, helped him turn his Core Lake into a Core sea. He must repay
the kindness. There was only one way: to help this lake become a
sea!
After some time passed, Meng Hao turned and strode toward Mount
Daqing.
SOOYOuNA | 253
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 45: A LOOK BACK AT THE MORTAL WORLD AFTER
THREE YEARS

Autumn wind curled around Mount Daqing in the north of the State of
Zhao. Most of the rattan vines had dried and withered, and leaves
floated down from the mountain into the river below.
Perhaps they, like that gourd bottle from years ago, would eventually
reach the Milky Way Sea and then float on to the Great Tang in the
Eastern Lands.
Beneath Mount Daqing lay three counties. Yunjie County was the
most flourishing of the three.
It wasn’t very large, but it bustled with people. When market day
came, people from the whole mountain region gathered there, and a
hubbub of voices would fill the air.
On this day, a young man wearing a clean, blue scholar’s robe
walked into Yunjie, seemingly restless with emotion. Though he was
a stranger, his face looked familiar. It was, of course, Meng Hao.
He walked down the familiar streets, passing houses and shops. As
he strolled through the mortal world, he recalled many things from the
past. This place contained his memories from childhood, the lonely
bitterness of his youth, and his stubborn attachment to his studies. So
many unforgettable events.
Passing a large courtyard, he said, “That would be where Miss Sun
lives....” The walls which had seemed so tall in the past, now looked
somewhat short. Past the walls were Miss Sun’s bedchambers, a
place that had been the subject of many fantasies in the past.
He had often imagined that Steward Sun would take a liking to him,
and then offer him Lady Sun’s hand in marriage. She was rumored to
be as beautiful as a goddess.
Three years had passed, not a very long time, but to Meng Hao, it
seemed as if an entire generation had come and gone.

Shaking his head emotionally, he was about to move on, when
suddenly the main doors of the Sun mansion opened and a sedan
chair emerged. Meng Hao stopped. How often in the past had he
looked into the courtyard, hoping to catch a glimpse into Lady Sun’s
bedchamber? His eyes flickered as he gazed at the sedan chair. The
wind suddenly lifted the screen curtain of the sedan, and he saw an
extremely fat girl inside, her face covered with dark spots. She was
young. Meng Hao’s jaw dropped.
If he hadn’t recognized the serving girl next to her, he would never
have believed that the young woman was actually Miss Sun.
SOOYOuNA | 254
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The sedan chair disappeared into the distance, and Meng Hao
continued walking, feeling a bit regretful.
“I just destroyed the image of my dream lover...” he said, shaking his
head. “Well, the sages were right: avert the gaze from
inappropriateness. I shouldn’t have looked, shouldn’t have looked.” A
look of pity appeared on his face as he walked away.
Around noon, Meng Hao found himself staring blankly at a large
house off in the distance. It was worn-out and dilapidated and there
were clearly people living inside. He could hear noise drifting out from
inside. It sounded like the occupants were arguing.
This was Meng Hao’s ancestral residence. Years ago, he had been
destitute, and was forced to sell it. Inside that house were many
beautiful and happy memories from the past, as well as the bitter, yet
empowering memories from the time after his parents went missing.
Image after image appeared in Meng Hao’s mind. He stood there
until dusk began to fall.

Silently, he approached the door, raised his hand, and knocked.
The knock silenced the din of argument that had continued
unceasingly throughout the afternoon. After a moment the door
opened. A middle-aged man stood there, frowning. His face was
covered with lines from a lifetime of hardships.
“Who are you? What do you want?”
“Uncle Li...?” said Meng Hao quietly, looking at the man in front of
him.
“You...” the middle-aged man stared in surprise. He looked closely at
Meng Hao, and then a look of disbelief filled his eyes. “Meng Hao?
You... Where have you been? Come in!” With a look of pleasant
surprise, the man dragged Meng Hao into the house.
“Wife, come see who it is!”
A middle-aged woman sat inside, tears in her eyes. When she heard
her husband’s words, and saw Meng Hao, she gaped for a moment,
then rose to her feet, her eyes beaming with joy.
“It really is Meng Hao...” said the man.
SOOYOuNA | 255
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Child, everyone said you just up and left that year. Let Auntie have a
look at you.” She stood in front of him, looking him up and down, her
eyes filled with happiness. She seemed to have forgotten the
afternoon spent arguing. “I haven’t seen you for years. You’ve grown
taller, but, ai, you’re so skinny. You must have endured a lot over the
years.
“Here, have a seat. Auntie will cook a few dishes for you. You just got
back, stay a while. You may have sold this place to your Uncle Li, but

it’s still your home.” She gave a kind, happy smile to Meng Hao, then
glared at the man and went into the kitchen.
Soon, the table was filled with food. Looking at the couple in front of
him, and the kindness in their eyes, it reminded him of the times after
his parents had gone missing. Without the help of Uncle and Aunt Li,
things would have been much more difficult for him.
“The harvests haven’t been good these years,” said Aunt Li, serving
some food to Meng Hao.
“We gave our house to our son so that he could get married. Since
this place was empty, we moved here.” She gave him a kind look.
“Where have you been all these years? We looked all over for you,
but were never able to find you.”
Meng Hao listened to them talk and felt their kindness in his heart. He
told them a somewhat vague story of traveling to a different part of
the nation to study. After the meal was finished, he gave the couple a
deep bow.
“Uncle Li, Aunt Li, I would like to repurchase my ancestral home.
After all, my mother and father left it for me. Here are some pieces of
silver. You two can continue living here and help take care of the
place.” He pulled out some pieces of silver from within his robe and
put them down.
“This...” Uncle Li hesitated, looking at his wife. Aunt Li said nothing,
but after a moment passed, nodded.
“You’re right,” she said resolutely. “This house is yours, left to you by
your father and mother.
Your Uncle Li and I are getting old, so as you suggest, we will stay
here. But we don’t need the silver. We looked after you as you grew
up. You’re like our own child! How could we take your money?” She
put the silver pieces back into Meng Hao’s hand.

Meng Hao didn’t say anything, instead clasping his hands and bowing
deeply to them once again.
He didn’t stay for the night. Instead, he gathered together some
things from the house that contained memories, then made his
farewells and slipped off into the darkness of the night.
He didn’t take the silver with him. He left it on the bed.
SOOYOuNA | 256
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Later, he sat cross-legged on a bed in an inn, looking out at the night
sky. He sighed.
“I’m no longer part of the mortal world, and yet, it’s hard to sever all
the ties.” He closed his eyes. “Well, if they can’t be severed, then I
shall just let them remain.”
At dawn the next morning, Meng Hao found the Wang Family
carpenter shop. There, he saw an aged Uncle Wang, his face full of
wrinkles, sitting in the shop staring at nothing. In front of him was a
wood carving that looked just like Wang Youcai. Uncle Wang’s face
seemed to be filled with an indelible sorrow.
Meng Hao thought for a moment. He wasn’t sure whether or not
Wang Youcai was dead. After being promoted to the Inner Sect, he
had sought out Little Tiger, then gone to inspect the area where Wang
Youcai had fallen off the cliff. He hadn’t been able to find any clues
regarding what had happened.
With a sigh, Meng Hao walked into the carpenter shop.
Sensing that someone had arrived, Uncle Wang lifted his head. When
he saw Meng Hao, he stared in surprise. Rubbing his eyes, he stood
up, trembling.

“You... You’re... Meng Hao?”
“Uncle Wang, it’s me.” Meng Hao reached out to support the old man.
“Where is Youcai?” he asked. It seemed he hadn’t forgotten the
details about what happened that year. Looking at Meng Hao, he
suddenly seemed excited. “You both went missing at the same time
that year. Where is he...?”
“Youcai wasn’t able to return, so he asked me to send a message for
him,” said Meng Hao with a smile. “He’ll be back in a few years. You
can rest at ease, sir. Youcai is living very well.” He helped Uncle
Wang into his chair, then sat with him for a while chatting. He told him
that they had gone off to study, and Youcai was so talented that he
wanted to continue studying for some time before returning.
Tears of excitement rolled down Uncle Wang’s face. He listened to
Meng Hao’s story, nodding, and it seemed as if some of the wrinkles
on his face disappeared. Meng Hao continued to tell some interesting
anecdotes, and the old man smiled.
“That kid was always smart. He never wanted to study carpentry from
me. He would spend all day thinking about other things. Good, good.
If he can go out to study, it’s a good thing.” Uncle SOOYOuNA | 257
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Wang’s smile widened. Around noon, Meng Hao left, escorted to the
door personally by Uncle Wang.
Little Tiger and Fatty weren’t from Yunjie County, but rather the other
two surrounding counties. Meng Hao wasn’t very familiar with Little
Tiger, but felt confident that he could take care of himself. On the
other hand, he definitely had to go pay a visit to Fatty’s family to let
them know he was doing well.

Fatty was most likely in the Southern Domain. Meng Hao sighed
inwardly.
That afternoon, he went looking for Steward Zhou, but couldn’t find
him. After asking around, he learned that Steward Zhou had moved
his household away about half a year ago. People said he’d moved to
the capital city of the State of Zhao. Learning this, Meng Hao made
no further inquiries, and left Yunjie County.
There were many memories here, but Meng Hao knew that as soon
as he had entered the Reliance Sect, his path lay in the direction of
the State of Zhao, and the Southern Domain.
He left in silence, taking with him only a few items which he stored in
his bag of holding: some pots and bowls, and some bed quilts. The
pots and bowls had been given to him by his father as a gift, and the
bed quilts had been quilted by his mother. To Meng Hao, these things
were priceless.
There were three counties below Mount Daqing. In addition to Yunjie
County, there was Yunhai County and Yunkai County. Fatty’s home
was in Yunkai.
It was smaller than Yunjie, and although it was not as bustling, it was
surrounded by vast tracts of land and was therefore quite a wealthy
place. This was especially true of the handful of great families, who
controlled sizeable properties and wealth.
Fatty’s father was the famous Moneybags Li of Yunkai County. From
what Fatty had told him in the past, his family employed several
hundred workers, and you could spend an entire day walking through
the family compound, which was filled with menservants and
maidservants.
He had said his chamberpot was made of silver, his quilts purchased
from the capital city of the State of Zhao, and that from childhood,
maidservants would heat his bed for him before he slept. That

arrangement had continued as he grew up, and he said he couldn’t
even remember how many maidservants he’d touched in his life. In
any case, he had never lacked for want of anything, all the way down
until the time his marriage had been arranged. His fiancée was an
extremely beautiful young woman from a family of famous scholars in
Yunkai. His father had put a lot of thought, and money, into
successfully arranging the matter.
SOOYOuNA | 258
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
As he thought back to Fatty’s expression when he talked about it,
Meng Hao smiled. He walked into Yunkai County.
SOOYOuNA | 259
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 46: THREE LONG SPEARS
Meng Hao had been to Yunkai County a few times before. Usually it
was when he needed to buy pens, ink, paper and inkstones. Perhaps
because the excess of wealth in the village prompted a demand for
scholarly embellishments, the price of writing supplies was cheaper
than average.
Even though three years had passed, the place looked just like
before. As Meng Hao walked down the streets, he couldn’t help but
notice that outside of many of the shops hung lanterns, upon which
the character “Li” was written in sweeping calligraphy.
From what Fatty had said, his father was the richest person in Yunkai,
and actually owned about half of the county. And it wasn’t just land
they owned, but business, all of which were marked with the
character “Li.”

After asking around, he determined the location of Fatty’s house and
headed in that direction.
The sun was beginning to sink over the horizon, turning the sky dark
and covering the land with a soft glow.
It didn’t take long for him to reach the east end of Yunkai County,
where he saw a massive estate, filled with a veritable forest of grand
buildings. Above the main door, which was guarded by retainers, was
a board inscribed with the words “Li Mansion.” The lively sound of
singing and dancing could be heard from within.
Meng Hao’s body flashed, and he was inside.
The mansion was a large, surrounding an inner courtyard where
singers and dancers were currently putting on a show. Meng Hao
caught sight of an extremely fat, middle-aged man wearing a
luxurious robe. He closely resembled Fatty; this was obviously his
father. Sitting next to him was a young man whose face was covered
with a prudent expression.
He seemed wildly arrogant, and wore expensive garments, yet his
body looked a bit frail, as if he had worn himself out with too much
wine and women. He held a wine cup in his hand, and a somewhat
indecent expression shone in his eyes as he looked over the singers
and dancers.
“Still not here yet?” said the young man, frowning. His tone of voice
was both cold and bored.
“Any moment, any moment,” said Fatty’s father, looking extremely
embarrassed, but forcing an obsequious smile onto his face. “Young
Lord Zhao, please just wait a bit longer. My daughter-in-law tends to
take things slowly.” Even as the words came out of his mouth, several
SOOYOuNA | 260
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

maidservants appeared in the distance. Walking behind them was a
young woman. She wore a long, gauzy garment, and her hair was put
up with phoenix hairpins. Her appearance was pure and beautiful,
and yet there was a look of fear on her face; as she approached she
seemed to shiver as if she were cold.
“Father...” she said as she approached. She bowed in greeting.
“Xiang’er, this is the young Lord from the house of Zhao in Yunhai
County,” said Fatty’s father softly. “Why don’t you toast him?” He
looked at his daughter-in-law apologetically. Even though his son had
been missing for years, she continued to wait for him to return, never
complaining. She treated her father-in-law with utmost filial piety.
“Greetings, young Lord Zhao,” said the girl softly, lowering her head.
She was afraid, but she knew that the family was not in a good
position at the moment. She lifted up the wine pot and poured some
wine into a cup, which she extended to him with both hands.
He looked at her, his eyes shining brightly. He swallowed hard. The
girl was shockingly beautiful, and in his heart, he was already
prepared to make some trouble. A lecherous smile appeared on his
face. He accepted the wine up and then tried to grab her hand. The
girl stepped back, frightened, causing the cup to tumble to the floor.
“How dare you!” shouted young Lord Zhao, his eyes blazing. He
kicked over the table, sending wine and food scattering about. He
pointed at Fatty’s father. “You listen to me, Li Dafu. My younger
brother is back, and he’s an Immortal now. He wants your property,
not your lives! I felt pity for you and spoke kindly of you to him, but
then you humiliate me like this!?”
“Young Lord Zhao, this...” Fatty’s father hastily tried to speak.
“Shut the hell up! Let me tell you, this matter isn’t finished! If you
know what’s good for you, you’ll have your daughter-in-law spend the
night with me. If she pleases me, then I’ll say some more nice things

about you to my younger brother....” He laughed coldly, his eyes fixed
on the girl, whose face had grown pale white. A dirty look once again
appeared on his face.
Fatty’s father’s face grew ashen. At first, the young man had only
mentioned toasting, which he had agreed to. But this was excessive.
He gritted his teeth. His son was missing, and he couldn’t even
protect his own daughter-in-law. What was the point of living?
“Beat it!” he roared. “Get the hell out of here! Men, kick this man out!
Even if the Li family goes bankrupt, I won’t tolerate insults from the
house of Zhao!”
“How impressive,” laughed young Lord Zhao. He spun and left, his
eyes filled with murder.
SOOYOuNA | 261
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Watching the feast being cleared away, the young girl bit her lip, tears
streaming down her face. She lowered her head and looked as if she
were about to say something.
“Don’t worry about this matter,” said Fatty’s father calmly. “Law still
exists in this world. Please, take the young miss back.” Servants
appeared to escort the young woman away. Everything was quiet.
Fatty’s father began to tremble. He staggered, suddenly seeming to
grow older.
Then he shook his head and began to walk. Before long, he reached
a building. He pushed the door open and walked in. It was a luxurious
room, but seemed as if it would look better if everything weren’t
covered with bite marks.
“Fugui, where are you?” murmured Fatty’s father as he sat down into
a chair. “Why haven’t you returned...?” He looked even older than

before. He gently rubbed at a bite mark on the table.
“He’s doing well,” said a voice, breaking the silence. Fatty’s father
lifted his head, and his eyes filled with fear as he realized that
somehow another person was standing in the room, next to the
window. He had no idea when or how he had come to be standing
there.
He wore a long blue robe, and looked like a scholar. It was none
other than Meng Hao.
“You...” Li Dafu stood up, looking alarmed. He took a few steps back.
“I’m Li Fugui’s friend from the Sect, Meng Hao, from Yunjie County.”
Meng Hao turned. His eyes moved from some bite marks on the
windowsill to rest on Li Dafu.
“Meng Hao!” said Li Dafu, shocked. He recognized the name. When
he had checked into the disappearance of his son all those years
ago, he’d learned that three other boys had gone missing at the same
time. One of them was named Meng Hao.
“Fugui, he...” Li Dafu’s body began to tremble. Inside, he felt
hesitation.
“He’s not in the State of Zhao at the moment, but I think he’ll be able
to return before too long.”
Meng Hao walked forward and sat down in a chair. “I saw what
happened in the courtyard just now,” he said coolly. “I’ll stay here for
a few days to take care of the matter.” He took a piece of paper out
and placed it down onto the table. “Please forge me three spears
according to these specifications. One iron, one silver, and one gold
spear.” With that, he closed his eyes.
Li Dafu hesitated, but then nodded his head. Regardless of how
unbelievable the situation might seem, he would rather believe what

Meng Hao had just said. Without a word, he picked up the paper and
hurried off.
SOOYOuNA | 262
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
As for young Lord Zhao, he left the Li household, and Yunkai County,
his face grim.
Accompanied by his retainers, he made his way back to Yunhai
County in the darkness of night, gnashing his teeth. As he walked, he
slapped himself hard in the face, leaving behind a clear palm print.
Soon, he arrived at a large courtyard, and the expression on his face
suddenly turned to one of respect, even awe. His voice low, he
spoke.
“Little brother, are you awake?”
“What’s the matter!?” said a cold voice. The voice was a bit shrill, as if
its owner was a boy just beginning to go through puberty.
“Not only does the house of Li refuse to listen to your suggestions,
they also humiliated me.
They even slapped me.” Young Lord Zhao tried to put on his most
humiliated expression.
The door slowly opened, and a young man walked out. He appeared
to be about twelve or thirteen, and wore a richly embroidered gown.
He had finely chiseled features and looked almost beautiful. Were
Meng Hao here, this young man would instantly begin to act like a
toady. He was one of the disciples saved by Grand Elder Ouyang the
day the Reliance Sect was disbanded. He was Meng Hao’s servant,
Zhao Hai.
He had the same idea as Fatty, to become a great landowner. With
Fatty gone, he had returned to this area and began plundering the

properties of the local rich families. He had actually begun to plan
how to deal with Li Dafu back when he was still in the Reliance Sect.
Unfortunately, after returning, he’d learned that the Li family forbade
its members from revealing information about family assets.
“You good-for-nothing fool,” said Zhao Hai with a cold snort. “Do you
really think I’m as stupid as you? The angle of that palm print is all
wrong. You obviously hit yourself.” An expression of disgust appeared
on his face. But, this person was his older brother. He frowned.
“Never mind.
I’m about to make a breakthrough in my Cultivation base. In seven
days, I’ll go with you to the house of Li.” He turned and went back into
the room, slamming the door behind him. Young Lord Zhao looked
pleased. His heart burned as he imagined the young girl’s plaintive
cries coming from underneath him, seven days from now.
Seven days passed. Zhao Hai walked out of the house of Li in Yunhai
County, his hands clasped behind his back, followed by young Lord
Zhao. They brought a group of family retainers with them. Their eyes
filled with killing intent as they headed straight for Yunkai County.
In Yunkai County, Meng Hao sat cross-legged in Fatty’s room,
meditating in silence. Around noon-time, a light knock could be heard
on the door. Meng Hao slowly opened his eyes to see Li Dafu
entering the room. Behind him were ten family retainers. Three
groups of three men each carried a spear, one iron, one silver, and
one gold.
SOOYOuNA | 263
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Networks of fine lines were carved onto their surfaces, making them
appear both primitive and luxurious at the same time. Meng Hao

raised his hand, and the iron spear flew through the air toward him. Li
Dafu and his servants gaped in astonishment and shock.
The iron spear was extremely heavy; to see Meng Hao snatch it from
such a distance frightened them.
Li Dafu’s body shook, and his eyes shone. Before, he had surmised
that Meng Hao was not an ordinary person. Despite only half trusting
him, he had still complied with the request to craft the three spears.
But now, he thoroughly believed his previous words. This person was
clearly not ordinary.
Meng Hao nodded, retrieving the silver and gold spears. He tested
them out, then deposited them into his bag of holding with the flick of
a sleeve. When this happened, flopping sounds sounded out as the
servants dropped to their knees and bowed to him, their expressions
filled with shock.
SOOYOuNA | 264
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 47: ANOTHER ENCOUNTER WITH SHANGGUAN XIU
“An Immortal!”
Li Dafu seemed to be frozen in place, trembling violently. He looked
as if he, too, might drop to his knees. Before, he had assumed this
person was extraordinary in some way, but had never imagined that
he could be an immortal. Then he suddenly became even more
excited as he remembered the man had said that his son was a friend
from his Sect.
“Don’t tell me... Don’t tell me that useless kid is now an Immortal!?”
He was about to ask when Meng Hao lifted his head and looked out
the window. The sound of a commotion drifted in from outside, then a
series of cracks as the main gate was broken open.

“Li Dafu, get the hell out here! My younger brother is an Immortal,
and he’s here to visit you.
Come out here and bow to him!”
Li Dafu looked up. Meng Hao stood and walked toward the door. Li
Dafu followed hurriedly, and they soon arrived in the outer courtyard
of the mansion. Pieces of the door lay scattered about everywhere,
along with a multitude of moaning family retainers. The cocky young
Lord stood there, and behind him, a young man, one hand held
behind his back, the other held up in front of him. Encircling his hand
was a finger-sized Flame Serpent.
The young man looked proud and unyielding, and his Flame Serpent
caused the surrounding onlookers to slowly move away from him,
gasping with fear and astonishment.
“Kid brother, this is Li Dafu,” said the young Lord Zhao, ignoring Meng
Hao, who stood behind him.
“So you are... huh?” Zhao Hai lifted his chin as he started to speak,
then suddenly caught sight of Meng Hao. His body immediately
began to shake, and his eyes filled with disbelief. The Flame Serpent
instantly disappeared, and the blood drained from his horrified face.
Unconsciously, as by instinct, an ingratiating look appeared on his
face.
“Li Dafu,” shouted the swaggering young Lord Zhao, clearly unaware
of Zhao Hai’s change in expression, “you dare to not kneel before my
brother? Let me tell you, he’s an Immortal! Do you understand what
that means? He could exterminate your whole family with a wave of
his hand!
SOOYOuNA | 265
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

“You still haven’t brought the girl out? Prepare a good room
immediately. If she takes care of me well, and I’m happy, then maybe
if you beg, I can provide you with an heir. Otherwise, your name will
die out!” The more he spoke, the more excited he became. Behind
him, however, Zhao Hai’s face was deathly pale. He trembled as he
looked at Meng Hao, his head spinning.
And then his brother’s words hit his ears, and his heart filled with
dread.
“If you don’t,” continued the young Lord, “then, heh heh, you’re dead,
along with that scholar standing next to you... Hey, who’s he? Your
adopted son? You dare to stare at me? Are you looking to die? My
brother is an Immortal...” Before he even finished speaking, his words
reached Zhao Hai’s ears like a thunderclap, causing him to leap into
the air. Fury filling his eyes, he slapped his older brother across the
face.
“Shut the hell up!!” he screamed, sounding as if he was about to
weep. He knew Meng Hao too well. He remembered his status when
he was in the Inner Sect, his victory over Wang Tengfei.
Nobody in the Outer Sect was ignorant of Meng Hao, nor his sixthlevel Cultivation base. Meng Hao was like a lofty mountain that could
crush Zhao Hai to death with little effort.
Even as his brother cried out in pain, Zhao Hai dropped to his knees,
body quivering. “Servant Zhao Hai extends greetings... greetings to
Elder Brother Meng...”
His brother stood next to him, gaping in surprise. Covering his face
with a hand, he blurted,
“Brother, what did you call him? Elder Brother Meng? Hahaha! So
he’s family! Ah, the girl must have caught his fancy too. Well, just give
Meng...”

“Shut up!!” screamed Zhao Hai. He looked as if he were so scared he
would drop dead. His body shook violently as his mind replayed all
the things he’d heard about Meng Hao from the Outer Sect disciples.
Utterly discomfited, he leaped to his feet and slapped his brother in
the face again.
Li Dafu watched on in amazement. He sucked in a breath, then
looked numbly at Meng Hao.
He had guessed that Meng Hao was an Immortal, but he’d never
imagined that upon seeing him, the powerful Immortal from the house
of Zhao would be so terrified that he would break out trembling.
It wasn’t just him. The surrounding servants all watched on in a daze,
their eyes filling with veneration as they looked at Meng Hao.
“Elder Brother Meng...” said Zhao Hai, kneeling again, his eyes filled
with intense fear.
His face somber, Meng Hao looked at Zhao Hai coldly, wordlessly.
SOOYOuNA | 266
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Zhao Hai’s heart thumped, and he clenched his jaw. He caught sight
of his older brother standing next to him, and his eyes filled with rage.
He didn’t dare to complain to Meng Hao, so he decided to vent his
anger on his brother.
He waved his right hand, and once again the finger-sized Flame
Serpent appeared. It slammed into the young Lord Zhao, who
immediately began to scream shrilly. He fell to the ground, rolling
back and forth. Within moments, he had turned into a twitching,
charred corpse.
“I beg Elder Brother Meng to spare my life,” said Zhao Hai, ignoring
his brother, kneeling before Meng Hao and kowtowing over and over

again.
“It seems you are reluctant to leave the mortal world behind,” said
Meng Hao coolly.
“Therefore, from today on, you can set your mind at rest, and live as
a mortal. He lifted a finger, and instantly, Zhao Hai’s face went pale
and he spat out a mouthful of blood. His dantian shattered, and his
second-level Cultivation base was destroyed. He was no longer a
Cultivator, but a mortal.
He staggered up, saluting Meng Hao with clasped hands. Then he
turned and left in anguish, supported by his men. He gradually
disappeared into the distance.
“I didn’t discipline him well enough,” said Meng Hao, not watching as
Zhao Hai left. “He was my servant who ran away from the Sect. He
caused trouble for you, Uncle Li.” He bowed to Li Dafu with cupped
fists.
“No harm was done, all is well,” said Li Dafu, shaking his head. “My
thanks to you, Immortal.”
He bent at the waist in a bow. His head was still spinning as he
thought about the Immortal of the house of Zhao being Meng Hao’s
servant.
“No need for that, Uncle Li,” smiled Meng Hao. “Fatty... Li Fugui is my
closest friend in the Sect.
I came here in his place to visit, so of course I would not turn a blind
eye to a situation such as this.” He took a step back, cupping his fists
again in salute. “I shall take my leave.” He departed in a flash. Within
a few steps, he was gone, leaving Li Dafu looking a bit melancholy.
He was thinking of his son. Then, he broke out in another smile, his
eyes filling with pride and anticipation.

“My son has done well. He’s an Immortal! I will go burn some incense
in the ancestral hall. This matter has brought glory to our family and
ancestors.”
Meng Hao left Yunkai County. It was afternoon now, and his robe
rippled in the autumn wind.
The mountain wind grew stronger and stronger as he approached
Mount Daqing.
SOOYOuNA | 267
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He stood on the same place on the mountaintop where he had stood
in a daze three years before. Emotion filled his face. Three years had
passed so quickly. His face was no longer young and naive. He had
matured, but Mount Daqing was the same as always. It would never
change, nor would the great river which flowed ceaselessly beneath
it.
Looking down at the river, Meng Hao thought of the gourd bottle he
had thrown into it that year. He thought about how he had
encountered Elder Sister Xu, Fatty, Wang Youcai and Little Tiger.
Silently, he leaped into the air and onto a flying sword. He flew down
the mountain to the fissure in the cliff. He entered.
It was exactly the same as it had been before. Meng Hao stood
inside, looking around. That year, Elder Sister Xu had been at the
seventh level of Qi Condensation. And now, he was a Cultivator of
the seventh level. It was as if the three years had been a giant circle,
with this as the starting point, and the ending point.
“But if the three years really were a circle, then perhaps returning
here means that I’ve reached a new starting point... It’s like the sages

said, if you don’t take a first step, you will never know which direction
the road leads.” He closed his eyes for a while, then opened them.
“I’ve already taken my first new steps. That year, I lacked money, and
now I lack Spirit Stones.
It doesn’t seem much has changed.” Meng Hao shook his head,
thinking about the scant amount of Spirit Stones in his bag of holding.
He couldn’t help but feel a bit of pain as he turned and left the cave.
Atop his flying sword, he shot down in the direction of the river.
Suddenly, his eyes narrowed, and he lifted up his head. Up on Mount
Daqing, in the same position he had just been standing in, was a man
wearing a golden-colored robe. He gazed down coldly at Meng Hao.
“So, you did come back here,” he said in a sinister voice which
seemed to make the setting sun grow even darker, leaving behind
only his eyes, filled with murder and greed.
It was Shangguan Xiu!
The day the Sect had been dissolved, he was the first person to flee.
After a few days had passed, he reappeared. After some asking
around, he learned about the dissolution of the Sect, as well as how
Patriarch Reliance had cast terror into the hearts of the entire
Cultivation world of the State of Zhao. So, covering his tracks, he left,
deciding that it was time to go harvest some medicinal plants that he
had planted in secret some time ago.
SOOYOuNA | 268
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
On the way, however, he had passed Mount Daqing, which caused
him to think about the time he had investigated Meng Hao. He knew
that this was where Xu Qing had found him, so he decided to stick
around for a few days in the hopes of encountering him.

Killing intent shone in Meng Hao’s eyes. He was currently at the
seventh level of Qi Condensation, so he was able to detect the levels
of other Cultivators. Shangguan Xiu was at the ninth level. Although
his Cultivation base was not complete, it was close. With luck, he
would soon be able to successfully reach Foundation Establishment,
which would make him one of the most powerful experts in the State
of Zhao.
Meng Hao knew that he was no match for him, even if he had a lot of
magical items on hand.
Right now, though, his bag of holding had not been replenished, and
he had almost no Spirit Stones. It was not a good time to fight.
Without a word, he shot off into the distance, his body turning into a
blur. As he sped off, Shangguan Xiu gave off a cold laugh. Within the
Sect, he had feared Grand Elder Ouyang, and hadn’t dared to make
a move against an Inner Sect disciple. But that was in the past. His
desire to kill Meng Hao and take his treasures burned brightly. His
body flashed, and a talisman appeared in front of him. It picked him
up, and he shot in pursuit of Meng Hao.
“This time, there’s no special promotion training! How can you escape
my hands?!” A sinister smile covered Shangguan Xiu’s face. He was
determined to succeed!
SOOYOuNA | 269
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 48: ECCENTRIC SONG AND WU DINGQIU [1]
Thunder rolled out in the evening sky. Rosy clouds drifted about, and
the autumn wind rustled, picking up the fallen leaves and sending
them floating. It should have been a beautiful, rainy autumn evening,
but the peacefulness was interrupted by two figures who occasionally

dropped to the ground, but then immediately shot back up into the air.
They soared along, engaged in a life-and-death pursuit.
Meng Hao was in front, his eyes glistening. After reaching the
seventh level of Qi Condensation, he could maintain top speed on his
flying sword for the time it takes half an incense stick to burn. At that
rate, he could not shake off Shangguan Xiu.
After some time passed, he was forced to drop to the ground, run as
fast as possible for a while, and then resume gliding.
Shangguan Xiu pursued him doggedly. He knew that he couldn’t let
him escape; if he did, Meng Hao could easily hide somewhere in the
massive State of Zhao, and that would be very troublesome.
At the moment, he was extremely confident. A critical juncture had
arrived. He knew that Meng Hao possessed some treasured item. He
wasn’t exactly sure what it did, but he was determined to acquire it.
“Meng Hao, you can’t escape me! My aim has always been the
Southern Domain. The only reason I haven’t ascended to the
Foundation Establishment stage yet is because I didn’t want to.
You’re like an ant to me! You will be my stepping stone into
Foundation Establishment!”
Shangguan Xiu was of the ninth level of Qi Condensation. Even
though he was very close to breaking through to the Foundation
Establishment stage, his level of power was still far from that level.
That having been said, even though Meng Hao was in the same
stage as him, their Cultivation bases were still two levels apart. This
meant that not only was Shangguan Xiu faster, but because of his
status as an Elder in the Reliance Sect, he’d had access to higher
level magical items.
The talisman whistled through the air, propelling him forward with
extraordinary power. He flicked his wide sleeve, snapping a jade slip.

A green mist shot out, which coagulated into a green bottle, about
half the height of an average person. It shot toward Meng Hao.
Meng Hao’s eyes flickered and he slapped his bag of holding. Ten
flying swords appeared, shooting toward the magical bottle. As soon
as they collided, the ten flying swords exploded into pieces, which
mushroomed out in all directions. The bottle shattered, but
Shangguan Xiu simply increased his speed and leaped over the
cloud, intent on decreasing the distance between him and Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 270
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
At that moment, Meng Hao suddenly turned, his hands flickering in
incantation patterns. Wind Blades appeared, three of them. However,
they didn’t shoot toward Shangguan Xiu, but instead flew in circular
patterns, faster and faster, creating a gravitational force which pulled
in the shattered remnants of his flying swords. Soon, they had formed
a spinning vortex.
A booming sound rang out, but Meng Hao didn’t look back. The
vortex behind Shangguan Xiu suddenly exploded, sending shrapnel
shooting out. Shangguan Xiu was knocked forward, shredding much
of his clothing. His eyes burned with fury.
“So you’ve reached the seventh level of Qi Condensation!”
Shangguan Xiu glared as Meng Hao sped off into the distance. He
continued his pursuit, albeit more cautiously. He knew that Meng Hao
was incredibly crafty, and could not be underestimated. He must use
all his power.
When he thought about the technique Meng Hao had just used,
gathering the fragmented pieces of the swords together, Shangguan
Xiu was a bit taken aback. If Meng Hao’s Cultivation base were
higher, then the attack just now, while it might not have killed him,
would have seriously injured him.

“He’s so young, yet so sinister. Exploding the swords was just a
diversion. Dammit!” He increased his speed, turning into a ray of light
as he pursued Meng Hao.
Two people shot through the evening as the sky grew dark. The
bright moon looked down, its gaze illuminating them.
Meng Hao’s face was grim. He consumed some Demonic Cores.
Even though the North Sea had shown him the Dao, and he had
broken through to the next level, his current situation did not bode
well. He was at the seventh level of Qi Condensation, but had no way
to lose his pursuer. He was in somewhat of a crisis.
“There will come a day when I will slay this man!” thought Meng Hao.
As he considered the inexplicable enmity between them, he came to
the realisation that it was all because of his opponent’s greed. Over
and over again. It was extremely annoying.
Looking back at Shangguan Xiu, Meng Hao gritted his teeth. As his
flying sword sputtered out of power, he leaped to the ground, racing
toward the wild mountains. He was heading, not toward the Reliance
Sect, but rather the east of Mount Daqing, where a chain of
mountains rose and fell off toward the flatlands and the capital city of
the State of Zhao.
The mountains here were numerous, even more so than the regions
around the Reliance Sect.
This mountain chain was the largest in the State of Zhao, and had
come to be known as the State Shield Mountain range. From a
distance, you couldn’t see past them, and in the night, they rose up
like the undulating spine of a slumbering dragon, emanating a lofty
air.
SOOYOuNA | 271
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

Meng Hao lowered his head, speeding deep into the State Shield
Mountains. This was not the first time he had fled for his life in the
past three years. From his experience that year on the black
mountain, Meng Hao knew how to seize opportunities. He flew as fast
as he could, heading deeper and deeper into the mountains.
Shangguan Xiu did not slow in his pursuit. No matter where Meng
Hao went, he would follow.
His mind was set; he would kill Meng Hao and take his treasures.
And yet he knew he didn’t have much time. The medicinal plant that
he had been growing was ripe and ready to be harvested. If he was
too slow, it would wither, which would wreck his future plans.
In his estimation, it should take more than one or two days to take
care of Meng Hao. That much of a delay was acceptable. So without
hesitation, he continued into the barren mountains in pursuit.
About five hundred kilometers away from the point where Meng Hao
and Shangguan Xiu entered the State of Zhao’s State Shield
Mountains, there arose a lofty mountain.
The mountain’s peak pierced the clouds, and was visible from a vast
distance away. Everything from half-way up the mountain all the way
to its peak was covered with white snow. It was huge, much bigger
than any of the surrounding mountains, and its very top seemed to
emanate rays of light that covered the mountain like flowing water.
Next to this mountain was another mountain, whose top appeared to
have been sliced off, forming a round, plateau-like platform.
Assembled on the platform were nearly a hundred Cultivators
wearing long, white robes.
They were young, the youngest of the group being eleven or twelve
years old, the oldest, seventeen or eighteen. There were boys and
girls, and all of them wore expressions of keen anticipation. Some of

them seemed to be keeping their Cultivation base concealed, and
their faces looked proud and unyielding.
Some of the group were at the seventh or eighth level of Qi
Condensation, and a few were even at the ninth. The weakest were
at the fifth or sixth levels. There was no Sect in the State of Zhao who
had disciples like this. Clearly, whoever had gathered this group of
youths was a major Sect from the Southern Domain.
Their clothing was all uniform, and they radiated an imposing air, as if
they had the power to affect everything around them. Some of them
had outstanding latent talent, and all of them were filled with vigor.
Clearly, they belonged in the Cultivation world.
“These are some of my Outer Sect disciples,” said a voice with a
complacent laugh. “What do you think, Eccentric Song?” At the front
of the group, near the edge of the platform, two old men sat crosslegged, a Go board spread out between them. The person who had
laughed was SOOYOuNA | 272
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
one of these old men. He had white hair, wore a white robe, and had
the demeanor of a transcendent being.
His eyes flashed like lightning and were filled with pride. He continued
to laugh.
Sitting across from him was Eccentric Song, wearing a long black
robe that seemed to shimmer with iridescence. His long gray hair
hung in disarray, and he wore an enigmatic smile on his face.
“Excellent, excellent. Your Violet Fate Sect is definitely worthy to be
called one of the five Great Sects of the Southern Domain. There are
clearly some promising subjects among your Outer Sect Disciples,
Wu Dingqiu.” Eccentric Song smiled, and a cold wind seemed to
spring up. The onlooking disciples’ minds seemed to shiver.

“Very well, let us carry out our wager,” said the white-robed man with
a smile, his eyes flashing.
His hand made a snatching motion, and suddenly a large stone
appeared, about the size of a human head. It slammed down onto the
ground next to him.
It was dark and opaque, and yet a black glow could be seen flickering
inside it. A multitude of flickering twinkles could be seen within, as if it
were composed of a vast number of gems.
“This is what I’m putting up, a Heaven Crystal!” The white-robed
man’s eyes sparkled as he looked at Eccentric Song.
“No problem,” said Eccentric Song, flicking his sleeve. “This is the
Star Fragment you’ve had your eye on.” A large lump of iron
appeared, about the size of a fist. It emanated a black glow, as if it
could swallow up everything in sight. It was clearly anything but
ordinary. “See the flag on the peak of the mountain? If your disciples
can topple that flag, then you win. But, if your Violet Fate Sect
disciples aren’t skilled enough to ascend the mountain, then your
Heaven Crystal is mine.” He laughed contentedly.
“Fear not,” said the white-robed man with a confident sneer. “My
disciples can definitely snap your paltry flagpole. They will also clear
the mountain of all its treasures and slay all the Demonic beasts
you’ve raised. Don’t go back on your word when that happens!”
“I have roamed heaven and earth for four hundred years and have
never gone back on my word. Yes, I have filled this mountain with
many treasures and Spirit Stones, as well as numerous unique Spirit
beasts that I have carefully raised. But mark my words, once the
mountain is opened, anyone under the Foundation Establishment
stage can enter, for seven days. This includes your Violet Fate Sect
disciples, as well as disciples of any other Sect.
Anyone!

SOOYOuNA | 273
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Anyone with skill can acquire the treasures. Even if someone comes
along who can clear them all out, I won’t even so much as frown, let
alone go back on my word. If I do, then I’m not surnamed Song!”
Eccentric Song spoke all these words with head held high, looking
unyielding, his voice decisive.
“However, anyone without skill who does not acquire treasures, and
cannot ascend to the top of the mountain, will become food for my
Spirit beasts. This is simply their destiny.” Having said this, his smile
grew even colder, and his eyes filled with a sneer.
“All of my Violet Fate Sect disciples are outstanding among their
peers,” said Wu Dingqiu with a glare, his voice booming out. “Clearing
out your mountain will be as easy for them as turning over a hand.”
“For a hundred kilometres surrounding my treasure mountain, Spirit
Beasts roam freely. I’ve fertilized the land with soil from the bottom of
the Eastern Sea, which hasn’t seen the light of day for ten thousand
years. I even transported the top of Mount Tian Shan from the
Southern Domain to be this mountain’s highest peak, spending an
entire sixty-year cycle refining it and assimilating it into mountain.
There is nothing like it in the world. Each Spirit beast here is an
exquisite specimen personally acquired by myself. They are fiendish
and unusual, Mutated beasts that I painstakingly collected from
everywhere under heaven! I think the hundred or so disciples you
have brought are not enough food for my Spirit beasts!” Eccentric
Song glared, slowly rubbing his beard.
1. Eccentric Song’s surname in Chinese is 宋 Sòng. It has no real
meaning. It is the same “Song”
as the Song Dynasty. Wu Dingqiu’s name in Chinese is 吴丁秋 wú
dīng qiū. Wu is a common family name. Ding is the fourth heavenly

stem. Qiu means Autumn SOOYOuNA | 274
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 49: MOUNTAIN OF TRIAL BY FIRE
“My Violet Fate Sect is one of the great sects of the Southern
Domain. These may be just Outer Sect disciples, but even to enter
the Sect, each and every one of them passed nine difficult tests.
Every month, they immerse their bodies in a Spirit Spring. They
possess inexhaustible amounts of heavenly materials and earthly
treasures. All of them have extraordinary latent talent, rarely seen in
any Sect.
“These disciples could flatten your crappy mountain with the wave of
a hand. As for your Demonic creatures, they aren’t even fit to be
eaten by my disciples. They’re not Mutated beasts they’re Mutt
beasts!” Wu Dingqiu glared with wide eyes. The disciples behind him
lowered their heads in embarrassment, glancing at Eccentric Song.
Eccentric Song stared for a moment, surprised. He flicked his sleeve
and was about to say something when Wu Dingqiu suddenly leaped
up and turned to face his disciples.
“Violet Fate Sect Disciples!” he roared. “This might be your first time
to venture outside of the Sect, but this mountain, where life and death
is predestined, is a promotion training ground for the Inner Sect.
Anyone who steps onto the mountain and reaches the half-way point
shall be remembered. Anyone who reaches the mountain top, even
more so. And whoever manages to snap that crappy flagpole will be
my personal apprentice, and receive immediate promotion into the
Violet Fate Inner Sect! What are you gaping for?! Get moving!”
Upon hearing this, the faces of the white-robed disciples filled with
inspiration and their eyes shined. This was their first time outside of
the Sect. Some thirsted to become a member of the Inner Sect,
others desired to acquire treasures. According to the rumors they had

heard in the Sect, vast amounts of Spirit Stones, medicinal pills, and
magical items were hidden in this State of Zhao treasure mountain.
Nearly a hundred bodies flashed toward the mountain, a shocking
sight.
The peak of the mountain was extremely high, and the mountain itself
was surrounded by forest.
Almost immediately, thunderous noises arose from within the trees.
The roars of the wild beasts shattered the quietness of the still night.
Two hours passed in which miserable shrieks continuously rang out
from Demon Beast Forest, especially the border regions. Suddenly,
seven or eight Violet Fate Sect disciples fled out from the forest, their
faces filled with fear. They were being pursued by three mighty
beasts who SOOYOuNA | 275
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
had the heads of dragons and the bodies of tigers. The ground shook
beneath their feet as they charged forth.
The life force of these three beasts seemed boundless, their might
extraordinary. Their fur was long and thick, causing them to look
completely different from the average Demonic beast, savage and
fierce to the extreme. When they breathed, their auras transformed
into Mist Serpents which coiled around their bodies, leaving the
inexperienced, novice disciples frightened to death. Their faces
paled, and they ran away at top speed.
Once they stepped foot outside the trees, the Demonic beasts
ceased their pursuit. They glared viciously at the seven or eight
disciples, then turned and disappeared back into the forest.
On the flat plateau, Eccentric Song laughed heartily. “Look, Wu
Dingqiu, these are the Spirit beasts I have raised. What do you think?

Even if your disciples grew up inside a Spirit Spring, it wouldn’t do
any good. Forget about the even more powerful Spirit Beasts on the
treasure mountain, your Violet Fate Sect disciples can’t even get past
the Spirit Beast Forest!”
Wu Dingqiu sat there in his white robe, an unpleasant look on his
face. He stared angrily at the seven or eight Cultivators. And yet, his
tone of voice was as arrogant as always as he calmly said: “Those
disciples are merely at the fifth or sixth level of Qi Condensation. The
truly Chosen in my Sect are all still in the forest. It won’t be long
before they step foot onto your crappy mountain, then they will clear
out all the junk you have hidden there!”
Time passed by, another two hours...
So far, no one had been able to get past the Demonic Beast Forest to
step foot onto the mountain itself. Currently, miserable shrieks and
wails drifted out from the trees, and before long, a commotion broke
out at the edge of the forest as ten or more Violet Fate Sect disciples
fled out in terror. Dread filled their faces, and some of them were
injured. This was their first time outside of the Sect, and they were
like flowers grown indoors who had never faced wind and rain. They
were being pursued by a group of five howling Demonic beasts; one
was a fierce, pitch-black tiger. Another was a giant peacock, nearly
six meters tall. The rest were hard to identify, but were clearly out of
the ordinary.
On the plateau, Eccentric Song once again let out a complacent
laugh. He appeared to be in very high spirits. He grew even happier
when he saw Wu Dingqiu’s increasingly somber face.
“Wu Dingqiu, are these really the most outstanding disciples in your
Violet Fate Sect? It seems that being raised inside a Spirit Spring
really doesn’t cut it. I’m afraid that even if they ate meals made from
heavenly materials and earthly treasures, it still wouldn’t do them any
good. My treasure mountain is filled with unusual items rarely seen in
the Southern Domain. I’ve spent all my energy in the past years on

this project. After years of allowing my creatures to grow in strength,
my mountain is ready. I’ve been waiting for quite some time for your
Violet Fate Sect to come for this trial by fire.”
SOOYOuNA | 276
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Wu Dingqiu’s face grew so grim that it seemed it might explode at any
moment, like a volcano.
In a stiff voice, he said, “It’s just a crappy mountain, nothing worth
bragging about. I could level the whole thing with the wave of a hand.
All the disciples that have come back out are useless. The true
Chosen ones are...” Even as the words came out of his mouth, his
eyes suddenly widened. A handful of disciples had just come running
out of the edge of the Demonic Forest. He leaped to his feet. With a
roar, he said, “Get back in there! If anyone dares to run away, I shall
expel you from the Sect!”
His roar reverberated across the land, but not very far. He limited it to
a radius of about fifty kilometers. When they heard it, the disciples
who had just fled out of the forest grew pale and began to tremble.
They didn’t dare to flee. Gritting their teeth, they turned and headed
back.
The Demonic beasts that had been pursuing them were also
frightened, and dared not attack.
As for the twenty or more disciples who had already fled the Demonic
Forest, their faces grew even paler, and they hesitated. They weren’t
sure if they should go back in or not.
“Be it the Violet Fate Sect’s disciples, or another Sect’s disciple,
during these seven days, anyone can enter my Spirit Beast Forest,”
said Eccentric Song with a hearty laugh. “Anyone with the skill to step
foot on my treasure mountain can have the chance to take away the

treasures. I will neither stop them, nor even frown. Even the flag on
the mountain peak is fair game. There I have placed a bag of the
Cosmos, which can hold mountains and rivers inside.
Upon hearing his laughter, Wu Dingqiu’s face grew more unsightly.
He was beginning to feel that this Eccentric Song was too spiteful. He
had filled the mountain with treasures, and seemed to have complete
confidence that they wouldn’t be touched. Wu Dingqiu flicked his
sleeve and made to leave. He had already suffered too much
humiliation, and would not stand for any more. But before he could
go, Eccentric Song stood and blocked his way.
“Fellow Daoist Wu, we had an arrangement. Before we finish our
game of Go, neither of us may leave. You’re an Elder from one of the
Great Sects of the Southern Domain. You’re not going to go back on
your word, are you?” As he laughed, his beard floated up a bit. His
face was filled with utter pride, and it seemed he had no intention of
letting Wu Dingqiu leave.
At that moment, Meng Hao was several thousand kilometres away,
flying quickly through the mountain forest. Around him, autumn
leaves floated in the air, and behind him, Shangguan Xiu was in hot
pursuit, killing intent radiating out from him.
“This State Shield Mountain range goes on forever, Meng Hao,” said
Shangguan Xiu, his voice sinister. “Its depths are filled with miasma!
Going in this direction is the same as picking the road to death!”
“Pipe down,” said Meng Hao coldly. He frowned. It was the first thing
he had said this entire time. He was really getting annoyed with
Shangguan Xiu. As far as he was concerned, it was fine if he wanted
to chase him, but the ceaseless chatter was unnecessary.
SOOYOuNA | 277
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

Shangguan Xiu’s eyes glittered and he lifted up his hands in front of
him, then slapped them together.
Meng Hao suddenly felt a stab of pain in his chest that coincided with
the slapping sound. It felt as if a sharp sword were slicing through into
his heart. His face filled with pain and he coughed up a spray of
blood.
“You finally speak, whelp! You fell for my trick! That was a special
magic from my family that is designed to damage the heart and blood
vessels.” With a sinister smile, he increased his speed. He lifted his
right hand, and a five-colored pearl appeared. He flung it forward, and
it shot toward Meng Hao. Before it reached him, it suddenly exploded,
transforming into several five-colored streams of mist which then
merged into the shape of a hideous evil spirit. It howled as it pounced
toward Meng Hao.
Meng Hao looked back with a grim expression. Having no time even
to spit the blood from his mouth, his hands flickered in incantation
gestures, and his body sped forward with increased speed. As the
five-colored Mist Spirit approached, a head-sized Water Globe
formed in his left hand. From his right had emerged a roaring Flame
Python thirty meters in length. The Water Globe shot forth first,
exploding to form a rain of Water Arrows.
The Flame Python flew forward, then exploded in mid-air, sending
scorching heat roiling out into the night air. This caused the water
droplets to transform into a mist. Guided by the aura from Meng
Hao’s Cultivation base, it surrounded the area, sending the fivecolored Mist Spirit into confusion. It no longer could identify Meng
Hao’s position.
Even Shangguan Xiu’s vision was obscured, leaving him shocked. As
soon as the mist appeared, before he had a chance to recover from
his surprise, two cold, noiseless beams shot toward him.

A booming sound rang out, and Meng Hao let out a light sigh. Without
hesitation, he changed his direction and kept moving forward,
swallowing a Demonic Core to replenish himself.
Behind him, a furious roar could be heard, and the fog was instantly
dispersed by a sweeping whirlwind. Shangguan Xiu moved forward,
an angry look on his face, blood dripping from a wound on his right
hand. The Mist Spirit was nowhere in sight.
As he thought back to what had just happened, his eyes narrowed.
Were it not for his quick reaction in detonating the Mist Spirit to block
the two wooden swords, he would have lost his right hand. Even still,
his hand had been cut open. Even more alarming, he felt the spiritual
energy within his body slowly leaking out through the wound.
Furthermore, the wound was not healing as fast as normal. He could
stop the flow of blood, but not the leakage of spiritual energy.
SOOYOuNA | 278
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“This swine is just too crafty. He has some low-level techniques, but
he uses them in a multitude of tricky ways. It’s really difficult to deal
with!” Shangguan Xiu frowned, but he continued on with his dogged
pursuit.
The two of them moved on, and time passed. Before long, dawn had
arrived. After a night of chasing and fleeing, both of them were
exhausted. As for Meng Hao, he had it a bit better off.
Even though he did not have any chance to rest, he had experienced
this sort of pursuit in the black mountain. The only difference was that
sadly, these wild mountains didn’t seem to contain any Demonic
beasts. If they did, then it would have been a bit easier to deal with
Shangguan Xiu.

As for Shangguan Xiu, this was his first time dealing with a Cultivator
like Meng Hao, who released an endless stream of tricky methods.
The two wooden swords were especially astonishing; he had
originally planned to chase Meng Hao until his spiritual energy ran
out.
Instead, he seemed to be as lively and full of energy as a dragon or
tiger. Did he have an infinite supply of medicinal pills?
“If he’s this difficult to deal with at the seventh level of Qi
Condensation, how terrible would he be at a higher level?”
Shangguan Xiu clenched his jaw, swallowed a medicinal pill, then
continued in his pursuit. He was of the ninth level of the Qi
Condensation stage, the same stage as Meng Hao. Despite his
slightly superior speed, he could still do little more than chase.
Of course, he didn’t know that even though Meng Hao was at the
seventh level, his Cultivation method was not the ordinary method
used in the Reliance Sect, but rather that of the Qi Condensation
Manual of the Sublime Spirit Scripture. Even though Meng Hao had
not studied any special texts related to attack techniques, in matters
related to spiritual energy, he could persist for much longer periods of
time than the average Cultivator.
With the added help of some Demonic Cores, then there was no way
that Shangguan Xiu could catch him in any short period of time.
By the time dawn broke, the two of them had travelled a very long
distance. In front of Meng Hao appeared an incredibly high mountain,
its peak stretching up into the skies, its top half wreathed in snow. At
a single glance, one could tell that this was not an ordinary place.
SOOYOuNA | 279
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 50: IRON SPEAR

As soon as he caught sight of the mountain ahead of him, Meng
Hao’s eyes began to shine. It was clearly beyond the ordinary, and
perhaps even contained some Demonic beasts. In any case, he didn’t
have much time to think about it. His body flashed as he shot directly
toward the mountainous forest which lay at its foot.
Behind him, Shangguan Xiu’s expression changed. His Cultivation
base was higher than Meng Hao’s; he had tread the Cultivation world
for many years, and had seen many things. He could tell that
something was fishy about this mountain. But as he saw Meng Hao
charge forward, he put aside his doubts, gritted his teeth, and
followed.
Meanwhile on the plateau, white-robed Wu Dingqiu and Eccentric
Song sat, seemingly playing Go, but in reality focused on the fighting
going on below them. From their vantage point, it was clear that the
Violet Fate Sect disciples were stuck in the mountain forest, and after
an entire night, could not step foot onto the mountain. One by one,
they were rebuffed by the Demonic beasts.
“The Violet Fate Sect disciples truly are beyond ordinary,” said
Eccentric Song, laughing. “To be able to stay in the Spirit Beast forest
for an entire night is excellent. Wu Dingqiu, you really should be
proud.” He looked extremely complacent, and even happier when he
saw the dark look on Wu Dingqiu’s face.
Wu Dingqiu’s face sank even deeper as he saw the sorry state of his
disciples within the forest.
He let out a cold harrumph.
“Wu Dingqiu, you should really proud. Last time the Golden Frost
Sect came to me to engage in trial by fire, they were all defeated by
my Spirit beasts. Not a single one could make it to my treasure
mountain to see the truly powerful Spirit beasts. I felt really sad about
that. I really hope that your Violet Fate Sect disciples can make a
good showing. This Spirit forest is filled with Spirit beasts that I

meticulously selected. For example, that one.” He proudly pointed a
finger toward a white-colored ape.
Its entire body, even its eyes, were as white as snow, and its
appearance was incredibly fierce.
With a single swipe of its claws, it slashed the arm of one of the Violet
Fate Sect disciples, sending blood spraying everywhere. It moved
with incredible speed, like a white wind. It had already injured about
seven or eight surrounding Violet Fate Sect disciples.
“That is a Snow Peak Mutated beast, rarely seen in the world. I got
my hands on it about ten years ago. It’s extremely rare. Look at its
fur, as pure white as snow and as smooth as silk. I should be able to
sell it for a hefty price one day.” Eccentric Song laughed, pleased with
himself.
SOOYOuNA | 280
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
White-robed Wu Dingqiu looked even more grim. He’d never imaged
that after all these years, Eccentric Song’s treasure mountain would
have so many powerful Demonic beasts.
Even as Eccentric Song spoke, a figure appeared near the edge of
the forest near the white ape.
It was Meng Hao, with Shangguan Xiu hot on his tail. Eccentric Song
laughed.
“So, some outsiders have decided to intrude. Wu Dingqiu, please
observe what it means to keep one’s promise. I will not prevent any
Cultivator of the Qi Condensation stage from entering this area.
Anyone can enter. Although they will surely die, I will not block them.”
Wu Dingqiu let out a cold snort, not paying the least bit of attention to
Meng Hao and Shangguan Xiu. Instead, he stared at the white ape,

which had just encountered another Violet Fate Sect disciple. He
appeared to be about seventeen or eighteen years old. His hands
flickered in incantation patterns, and suddenly the image of an
ancient scroll unfurled behind him. An aura billowed out, pushing
down onto the white ape. It shrieked.
“A fine Mutated ape,” said Wu Dingqiu “Eccentric Song, no matter
how incredible that beast is, it’s going to become my disciple’s pet!
His name is Shi Yan. Upon entering the Sect, he acquired that
ancient scroll, which at the seventh level of Qi Condensation, can
capture Demonic beasts.” Inside, Wu Dingqiu’s heart pounded, but
his expression was cool and indifferent, somewhat proud.
Considering his status and Cultivation base, he shouldn’t allow such
an expression onto his face. But Eccentric Song made it impossible
for him to hold back, especially after the humiliation of the previous
night.
However, as soon as the words were out of his mouth, a piteous wail
could be heard. Blood showered from Shi Yan’s chest, and his
ancient scroll collapsed into pieces. He retreated backwards, fear in
his eyes. The white ape’s body began to expand, until it was nearly
eighteen meters tall. It beat its chest, seeming to brim with power.
Eccentric Song laughed loudly. Wu Dingqiu stared at the white ape,
his face twisted, fighting the impulse to charge forward and crush the
thing to death.
It was at that moment that Meng Hao shot out of the forest. As soon
as he caught sight of the roaring ape, his eyes glittered brightly. He
also saw the frightened young man off in the distance, but didn’t have
time to consider the situation.
With people present, Meng Hao wouldn’t reveal the copper mirror. His
eyes flashed as the white ape took notice of him. The beast charged
him, howling ferociously. Meng Hao lifted his right hand, and
suddenly an iron spear appeared, the one Fatty’s father had created

according to his specifications. The young Cultivator named Shi Yan
watched as the spear appeared.
SOOYOuNA | 281
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Of course, in addition to the long spear, the copper mirror also
emerged, concealed within Meng Hao’s sleeve. The sleeve was so
wide that any observers would not be able to see it, especially
considering how their eyes would be drawn to the long spear.
The spear was made of common iron, but its surface was covered
with various complicated designs, all of which Meng Hao had
designed. At a glance, it appeared to be extraordinary in nature.
Brandishing the spear, he moved forward, pointing it toward the
charging ape.
Suddenly, the white ape’s large mouth exploded violently, blood and
flesh flying around.
Wretched screams immediately sounded out. The ape fell down onto
the ground, looking at Meng Hao in astonishment.
“Perhaps when the mirror shines onto a beast with lots of fur, it
causes some kind of disorder in the Qi within its body, making it swell.
Demonic beasts are even bigger and stronger, so it will attempt to
escape from any weak point in the body, not just the rear end, thus
leading to these explosive injuries.” Of course, all of this was just
speculation, but Meng Hao seemed to understand the mirror a bit
better after seeing what happened to the white ape. After having the
copper mirror for three years, he felt this was pretty close to the truth.
Now was not the time for contemplation, however. Not giving the
miserable white ape another glance, he shot off with the iron spear in
hand. He was gone in an instant. Just then, Shangguan Xiu arrived.
He looked at the white ape in shock.

The white ape was also surprised. And then it noticed that
Shangguan Xiu also happened to be carrying a spear, and its fury
exploded. It pounced toward Shangguan Xiu.
Back on the plateau, Eccentric Song’s laughter had ceased. Next to
him, Wu Dingqiu also watched on in surprise. They stared at Meng
Hao and his iron spear, their eyes filled with amazement.
Meng Hao sped through the Demonic Beast forest, listening to the
howls of the white ape and the roars of Shangguan Xiu. His eyes
flickered, and he harrumphed coldly. Not too much time passed
before he heard another commotion coming from up ahead. Soon, he
saw four or five Cultivators wearing white robes, engaged in vicious
combat with three Demonic beasts, each of them six meters tall.
One was a large black tiger, the other was a peacock whose body
emanated a glowing, violet light. The last was an enormous giant rat,
fierce and cruel in appearance, seemingly unable to be killed.
As soon as Meng Hao appeared in the midst of the fight, a vicious
light appeared in the peacock’s eyes, and it charged like an insane
gale, straight toward Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 282
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Looking as calm as ever, Meng Hao kept moving forward, pointing
the iron spear forward.
Suddenly, the giant peacock’s body trembled, and it shrieked
miserably. Then, its head exploded, and it fell to the ground, dead,
surrounded by blood and gore. The black tiger and the giant rat were
shocked. As they stared dumbly, Meng Hao’s body turned into a
streak of light, and he shot off into the distance.

As for the Violet Fate Sect disciples, they watched, dumbfounded, as
Meng Hao disappeared.
His iron spear had left them awestruck.
Not pausing for even a moment, Meng Hao continued on. At this
moment, Shangguan Xiu had resumed his furious pursuit.
A grim smile appeared on Meng Hao’s face. He increased his speed,
charging forward. Every time he encountered a Demonic beast, he
would wave his spear at it, and it would retreat, crying out miserably.
Not a single beast could block his path. In contrast, Shangguan Xiu
was blocked at every turn. His enraged roars sounded further and
further away from Meng Hao.
Meng Hao also encountered more and more young, white-robed
Cultivators along his way, all of them locked in deadly battles with
Demonic beasts. As he passed, he would cause these seemingly
unmatchable, fierce creatures to flinch back with blood-curdling
screams. The Cultivators would look at Meng Hao’s retreating figure
with awe.
“Who was that?”
“That long spear is some kind of magical item! It’s so powerful!”
“How vicious! Dammit, if I had a spear like that, I could run amok
through this Demonic Beast Forest.”
Conversation buzzed among the Violet Fate Sect disciples, caused
by Meng Hao’s shocking passage. On top of the plateau, Wu
Dingqiu’s eyes glittered, and a smile tugged at the corners of his
mouth. His laughter rang out, filled with joy as well as a pleased
anger.
“So these are Mutated beasts,” he said. “Excellent, excellent. They
are all amazing beasts. Let me have a look. Hmm, some are missing

eyes, others have had their heads ripped off. There are some whose
entire bodies are covered with blood. One even had its butt exploded.
Eccentric Song, didn’t you say that this Demonic Beast Forest was
fertilized with soil from the East Sea? And didn’t you say that these
Mutated beasts were all amazing? It seems they are having a bit of a
rough time today.”
An unsightly expression filled Eccentric Song’s face as he watched
Meng Hao make his way through the Demonic Creature Forest. He
watched all his precious Demonic beasts retreating SOOYOuNA |
283
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
with blood-curdling cries, covered with blood. When he saw the death
of the peacock, his heart felt as if it had been stabbed with a knife.
This type of peacock was called a Snow Phoenix and was extremely
rare. He had paid quite an exorbitant price for it several years ago,
and had cared for it like a treasured jewel. And yet the iron spear had
exploded its head in an instant.
Even though it was dead, its powerful life force caused the corpse to
twitch and writhe.
Eccentric Song felt extreme regret, but his eyes shone forth with an
air of indifference.
“Who cares?” he said. “There are a multitude of Spirit beasts in my
Spirit Beast Forest. There’s no harm in it. In any case, this kid isn’t
one of your Violet Fate Sect disciples, so what are you looking so
happy for?!” He spoke in a light tone, but inside, his heart was
beginning to pound.
SOOYOuNA | 284
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

CHAPTER 51: MY TREASURE MOUNTAIN...
“Even though this kid isn’t a disciple of my Violet Fate Sect, you said
anyone could enter this area. Seeing him run wild in your crappy
mountain forest makes me feel good. I’m happy, so what?” Wu
Dingqiu laughed, obviously feeling quite pleased. He had been
reigning himself in all night, and now he knew that even though
Eccentric Song spoke casually, he was hiding his discomfiture.
Feeling quite pleasant, Wu Dingqiu looked down below at Meng Hao.
“That magic item of his can really dominate the Spirit Beasts,” said
Eccentric Song. “His Cultivation base is low, though. He won’t be able
to make it out of the Spirit Beast Forest. This forest is planted with
trees I harvested from all the lands of South Heaven. It is watered
with Spirit Water from the Milky Way Sea. Not only do the trees grow
tall and strong, but they emit spiritual energy which the Spirit beasts
can assimilate through breathing exercises. In my Spirit Beast Forest,
there is also...” His voice came to a sudden, screeching stop.
Meng Hao shot forward, attracting the attention of the surrounding
Demonic beasts. He was nearing the foot of the Spirit mountain; it
was several hundred meters away. He was about to enter the region
that none of the Violet Fate disciples had made it to.
Even though Meng Hao didn’t know why this area had so many
white-robed disciples, he could sense that there was something odd
going on. But with Shangguan Xiu on his tail, there wasn’t much time
to think about it. He continued to move forward through the forest.
Suddenly, an enormous Demonic beast, nearly twelve meters tall,
burst out in front of him.
It was a gigantic woolly mammoth, with red eyes and sharp, gleaming
tusks. Its body was like a small mountain, and the earth shook as it
charged with shocking power.
“The kid is dead this time,” Eccentric Song said casually. “This is my
Mutated mammoth, which I captured in the Life-wasting Cave, one of

the most dangerous places in the Southern Domain.
I raised it with medicinal pills, and it is one of the three most powerful
Spirit beasts protecting this area. It has limitless power and incredibly
thick skin. Ordinary flying swords can’t even scratch it. It is also
proficient in a variety of magic techniques. Even someone of the ninth
level of Qi Condensation would have trouble dealing with it. It can
stop anyone under the Foundation Establishment stage.” Eccentric
Song’s eyes had almost popped out of his head when he saw Meng
Hao about to make it out of the Beast Forest. But now, he let out a
sigh of relief.
Wu Dingqiu stopped smiling for the moment. He could see that this
mammoth was no ordinary creature. The Violet Fate Sect didn’t
possess many Mutated beasts, but after hearing Eccentric Song
blather on about it, he couldn’t help but frown and mutter to himself
that the man really was strange. He didn’t care much at all for
Cultivation, but loved seeking out Demonic beasts to raise, especially
ones as strange as this.
SOOYOuNA | 285
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Then, Wu Dingqiu’s eyes began to shine. Eccentric Song’s
expression suddenly changed, and he shot to his feet, a horrified
expression on his face.
Within the Demonic Forest, the Demonic mammoth charged at Meng
Hao. Meng Hao took in a deep breath and retreated a bit, groaning
inwardly about how many Demonic beasts were in this place. He
raised the iron spear and pointed it. The charging Demonic mammoth
stopped and began to quiver, then suddenly, its trunk exploded with a
bang. Half of it flew through the air to land onto a nearby tree, which
collapsed under its weight.

Enraged with pain, the mammoth continued to charge. Meng Hao
waved his spear, and a boom sounded out. The mammoth’s back
exploded, then its mouth. Finally, its right front leg completely
shattered, and it fell to the ground, skidding to a halt some distance
away.
Horrific shrieks filled the Beast Forest. Meng Hao looked a bit palefaced. He glanced around, then charged forward, leaving the
Demonic Forest behind and entering the treasure mountain.
Some distance behind, Shangguan Xiu was in a tight spot, unable to
free himself from the surrounding, red-eyed Demonic beasts. He
could only watch as Meng Hao disappeared, his fury billowing up to
the heavens.
Meng Hao left the forest, leaving behind a long trail of blood, as well
as the miserable cries of the various Demonic beasts. It looked like
some kind of Judgement day had just passed. The white-robed
disciples stared in shock, panting and murmuring about the
viciousness.
Meng Hao continued on up the treasure mountain, hoping that if he
could pass over it, maybe he could finally shake off Shangguan Xiu.
He moved forward at rapid speed, and soon reached the foot of the
mountain. As soon as he stepped foot onto it, he suddenly stopped
and stared in astonishment. Up ahead, lying beneath a boulder, was
a pill bottle.
Multicolored strands of light wafted about it; it was clearly not an
ordinary item. Meng Hao picked it up and opened it. Immediately, a
fragrant medicinal smell wafted out. Inside was a medicinal pill the
size of a thumb!
Looking shaken, Meng Hao placed the bottle into his bag of holding.
Now he knew what all the white-robed disciples were doing in the
area; they were trying to reach this mountain.

“That’s a Universe Spirit Pill, extremely useful to anyone in the Qi
Condensation stage.” Wu Dingqiu laughed as he looked at the trail
Meng Hao had left through the Demonic Forest.
Next to him, Eccentric Song had an extremely unsightly expression
on his face. And yet, he let out a cold laugh. “My treasure mountain
has many medicinal pills and Spirit Stones in it. This kid can grab a
medicinal pill, but if he thinks he can reach the top, he’s dreaming.
The Spirit SOOYOuNA | 286
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Beasts on my treasure mountain are one in a million. Only the best of
the best have the requisite latent talent to be placed on the mountain
itself.” He spoke as lightly as ever, and yet the pain in his heart grew
more and more intense.
“Look there,” said Eccentric Song, pointing at a Demonic beast that
rose up ahead of Meng Hao. “That is a fierce beast which I raised
myself. It has the body of a deer and the head of a python. It is
extremely fast, and if it’s injured, becomes even fiercer. It will never
stop fighting until it dies, and once it catches the scent of blood, it
goes crazy. A Qi Condensation Cultivator who faces it will surely
perish.”
After enough time passed for half an incense stick to burn, miserable
shrieks drifted down the side of the mountain. Upon seeing all the
blood, Eccentric Song appeared as if he might begin to go crazy. The
Demonic beast which would never give up until dying gaped in
astonishment, then fled at top speed. Its tail was destroyed and an
eye was badly mangled. Worst of all, it only had two legs left. And
yet, it still moved quickly, just as Eccentric Song had said. It fled at
top speed.
Meng Hao continued forward. Having passed through another
Demonic beast’s territory, he now encountered a pile of several

hundred Spirit Stones. Looking excited, he continued on up the
mountain.
Contented laughter rang out from Wu Dingqiu’s mouth. In fact, you
could say that from Meng Hao’s appearance until now, he hadn’t
stopped laughing.
“Wow, it really could move fast. Wouldn’t give up until it died!”
“No matter, no matter. There are many treasures on the mountain,
this kid can grab some, but he won’t be able to leave with them. After
all, he has to come back down the mountain to do that.” The words
‘no matter’ left his lips, and he looked calm, but he pulled out a
Concentration Pill from his bag and put it into his mouth. A crazed
look had appeared in his eyes, and he felt a dark premonition in his
heart.
An hour later...
Meng Hao had already reached the half-way point up the mountain.
The entire time, no matter what Demonic beast came his way, he
would send it away screaming. There were a few dangerous
situations, but with a wave and point of his iron spear, the danger
would melt away.
Then, heart beating, he would collect up Spirit Stones, medicinal pills,
and magical items.
To Meng Hao, this entire mountain was a treasure trove. Right now,
he was retrieving a scroll painting from behind a big boulder. It
emanated a gentle glow along with abundant spiritual energy. It was
clearly extraordinary.
SOOYOuNA | 287
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Excited, he put it into his bag of holding.

Below him in the Demonic forest, more than a few Violet Fate Sect
disciples lifted their heads up and caught sight of him, leaving them
shocked.
As Eccentric Song watched all of this happening, his face grew
darker and darker, and his body began to tremble. He stared at Meng
Hao’s bag of holding, inside of which were his Spirit Stones,
medicinal pills, and magical treasures; especially the scroll painting.
His heart hurt.
The scroll painting was a treasure he had acquired many years ago.
Sealed within were the spirits of quite a few beasts. When his most
beloved Demonic beast of all had died some years ago, he had
sealed it within. And now, Meng Hao had taken it. Eccentric Song’s
body shook even more violently, so he produced two more
Concentration Pills and swallowed them down.
He still struggled to maintain an unconcerned expression, but the
ringing sound of Wu Dingqiu’s laughter continued to pierce his
eardrums.
“My treasure mountain has many treasures,” he forced himself to say.
“So what if a few of them get taken? He will not be able to escape the
mountain. I’ve carefully collected these Spirit beasts from everywhere
in the world. There are too many, he won’t be able to escape them
easily.”
Two hours later...
Meng Hao had almost reached the snowy area past the mountain’s
halfway point. He wore an excited expression as he sped forward
with even greater speed. Down in the Demonic forest, more than half
of the Violet Fate Sect disciples engaged in this trial of fire could see
him up there on the mountain. Expressions of surprise and envy
covered their faces, especially when he stooped over to pick up
things from the ground. Each and every one of them wished they
could be in his place.

Shangguan Xiu stood, fists clenched, jaw clenched, completely
helpless. He did not dare to go up the mountain. He was already in
enough danger in the Demonic forest. Furthermore, he had
overheard some of the white-robed disciples’ conversations, and
knew that this was a trial by fire for the disciples of the Violet Fate
Sect from the Southern Domain. He felt conflict at heart, and seemed
to have no other option than to give up. Only his intense hatred of
Meng Hao caused him to reconsider.
As Eccentric Song watched Meng Hao injure the head of yet another
of his precious Demonic beasts, he took out three Concentration Pills
and swallowed them, continuing to pretend that he didn’t care.
SOOYOuNA | 288
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I carefully collected that snow from the tops of auspicious clouds,” he
said slowly through his teeth. “It is the most suitable environment for
my most treasured Spirit beasts. One of them, the Sky Rending
Condor, is well known. Its talons can shatter metal and stone, its
wings can kick up a violent wind. It is incredibly fierce, perhaps the
most dangerous Spirit beast on the mountain. Even with that crappy
spear, this kid is dead for sure when he enters its territory.”
Three hours later...
One talon was shattered, half a wing was gone, and the giant condor
coughed up blood. Wailing mournfully, it hid itself in the snow, crying
out endlessly.
Meng Hao was almost at the peak of the mountain. All of the Violet
Fate Set disciples were staring at him. They didn’t care any more
about fighting with the Demonic beasts. They stared in awe at his
glittering, shining iron spear, and their eyes burned.
“Who is this person...”

“He intruded into our trial by fire and took away our rewards... it’s too
cruel.”
“That iron spear is definitely a treasure from the Heavens! It’s so
ferocious!”
Eccentric Song trembled in distress. He watched as Meng Hao,
approaching the mountain’s peak, snatched up a black net. He could
no longer feign calm. His stood up and took a step forward, ready to
go teach Meng Hao a lesson.
SOOYOuNA | 289
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 52: BUMPER CROP
Once, he could endure. Twice, three times, four times, even five
times he could continue to endure. By the sixth time, however, he
was shamed into a rage and could endure no longer.
The Heaven Entangling Net was even more precious to him than the
scroll painting. It could instantly entangle an opponent, and had been
among his treasured items for years. The higher your Cultivation
base, the more effective it became. He had placed it on the treasure
mountain to show off its splendor, so that people would see it and
covet it. He had assumed it would be safe, and had never imagined
that anyone would actually be able to take it. As of now, he had
already begun to go crazy, and wished nothing more than to beat
Meng Hao to death and take back the oil painting and Heaven
Entangling Net.
But then, Wu Dingqiu, laughing smugly, flicked his wide sleeve and
stood in front of Eccentric Song, blocking his way.
“Fellow Daoist Song is an illustrious Cultivator from the Southern
Domain. What are you doing, exactly? Earlier, you said that for seven

days, anyone could come here, and that all of the treasures of the
treasure mountain were available for the taking. Don’t tell me you’re
going to go back on your word?
“You carried the peak over here yourself from Mount Tian Shan. The
land was fertilized with soil from the bottom of the East Sea which
hadn’t seen the light of day for ten thousand years.
I remember someone saying that any Cultivator of the Qi
Condensation stage could prevail, as long as they were skilled
enough. Eccentric Song, acting like this really shows a lack of
demeanor. If word gets out, you’ll definitely lose face.” Wu Dingqiu
continued to laugh, clearly having no intention of allowing Eccentric
Song to go anywhere.
Eccentric Song’s expression looked worse than ever, filled with bitter
suffering. Before, he had spoken with utmost complacency, but now,
everything he had said was being thrown back in his face. After a
long moment, he slapped his bag of holding, pulled out two large
Concentration Pills and swallowed them. Then he let out a long
breath.
Suddenly, his eyes flashed, and he cast his consciousness out
toward Meng Hao, intending to get some information about his iron
spear. At first, he hadn’t paid the slightest attention to Meng Hao,
focused as he was on what the iron spear was doing. As soon as his
consciousness emerged, Wu Dingqiu laughed and flicked his sleeve.
A glowing shield immediately covered the entire plateau, blocking
Eccentric Song’s consciousness.
“Using your consciousness to inspect a lower generation Qi
Condensation Cultivator?
Eccentric Song, are you purposely trying to lose face?” Wu Dingqiu
obviously was not willing to let Eccentric Song have his way in
anything. He laughed. Eccentric Song, looking more put off than ever,

could do nothing except flick his own sleeve. Another shield appeared
just beyond the first shield.
SOOYOuNA | 290
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“That kid’s iron spear is extraordinary,” he said. “If you won’t allow me
to inspect it with my consciousness, then I won’t let you do so either.”
Four hours later, Meng Hao had reached the mountain’s peak, iron
spear in hand. He walked up, look around, finally noticing the large
flag stuck into the ground. Underneath the flag was a bag. Its surface
was a mass of rioting colors; looking at it made you feel as if it could
suck your mind out. Everything around it seemed to ripple and grow
blurry. When Meng Hao laid eyes on it, he palpitated with eagerness
and started panting. He grabbed the multicolored bag, and when he
did, the flag fell to the ground.
Conversations had buzzed among the onlookers in the Demonic
Forest as they watched Meng Hao calmly walked up the mountain,
collecting huge amounts of Spirit Stones and medicinal pills. When
the flag toppled more conversations broke out.
They gazed at Meng Hao with shock and envy, and then watched as
he disappeared over the other side of the mountain.
Shangguan Xiu glared at Meng Hao murderously as he vanished. He
didn’t dare to pursue him; there were too many things about him he
didn’t know. Even though Shangguan Xiu’s desire to kill him was
stronger than ever, he also knew that it was almost too late to reach
his medicinal plant. Gnashing his teeth, he stamped his foot onto the
ground, looking very pitiful indeed. But anger pushed away his
depression. He would have killed Meng Hao already, if he could only
have thought of a way.

As he watched Meng Hao disappear onto the other side of the
mountain, Wu Dingqiu’s laughter rang out over the plateau. Eccentric
Song stared with wide eyes as Meng Hao took his bag of the
Cosmos. The blood drained from his face, and he seemed
heartbroken. Now more than ever he regretted putting his bag of the
Cosmos onto the mountain. He just couldn’t believe what had
happened. This time, he really couldn’t endure any longer. He flicked
his sleeve, and prepared to pursue the damnable Meng Hao. But,
before he could leave, Wu Dingqiu once again blocked his way.
“Wu Dingqiu, you still dare to block me!” shouted heartbroken
Eccentric Song. “The flag is fallen. You didn’t win our bet, and I didn’t
lose. The trial by fire is over. If you continue to obstruct my way, you
can’t blame me for attacking you!”
“Fellow Daoist Song, we agreed ahead of time that neither of us
would leave before we finished this game of Go. You are a grand,
illustrious Cultivator of the Southern Domain. Don’t tell me you’re
going to go back on your word? When I made to leave earlier, you
wouldn’t let me. Yet you wish to leave before finishing our game?” Wu
Dingqiu laughed as he used Eccentric Song’s own words against him.
Not a trace of a frown remained on his face, which was now filled with
a wide smile. He clearly would not allow the other man to leave.
Seeing the bag of the Cosmos taken away had filled his heart with
joy. Eccentric Song had waved that bag in front of him mockingly for
hundreds of years; to see him hoisted on his own petard was
wondrous to the extreme.
SOOYOuNA | 291
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“You...” Eccentric Song glared murderously at Wu Dingqiu, and didn’t
say anything for a long moment. Then, he gritted his teeth and
stamped his foot down, shaking the mountain so hard it seemed it
would collapse. But considering his status and prestige, he could do
nothing more than sit back down and begin playing Go again.

Of course, Wu Dingqiu wouldn’t let him have his way so simply. He
stroked his beard as he looked at Eccentric Song’s unsightly
expression. Laughing, he very slowly picked up a Go piece and then
purposefully put a very thoughtful expression onto his face. After a
very, very long time, he slowly put the piece onto the board, his face
solemn, as if he intended to make this game last for months.
“Leave the mountain,” said Wu Dingqiu, transmitting his voice to all of
his white-robed disciples. “After I finish this game of Go, I will
accompany you back to the Sect. In the meantime, the next stage of
your trial by fire is to find the man you just saw on the mountain peak.
I’ve taken a fancy to that treasured spear he has. Bring that spear
back to me, and you will be promoted to the Inner Sect!” Each and
every one of the disciples perked up at hearing this.
“Is the dignified Violet Fate Sect of the Southern Domain really going
to kill people to take treasures?” said Eccentric Song. He was
incredibly depressed, stuck in place because of his own words. But
even though he hated Meng Hao, he couldn’t pass up an opportunity
to cause trouble for Wu Dingqiu.
Glaring at Eccentric Song, Wu Dingqiu said, “Listen well. You must
not cause problems for that person. You must trade with him, not rob
him. Anyone who violates this command will be expelled from the
Sect!” His next move in the Go game was even slower than the
previous.
The Violet Fate Sect disciples scattered in all directions. Some of
them circled around the treasure mountain in pursuit of Meng Hao;
others went as fast as possible in different directions, hoping to
intercept him.
Their trial by fire had been an utter defeat, something they were not
reconciled to. However, they didn’t hold any ill will against Meng Hao,
but rather admired him. After all, they had all witnessed the bloodsoaked events of moments ago.

All of them were determined to get the iron spear from Meng Hao.
They would trade anything to get it, and if he was unwilling to trade,
would have to think of some tricks to get it.
In any case, they all had clearly heard Elder Wu’s words; they were to
trade for the item, not rob it. Although... he had never said they
couldn’t use force.
As the white-robed disciples scattered, Meng Hao raced down the
treasure mountain, collecting more Spirit Stones and medicinal pills
as he went. Even though he never saw SOOYOuNA | 292
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Eccentric Song and Wu Dingqiu, he had guessed that this place was
most likely a trial by fire region set up by some Sect.
Even though Shangguan Xiu was no longer chasing him, he knew
that whosever’s trial by fire he had charged into might not be too
happy about his interference. So, he maintained top speed, his heart
pounding and his face filled with eagerness.
His bags of holding were all full; he had acquired more this time than
on any other occasion since entering the Cultivation world, with the
exception of the cave of the Flying Rain-Dragon.
He casually packed away the Spirit Stones and medicinal pills.
Of course, the more things he picked up, the faster he tried to move.
Gritting his teeth and continuously consuming Demonic Cores, he
moved as fast as possible for three days, until he finally emerged
from the mountain range. He looked both exhausted and energetic; in
the past several days, he hadn’t had a chance to organize his
treasures, and now all he wanted to do was find a place where he
could safely examine everything. As he moved forward, he noticed
that far in the distance was what appeared to be a walled city.

He was in the east of the State of Zhao, and this city appeared to be
magnificent and beyond ordinary. It was surrounded by a gentle
glowing light, a shield which mortals wouldn’t be able to see, and only
Cultivators could sense.
“This place... it doesn’t seem like a city of mortals. Could it be a city of
Cultivators?” He stared in surprise, recalling a map of the State of
Zhao he had seen. The map had not shown any city in this place. At
yet there at the gate of the city, people were coming in and out,
almost all of them Cultivators of the Qi Condensation stage. His
assumption had been correct.
He decided not to enter the city. Instead, he found a cave in the
nearby mountains. Concealing himself inside, he took a deep breath
and then began to take everything out of his bags of holding and sort
them.
“What medicinal pill is this? It’s incredibly fragrant, even stronger than
a Dry Spirit Pill... And this bottle, it has three pills inside, each one as
transparent as crystal. They are definitely treasured pills.” Licking his
lips, he emptied the contents of two bags of holding, and after
counting everything, he found that he had seventy-eight pills. There
were many different types, each one seemingly stronger than a Dry
Spirit Pill. Meng Hao’s hands shook.
It took a long time for him to collect himself. Stifling his excitement, he
pulled out ten more bags of holding.
“There were so many Spirit Stones on that treasure mountain. I just
picked up the ones I noticed, and I wasn’t really even paying
attention. Yet I acquired so many...” He began SOOYOuNA | 293
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
breathing hard again as he looked at all the Spirit Stones. When he
put them together and counted, he found that he had eight thousand,
seven hundred and sixty four!

“I’m rich! Rich!” he murmured. He pulled out another bag of holding,
inside of which were flying swords, pearls, two flags, a scroll painting,
a black net. All of them were magical items.
His smile nearly split his face as he took the items out. This was
especially true when he took out the scroll painting and the black net.
They emitted powerful spiritual power, causing his heart to beat
rapidly. He slowly unrolled the scroll painting, and a bright light shined
out, filling the cave with its brightness and illuminating Meng Hao’s
face.
Inside, he could see a depiction of mountains and waters, within
which existed a multitude of fantastic creatures. They had been
painted, and yet somehow also seemed alive. When he opened the
scroll he seemed to hear the roars of tens of thousands of beasts
echoing faintly in his ears. His heart shook, and he dropped the
painting to the ground.
After some time passed, he recovered from his shock. His eyes
shining, he calmed his aura and picked up the painting again to
examine it. It was clearly an incredibly valuable treasure. Meng Hao’s
heart beat even faster.
“A treasure! What a true treasure!” he said, breathing deeply. Then he
pulled out the black net.
Walking out of the cave, he poured some spiritual energy into it, then
tossed it into the air.
The black net instantly expanded, growing larger and larger, and
flying up higher into the sky.
It seemed big enough to be able to envelop the whole mountain, like
some powerful black cloud. The mountain began to shake, and
cracks appeared on its surface as if it were about to collapse. The
suppressive power increased, causing Meng Hao’s heart to tremble.
Astonished, he lifted his hand, sending out his spiritual energy,

causing the black cloud to slowly shrink. It transformed into a black
beam which shot back toward him and then became a small, black
net.
He grabbed the net, his mouth dry. He breathed for a while,
composing himself. His eyes glowed.
“This is better than even the best treasures from the Reliance Sect,”
he thought, his heart pounding. Then, he pulled out the last item, the
multicolored bag.
SOOYOuNA | 294
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 53: HOW WILL YOU REPAY ME?
“This... looks kind of like a bag of holding, but a bit better.” Meng Hao
moved it back and forth in his hands, then used his spiritual power to
feel it out a bit. Suddenly, his body began to tremble, as if it had been
struck by invisible lightning. His eyes widened, revealing complete
astonishment. After a long time passed, he lowered his head and
looked into the bag.
“It’s so big...” he murmured. It was a bag of holding, but was so large
inside that it seemed as if it could contain heaven and earth. The
insides were misty, and so boundless that Meng Hao’s heart
immediately shook.
It appeared as if entire mountains and rivers could be stored inside.
Even though it was empty, its massive capacity was enough to call
the bag itself a precious treasure.
Meng Hao’s mouth and tongue were dry. The Spirit Stones had made
him happy. The medicinal pills had made him quiver with eagerness.
And then there were the magical items. The scroll painting had

shocked him and the spiritual might of the black colored net had left
him shaken.
But this bag left his head buzzing. It took a long time to pull himself
together.
“I’m rich. This is true wealth...” Meng Hao muttered to himself,
gripping the multicolored bag tightly. But then the expression on his
face suddenly changed.
“If that was truly some great Sect’s trial by fire, it wouldn’t be a big
deal if I interfered, but they surely won’t let me get away with so many
treasures, medicinal pills and Spirit Stones.” His heart began to
thump, and a conflicted look appeared on his head. However, he was
determined not to give up the treasures he had acquired.
He organized everything carefully, then breathed in deeply and
looked out at the evening. He emerged from the cave and left the
mountains, looking thoughtfully at the walled city off in the distance.
“I have a lot of medicinal pills,” he muttered to himself as he gazed at
the city with glittering eyes, “but I don’t recognize any of them.
Therefore, I can’t safely consume any of them.” He began to walk
toward the city.
He moved quickly, and soon approached the city gate, above which
were written three characters.
Eastern Refinement City.
SOOYOuNA | 295
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The characters had an ancient feel to them, and had clearly been
there for more than just a few years. Their faded surfaces made one
feel as if they had seen ages come and go.

“Refinement is similar to Cultivation. And this is the East. The
meaning of this city’s name is relatively straight-forward.” [1]
As soon as Meng Hao stepped foot into the city gate, he saw two
disciples standing there chatting. Their gaze settled onto Meng Hao.
They wore light blue robes and were both at the third level of Qi
Condensation.
“Fellow Daoist, please pay your tax before entering the city.” His smile
disappeared as he felt the pressure of Meng Hao’s Cultivation base.
“Fellow Daoists, I can tell from a glance that you are from a great
Sect. I myself am from a small Sect, and I just came off the mountain.
This being my first time here, could I trouble you two Fellow Daoists
to give me some information about this place?” Meng Hao was
innately scholarly, and spoke in a very polite manner. The two lowlevel Cultivators were instantly impressed, and the young man who
had just spoken laughed.
“Well spoken, well spoken! Fellow Daoist, your Cultivation base is
quite refined. If this is your first time out of the Sect, then I suspect
your name will become quite well-known in the future.” The young
man smiled as he spoke. For someone with such a profound
Cultivation base to treat him so politely left him feeling quite pleased.
“This is Eastern Refinement City, founded by the Three Great Sect
Alliance of the State of Zhao, and one of the great Cultivation Cities in
the State of Zhao. In order to enter, you have to pay a tax of one
Spirit Stone.
“The cost is actually three Spirit Stones, but for you, just one will do.
Please note, fighting is forbidden within the city limits. Violators will be
punished severely by the three Sects. You must not forget this point.”
He held out a wooden tablet to Meng Hao.
Meng Hao thanked him hurriedly and paid his one Spirit Stone. Then,
he saluted with clasped hands and passed through the city gate.

He felt a bit of regret about the Spirit Stone. It was only one, but it
was still money as far as Meng Hao was concerned. He might have
over eight-thousand more in his bag, but he was very familiar with the
copper mirror’s appetite for Spirit Stones, and knew that it wasn’t
actually very much at all.
“What an expensive tax. If I didn’t absolutely have to come here, I
wouldn’t pay it.” He walked quickly through the city, looking around.
Dusk was falling, but the city still bustled, with people SOOYOuNA |
296
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
walking to and fro everywhere. The streets were filled with shops,
most of which emitted brightly glowing lights. A single look confirmed
that this was no ordinary place.
Everyone was a Cultivator. As he walked through the city, he didn’t
see a single mortal.
However, all of these Cultivators were of the Qi Condensation stage.
Scanning the crowds, Meng Hao only saw about three people who,
like him, were at the seventh level. Most were at the sixth, or lower.
Meng Hao walked down the broad streets, looking for shops that sold
medicinal pills. He didn’t buy any, but rather asked questions. Three
days passed, during which time Meng Hao traversed the entire city,
visiting over thirty medicinal pill shops.
Even still, he only could find out information about seven or eight of
the dozens of types of medicinal pills in his bag of holding. And yet,
Meng Hao was excited. Of the pills he had learned about, each and
every one was considerably expensive. One of them was a Spirit
Establishment Pill, worth fifty Spirit Stones, only useful at the seventh
level of Qi Condensation.
In his bag of holding, he had eight of them altogether.

“Too bad there are so many pills that I still don’t know anything
about.” On the third day, Meng Hao hesitated, then finally walked into
an extremely luxurious building in the western district of the city.
It was three stories tall and emitted a glowing light. Even from a long
distance, one could see its shine. Before, Meng Hao noticed that
almost everyone who entered was of the sixth level of Qi
condensation. There were even some of the eighth or ninth levels,
and it seemed this was the only building they were willing to enter.
When he saw the name on the building, he was even more resolved
to enter.
Hundred Treasures Pavilion.
The inside was filled with carved balustrades and marble steps.
Everything seemed to be made of jade, and as soon as he stepped
inside, Meng Hao instantly felt a dense spiritual force brush against
his face. A dazzling assortment of displayed items met his eyes;
medicinal pill bottles, flying swords, pearls, banners and other items
could be seen everywhere.
There weren’t a lot of Cultivators present, so it was relatively quiet.
They walked around separately in groups of four or five, each one
accompanied by a young woman wearing a long, pink dress. The
girls’ voices were light and airy, and they humbly answered all queries
about the various items.
SOOYOuNA | 297
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
None of that was of very much interest to Meng Hao, though. What
really captured his attention was some distance away on the second
floor. Next to the stair case was an enormous Pill furnace. Wisps of
smoke curled around it, and sitting next to it was a middle-aged man

in a long black robe. He sat there cross-legged, back straight,
expressionless, doing breathing exercises with his eyes closed.
He emanated a trace amount of power, but it was difficult to sense, as
if he were keeping most of it hidden. If he didn’t, the entire pavilion
would probably begin to collapse.
“A Foundation Establishment Cultivator...” Meng Hao’s pupils
constricted. This middle-aged man emitted the same type of aura as
Grand Elder Ouyang, making it immediately obvious to Meng Hao
that his Cultivation base was at the Foundation Establishment stage,
far above everyone else’s.
“I wonder if the day will ever come in which I have a chance to be a
Foundation Establishment Cultivator.” After all the things he had
experienced in the Reliance Sect, his heart was filled with the desire
to become powerful. Right now, his head was lowered, but his eyes
were filled with determination and stubbornness. His resolve was
even stronger than ever.
“By using the Cultivation method of the Sublime Spirit Scripture, when
reach Foundation Establishment, it will be a Flawless Foundation,
much more powerful than Cracked or Fragmented. I will be strong
even among Foundation Establishment stage Cultivators.” He took in
a deep breath and raised his head. A young woman in a pink dress
approached him. She was beautiful, and wore a relaxed smiled on
her face. She greeted Meng Hao with a slight bow.
As she did, the front of her dress dropped, revealing an abundance of
milky tenderness.
“Daoist Brother, do you need any assistance?” she asked.
Meng Hao’s face immediately turned scarlet, and he murmured to
himself that he shouldn’t look at inappropriate things. Despite his
determination, he couldn’t help but glance down, and his heart began
to race. Even though he had been in the Reliance Sect for three

years, he hadn’t spent time with any female disciples other than Elder
Sister Xu. As for what he was looking at now he hadn’t seen anything
like it in his entire life. His face was a bit dark, but at the moment you
couldn’t tell at all.
“Do you have any jade slips which describe medicinal pills?” he
asked with a dry cough, trying to cover up his embarrassment.
The girl was young, but her demeanor suggested she was quite
experienced. She could instantly sense Meng Hao’s awkwardness,
and was quite amused. Throughout her years, she had seen many
customers, but few like Meng Hao. Holding back a laugh, she smiled
and leaned closer toward him so that he would catch a scent of her
perfume.
SOOYOuNA | 298
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
When the fragrant scent reached his face, Meng Hao’s face grew
even redder. His eyes, however, contained no lasciviousness. Instead
they were wide and clear; he was fundamentally not given to lust. He
was just inexperienced with women, thus his flushed face.
“Of course we have jade slips regarding medicinal pills,” she said with
a wink. “Please follow me, Daoist Brother.” She found his increasing
awkwardness to be very cute. She turned, her waist swaying, her
curves entrancing. Meng Hao couldn’t help but look, and again his
heart began to race. With a bitter smile, he gave a light cough and
hurried to follow her.
She led him to a lattice shelf off to the side which was filled with
various pieces of jade.
Amongst them, on a white tray, were three slips of jade, inscribed with
the characters Three Jade Slip. “These jade slips introduce most of

the medicinal pills that can be found in the State of Zhao. However,
this is a copy, so the contents are somewhat unclear.”
When she saw Meng Hao raising his hand to take them, she smiled.
“You can’t look unless you buy. The Three Jade Slip costs one
hundred spirit stones.” When she smiled, two beautiful dimples
appeared. As she looked at Meng Hao, she thought that even though
his face was a bit dark, it contained a scholarly and youthful charm.
As her perfume wafted around Meng Hao, he pulled his hand back
and focused himself. He looked thoughtfully at the Three Jade Piece.
It seemed just a bit too expensive, and he was hesitant to part with
that many Spirit Stones.
“Is there anything that provides even more information than this?” he
asked after a while, clenching his jaw. His whole purpose in coming
here had been to buy a jade slip such as this.
“Of course!” replied the girl with another wink. “Follow me.” She led
Meng Hao to another corner, then pointed to a jade slip on a shelf. It
was covered with small cracks.
“This is not a copy. It’s an ancient jade slip which contains records of
the various medicinal pills of the Southern Domain. It even details
information about poison pills and their antidotes.
Furthermore, it contains very realistic artistic depictions of the pills.
Unfortunately, it is cracked, and will eventually shatter. You will only
be able to read it four or five times.”
Upon hearing her words, Meng Hao’s heart quivered. He needed it,
not for long-term use, but to solve the problem of his current situation.
“Daoist Brother, I hope you don’t mind,” she said with a smile, leaning
close and lowering her voice. “The cost of this item is two hundred
Spirit Stones. You should understand that if it wasn’t cracked, it would

be worth over one thousand. If you really want it, I can help you apply
for a cost reduction. But, how will you thank me?”
SOOYOuNA | 299
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
1. The character for “Refinement” is pronounced similar to the
character for “Cultivation.”
SOOYOuNA | 300
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 54: AN OLD FRIEND FROM THE SECT
“I... I’m just a scholar...” Meng Hao gaped, his mouth wide, unsure of
how to respond. When he had bought things back in Yunjie County,
he had never encountered a situation like this. To have a beautiful girl
smiling sweetly at him, looking so charming, caused the red flush to
suddenly fill his face once again.
Seeing Meng Hao’s embarrassed expression, the young woman
covered her mouth and laughed softly. She turned, her waist swaying
enchantingly as she walked over to the Pill oven.
She lowered her head to speak to the middle-aged man who sat
there in meditation.
When she returned, she winked at Meng Hao. “How about one
hundred seventy Spirit Stones?”
“Many thanks, Fellow Daoist,” said Meng Hao, sucking in a breath.
Looking pleased at having saved a few Spirit stones, he quickly
saluted with clasped fists.
“You can call me big sis,” she said, holding the jade slips out to Meng
Hao.

He accepted them, then cast some spiritual power into them.
Immediately a vast tableau appeared in his mind. Glancing over it
eagerly, he already noticed three of the pills that were contained in
his bag of holding. He pulled out the one hundred seventy Spirit
Stones and gave them to the girl, then cupped his hands together as
he made to leave. The girl sighed and escorted him all the way to the
door.
“My name is Qiao Ling,” she said, her eyes filled with an interesting
look. “Remember to ask for me next time you come.” She looked him
