was humiliated, and furious. He had killed Sun Hua; had the spear
actually been a treasured item, it would not have been a huge
problem. But he had killed a Winding Stream Inner Sect disciple over
a simple silver spear.... This could cause a huge conflagration
between two great Sects.
“Meng Hao!!” He wanted to chase after him, but Meng Hao had long
since disappeared. Zhou and Xu were also furious. And while they
felt indignation toward Meng Hao, Sun Hua had been killed by Liu
Daoyun. They couldn’t just let him go.
1. Ding Xin’s name in Chinese is 丁信 (dīng xìn) – Ding is a common
family name. Xin means
“believe” or “faith”
SOOYOuNA | 360
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 65: BATTLE AT THE NORTH SEA
An iron spear had cheated the Violet Fate Sect disciples.
A silver spear had cheated Sun Hua and Liu Daoyun, and had
caused friction between two great Sects.
If Fatty’s father knew about this, his eyes would definitely grow wide.
The iron, silver and gold spears were crafted by his artisans.
If Fatty had a chance to hear about it, he would definitely find it
incredibly amusing.
Meng Hao hadn’t even known how useful the silver spear would be.
The people from the Winding Stream Sect and the Cold Wind Sect

had already stopped chasing him. And now, even if they wanted to
pursue him, they wouldn’t be able to track him down.
And yet, his face was as grim as before. He stood on the treasured
fan, popping down Demonic Cores. Ding Xin pursued him on his giant
leaf, his face cold. In order to kill Meng Hao, he would follow him to
the ends of the earth if necessary.
If it was a simple pursuit, Meng Hao would be able to lead him around
in circles, considering his vast amount of Demonic Cores. But he was
seriously injured, which made things difficult.
The Demonic Cores were just barely enough to keep him going.
He could suppress the injury for a while, but eventually he would
reach the point where he couldn’t. When that happened, the injury
would become even more dangerous.
Even more frustrating, an occasional arrow would scream toward him
from behind, forcing him to use the treasured fan to defend himself.
The most dangerous position was when he reached the end of a glide
and had to drop to the ground and run, decreasing his speed and
agility. Thankfully, the land was mostly covered by forests, and by the
time he reached the top of next mountain in his path, he would be
able to jump onto the treasured fan again.
Of course, Ding Xin was also incapable of sustained flight. Just like
Liu Daoyun, he also had to drop to the ground occasionally, waiting to
find some favorable terrain to once again begin gliding.
“You can’t get away,” said Ding Xin with a smile, his eyes glittering. “If
you give up without a fight, I can take you back to the Sect and let
them deal with you.”
SOOYOuNA | 361
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

“There are some special circumstances regarding the matter between
myself and the Violet Fate Sect,” said Meng Hao as he continued to
speed forward. “Fellow Daoist Ding, do you understand what I
mean?”
“I don’t need to understand,” he responded coolly, his eyes growing
colder. “If I take you back to the Sect, the Sect Elders will surely
punish you. The Violet Fate Sect is one of the great sects of the
Southern Domain. Naturally, they will be reasonable, and discern
what is true and false.”
“What happened that day was beyond my control,” Meng Hao
explained. “Qiu Shuihen and Lu Song forced me to sell my item. I told
them it was just an ordinary spear, but they insisted.
They even threatened me! You can’t put the blame on me for that!”
Having reached the top of a relatively high hill, he pulled out the
treasured fan and began to glide once again.
“How could the fault not be yours?” said Ding Xin, his voice as cold
as ever. He continued to move forward with great speed. “You could
have broken the spear on the spot, then pulled out the real treasure.
Then none of this would have happened.” He slapped his bag of
holding, and a black wooden bow appeared in his hands. He pulled it
back and released a screaming arrow toward Meng Hao.
There was a boom as Meng Hao used a magical item to defend
himself. Coughing up blood, he laughed. The blood on his teeth made
his smile even more ferocious.
“This is your so-called ‘being reasonable?’” he said. His eyes shone
with killing intent, and he didn’t say anything more. Swallowing a
Demonic Core, he pushed the treasured fan forward even faster.
Several hours passed. Afternoon came, then evening. Meng Hao was
exhausted, but he could see that this pursuit might go on for days. He

could see from the cold eyes of the person chasing him that he was
ruthlessly toying with him.
He was prey, not to be killed forthrightly, but to be toyed with. Then,
even as he began to go crazy from it all, he would be felled in a single
blow.
The land of the State of Zhao whizzed beneath Meng Hao and Ding
Xin. Time passed. Meng Hao’s Cultivation base of the eighth level of
Qi Condensation was at the point that it seemed about to wither up.
He continually consumed Demonic Cores, but that in itself was
harming his body. Even his blood seemed to reek with a Demonic air.
To a Cultivator, this was essentially intentionally harming one’s own
Cultivation base. Meng Hao had never heard of this before, but based
on what he was seeing, he now had a clue. And yet, he had no
choice.
SOOYOuNA | 362
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
As for Ding Xin, he had noticed what was happening, so had
intentionally slowed his pursuit.
An inquisitive look had appeared in his eyes, as if he had caught sight
of some interesting toy.
“I really want to see what happens when you consume so many
Demonic Cores that your entire aura becomes Demonic? When I kill
you, will I find an eighth-level Demonic Core inside?” Ding Xin
laughed.
Meng Hao heard his words, and more veins of blood appeared in his
eyes. His face grew somber.
He was not the type of person to speak a lot during a fight. Just now
he had tried to explain himself, only to find out that his opponent

didn’t care. After that, he didn’t say a single word.
This was just like the time he had faced up against Wang Tengfei. He
had not roared or howled; he had faced everything with dark silence.
He continued to flee for some time, pushing himself to the limits of his
speed. Finally, up ahead, he caught sight of Mount Daqing. He had
been hiding away for about half a year, and had finally come back to
the mountain again, a big circle.
As he continued on, he could see a vast, mirror-like lake off in the
distance. It was the North Sea.
When he saw it, his eyes suddenly lit up.
“The North Sea....”
Meng Hao thought of the little ship, the old man and the young girl,
and about how the North Sea had revealed the Dao!
His gaze grew hard, and he changed his direction, aiming for the
lake.
He sped along on his treasured fan. Behind him, Ding Xin sneered.
He had quite enjoyed forcing his quarry to continuously consume
Demonic Cores.
“I’m not sure why this guy has so many Demonic Cores, but it doesn’t
matter. I’ll force him to tell me before he dies. In any case, I really
want to see what his body looks like after he eats too many.” He
smiled, stamping down on his giant leaf and continuing on in pursuit.
SOOYOuNA | 363
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The two of them continued on for a while, until suddenly a booming
sound rang out in the air.

Just as they flew out over the surface of the North Sea, Meng Hao
slapped his bag of holding, then tossed out the black net.
It immediately grew out to a diameter of approximately nine meters
and shot toward Ding Xin.
Ding Xin immediately flicked his wide sleeve, and a violet-colored
jade slip flew out, which transformed into a violet whirlwind. The
whirlwind sent the net spinning. Its connection with Meng Hao
seemed to have been severed, and it flew off into the distance.
“Using a useless treasure like that shows how incompetent you are,”
said Ding Xin coldly. The net appeared to be extraordinary, so he had
used the jade slip just now. He’d never imagined that it would be
defeated in one move.
Meng Hao’s eyes flashed. He bit down on his tongue and then spit
out some blood. His face was even paler than before. As he moved
across the surface of the North Sea, the water began to ripple as if a
fierce wind were blowing across it. Its calmness had been broken.
The treasured fan stopped when he reached the center of the lake. It
was the first time since Ding Xin had begun chasing him that he came
to a full stop. He turned around, slapping his bag of holding, and the
scroll painting appeared in his hands. His eyes glittered, emanating
killing intent.
He would flee no longer. He would fight with Ding Xin, Cultivator of
the ninth level of Qi Condensation!
Meng Hao was not in the upper hand, but he would fight. He had to
fight. He couldn’t carry on much longer, so if he didn’t fight, he would
die. There was only one option... fight!
“So, you’re not running anymore,” said Ding Xin as he approached. A
sneer appeared on his face when he saw the look of murder in Meng
Hao’s eyes. He waved his finger, and instantly a violet light appeared

in front of him which transformed in a bird. It flapped its wings as it
shot toward Meng Hao.
Meng Hao’s eyes flashed. The instant the violet-colored bird
appeared, the scroll painting trembled, and the sounds of roaring
beasts could be heard. Meng Hao went all in with his Cultivation
base. Perhaps because of the vast quantities of Demonic power
within his spiritual energy, the roars of the beasts were particularly
frightening. Four streams of mist appeared, solidifying into four
Demonic beasts which charged toward the violet-colored bird.
At the same time, Meng Hao took a step forward. The treasured fan
beneath his feet disassembled, the feathers circulating around him
and then shooting toward Ding Xin like flying swords.
SOOYOuNA | 364
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao didn’t retreat. A flying sword appeared beneath his feet to
support him, and he himself shot toward Ding Xin.
“You overestimate yourself,” said Ding Xin with a cold laugh, his eyes
filled with ridicule. His right hand flickered in incantation patterns and
then he pressed down on his forehead. A vortex emerged,
accompanied by a roaring sound.
“Violet Fate Aura!”
Dense Violet Qi poured out from within the vortex, instantly
transforming into a violet-colored ring, which expanded, and then flew
toward Meng Hao.
Thunderous sounds continued to reverberate, causing the feathers
around Meng Hao to crumble and collapse. As the massive sound
roared out, it caused him to vomit up blood. And yet, stubbornness

filled his eyes. He slapped his bag of holding, and roughly one
hundred flying swords emerged, shooting toward Ding Xin.
The sword rain screamed forth, filling the sky. The light from the
sword auras filled the sky.
The swords reached Ding Xin in an instant, and yet his sneer grew
thicker.
“So reckless,” he said, slapping his bag of holding. A red beam
emerged, transforming into a red-colored whisk. He twirled the whisk,
and a screaming red gust of wind appeared which cracked the nearly
one hundred flying swords. Many of them simply shattered.
The wind gust smacked into Meng Hao, and he coughed up more
blood. But then, within the fragments of the hundred flying swords,
appeared two wooden swords. They flew out, piercing through the
red wind and shooting toward Ding Xin.
Ding Xin’s eyes narrowed. His fingers flashed in incantation signs as
he shot backwards.
Meng Hao lifted his right hand into the air, his face radiating killing
intent.
His finger pointed up, and suddenly the black net which had been
spinning away moments ago, expanded to a size of thirty meters,
then dropped down with incredible speed.
All of this takes quite a bit of time to describe, but all happened in the
space of just a moment.
Ding Xin’s expression changed instantaneously. Before he could
react, the huge net had caught him up. The two wooden swords shot
toward him, and it seemed they would stab into his chest.
SOOYOuNA | 365

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
It was a simple tactic that had just occurred to Meng Hao. It wasn’t
perfect, but it was the best he could come up with on the spur of the
moment. He had even used the feathers of the treasured fan and
sacrificed the multitude of flying swords in an attempt to catch his
opponent off guard. He had done it all for one purpose: to distract his
opponent. And it had worked.
SOOYOuNA | 366
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 66: A GREAT KINDNESS!
Everything was all to give the wooden swords a chance at a kill!
Ding Xin’s eyes narrowed as a feeling of sudden, intense danger
welled up in his heart. This was the first time he had experienced this
feeling in the backwater State of Zhao. Even in the Southern Domain,
he had never provoked the wrath of Foundation Establishment
Cultivators; he’d only ever been in tousles with people of the same
stage as himself.
Astonished to be in such a perilous situation, he raised his right hand
and pushed down on his forehead. An exploding sound rippled out,
and a massive amount of Violet Qi poured forth from his head. It
rapidly congealed into the figure of a person, his back facing Meng
Hao.
The vague figure was dressed in a violet robe. An explosive pressure
burst out from it, and Violet Qi roiled out everywhere, causing the net
to stop in place.
Ding Xin’s face paled as the massive net slowed to a halt. He
immediately shot backward. The two wooden swords gave no
indication that they would stop. They continued to shoot forward

without the slightest hesitation, passing through the violet cloud and
speeding toward Ding Xin.
“Impossible!” Ding Xin’s scalp went numb and his face filled with
astonishment. How could he ever have imagined that Meng Hao’s
two wooden swords could defy the power of his lifesaving magic!?
This lifesaving magic was bestowed upon disciples of the ninth level
of Qi Condensation, and was capable of resisting the complete power
of a Foundation Establishment Cultivator. It could only be used once,
and even after all these years, he had never employed its power.
Finally, in the face of imminent peril, he had used it today. And yet, it
couldn’t stop the two wooden swords.
“What type of sword is this!?” The blood drained from Ding Xin’s face.
At such a critical moment, he didn’t have time to think about it. He
clenched his jaw and then let out a mighty roar. He bit his tongue and
spit out some blood. This was blood from his Cultivation base, and
was connected to his longevity. As soon as he spat it out, his
Cultivation base dropped a bit. It would take a significant amount of
time in secluded meditation before it could recover.
As soon as he spit the blood out, it transformed into a red mist that
was sucked in by the violet mist form that had emerged from his
head. He let out a shout: SOOYOuNA | 367
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Violet Qi from the East!” Immediately, the purple-robed figure turned
around. Its face was blurry, but its eyes were clearly radiating a
powerful, violet glow.
When the violet glow appeared, Meng Hao’s body shook and pain
washed over him like floodwaters. He retreated backward, blood
spraying from his back. A roaring sound filled his body, and his
consciousness began to waver. He floated backward like a kite with

its string cut, then dropped down onto the surface of the North Sea.
He slowly sank down into the water.
At the same time, the two wooden swords started to shake. One of
them turned violet, seemingly no longer under Meng Hao’s control. It
spun out of control, then fell down into the North Sea.
But... that was only one sword. Ding Xin had gone all out, reducing
his own life expectancy and damaging his Cultivation base to employ
the full power of the lifesaving art. But he had only been able to target
one of the wooden swords. The second one, though it was shaking,
continued onward. In an instant, it passed through everything to stab
into Ding Xin’s chest.
Then, it seemed to lose the spiritual power which controlled it. It too
fell down into the North Sea.
The sword had stabbed Ding Xin, but not in through the heart. With
the aid of the Violet Qi from the East, he was able to avoid being
critically injured. Even still, he let out a miserable scream as blood
showered out of his chest and mouth.
His hair flew around wildly, and his white robe was soaked with blood.
His eyes bloodshot, he covered the wound in his chest and let out a
horrified howl. In all the battles he had fought from the beginning until
now, he had never received a serious injury. Now here, in this
backwater State of Zhao which he looked down on so much, he had
been severely injured by a nobody Cultivator who he had completely
disregarded. Furthermore, he had been forced to use his lifesaving
method. His eyes were grim as he looked down at the North Sea.
“Your life has been taken by my Violet Qi from the East. But since you
dared to injure me, I will drag up your corpse and hack it to pieces!”
Ding Xin’s chest burned with pain. He had used blood from his
Cultivation base and had damaged his longevity. At this point, he had
sunk to the eighth level of Qi Condensation. His face was pale and
filled with fury. He produced a medicinal pill and consumed it. And

then, suddenly, his facial expression changed. He looked down at the
wound in his chest, and his face was seized with terror.
“My spiritual power is being sucked out through the sword wound....”
This was something Ding Xin had never experienced before. He
gasped as he suddenly realized how amazing Meng Hao’s two
wooden swords really were. He immediately shot down into the
waters of the North Sea to search for Meng Hao’s corpse, and the
two swords.
Deep down in the North Sea, Meng Hao’s body slowly floated down.
His eyes were shut, and he didn’t move. It seemed as if he were
dead. Ding Xin’s Violet Qi from the East had wrecked SOOYOuNA |
368
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
his longevity and his Cultivation base. Even though Ding Xin’s power
could not compare to that of the Foundation Establishment stage, he
was at the peak of the ninth level of Qi Condensation. Meng Hao was
at the eighth level. He simply had no chance of surviving.
Right now, his body was cold, and the only thing that remained was
the tiniest spark, flickering inside his spirit. It wouldn’t take long for
that spark to vanish, and then there would be no more Meng Hao.
His Qi passages were shattered, his flesh devoid of life force. His
Core sea seemed to be completely dried up.
But he was not willing. He was not willing to die. Unfortunately, this
was the Cultivation world’s law of the jungle. He couldn’t fight or resist
that. As his body sank deeper and deeper, the spark of life grew more
and more faint. Everything was quiet. The spark was about to go out.
A wisp of Qi flowed out from within the North Sea. A droning sound
could be heard, and deep within the waters, ripples flowed out to
surround Meng Hao. His body suddenly began to glow.

As the glow spread, spiritual energy from the North Sea poured into
Meng Hao from all directions, filling his body, mending his Qi
passages. Violet-colored blood spilled out from his orifices and pores.
All of the damage inflicted by the Violet Qi from the East was
mended. In fact, every single one of his numerous injuries were
healed as the spiritual energy of the North Sea poured into him.
Popping sounds rang out from within him as his Qi passages began
to flow again. His lifeless body was reformed, and in an instant, once
again hummed with life force.
A thunderous roar sounded out as vast amounts of spiritual energy
rushed into his Core sea.
Once again it rippled boundlessly. He was still at the eighth level of Qi
Condensation, but had actually made significant advancement, and
his current power level was almost as much as someone at the ninth
level of Qi Condensation.
Within his Core sea, the Demonic Core undulated, sending out a
Demonic aura. It began to absorb all of the Demonic Qi that Meng
Hao had accumulated. Its Demonic aura grew stronger and brighter.
Finally, Meng Hao opened his eyes.
SOOYOuNA | 369
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He looked calm. He was not excited or shocked or astonished. He
had intentionally picked the North Sea as the spot for the showdown.
It had all been a gamble, in the hopes that the North Sea Demon
would help him.
As he opened his eyes, he straightened his body. There was only
water beneath his feet, although some distance away he could see
the bottom of the lake. Everything should be pitch black. But because

of the silvery sand that spread out, there was a little bit of a glow,
which faintly illuminated the surroundings.
Within the murky waters, Meng Hao could see a boat.
The boat was dilapidated, sunken and resting on the lake floor. Meng
Hao suddenly realized that he recognised this boat. It was... the boat
he had ridden in that day when he crossed the lake!
He stared silently at the boat, and then cupped his hands and bowed
in respect.
Even as he bowed, he heard the twittering laughter of a young girl
echoing out across the lake bottom. The laughter circled around,
making it impossible to determine its origin. Meng Hao narrowed his
eyes, looking down at the floor of the lake.
As the laughter rang out, he saw arms emerging from the silver sand
at the bottom of the lake.
The hands were all as white as jade. Along with the arms appeared
corpses. They were the corpses of young women, floating up from
the silver sand.
Black hair swept across the faces of the dozens of them as they
floated up from the depths of the lake. Their eyes were closed, their
faces pale white but beautiful. Amidst the rippling lake water, Meng
Hao watched on, an expression of astonishment on his face as he
realized that all of the women... looked exactly the same!
At that same moment, a small girl appeared, standing there in the
dilapidated boat. She gave Meng Hao a bashful smile. She seemed
to be filled with childlike innocence, but as Meng Hao looked at her,
his mind began to spin, and he felt a roaring inside his head.
He had just noticed that the faces of the corpses strongly resembled
this girl’s face, as if they were her after she had grown up!

“Big brother, will you stay with me here forever?” said the little girl
with a light laugh. Her voice was young, and when she spoke, the
dozens of corpses floating around her stopped moving, and despite
their eyes being closed, it seemed as if all of them were looking
straight at Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 370
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao mind spun, and the roaring sound seemed to consume his
thoughts. Everything in front of started to grow dim, and then to
shatter.
He suddenly opened his eyes. He was still floating in the lake water,
some distance away from the lake floor, further away than he had
been just now. Had it all been a dream? There was no boat, no
corpses, and no laughing little girl.
Meng Hao gaped in shock. After a moment, he realized that his body
had been healed. He gave a silent nod to the distant lake floor, even
though he couldn’t see anything down there.
He knew that everything he had just seen had not been an illusion. It
was real!
He raised his hands and bowed deeply with clasped hands.
“Meng Hao will always remember your two great kindnesses. I
speculate that you wish to become a sea, and that this is what is
most important to you. I, Meng, of the junior generation, promise that
one day, when my Cultivation base soars to the heavens, that I shall
come to your aid. If there is any other way that I can aid you, please
tell me.” Meng Hao bowed again, holding the bow for the space of ten
breaths. Everything was quiet. He straightened up. He looked down
one last time, then shot up towards the surface of the lake.

At the exact moment that he began to move toward the surface, his
two wooden swords, which had sunk into the water, began to shake.
Then, they shot toward Meng Hao.
One of the swords had just been tracked down by Ding Xin. His eyes
gleamed as he reached out to pick up the sword. But then it began to
move. Ripples spread out from it, and then, in the blink of an eye, it
shot off into the distance.
When Ding Xin saw this, a look of surprise appeared in his eyes.
Without hesitation, he raced in pursuit.
“This treasure is sentient!” thought Ding Xin. His heart began to
thump wildly as he eagerly sped even faster to intercept the wooden
sword.
SOOYOuNA | 371
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 67: THE DEATH OF DING XIN
Meng Hao sped along through the North Sea, moving faster and
faster. The Core sea within him seethed and roiled, and before long
he caught sight of the surface of the lake. He burst out of the water,
sending waves surging in all directions.
At the same time as he shot out of the lake, his two wooden swords
appeared, whistling through the air from different directions as they
flew toward him. They circulated around him, one of them coming to
rest beneath his feet, the other flying next to him.
Just then, Ding Xin burst out from the lake, and as he flew out, his
eyes came to rest on Meng Hao. His face was immediately covered
with a look of disbelief. How could it possibly be that Meng Hao... was
alive!?

“Impossible! He’s not at the Foundation Establishment stage. Nobody
can withstand my Sect’s consummate Violet Qi from the East, backed
with the sacrifice of my own Cultivation base and longevity!!” He
glared at Meng Hao, retreating backward a bit, still not quite believing
what he was seeing.
Perhaps he wasn’t willing to believe because, at the moment, he was
no longer at the ninth level of Qi Condensation. Even his eighth level
of Qi Condensation was a bit unstable. The wound in his chest was
not healed, and spiritual energy continued to leak out. He feared that
he might soon slip from the eighth level of Qi Condensation down to
the seventh.
His face immediately grew pale. However, he wasn’t like Qiu Shuihen
and those others. Despite being shocked at seeing Meng Hao alive,
he recovered in the blink of an eye. Without hesitation, he shot away,
the giant leaf appearing beneath his feet and carrying him off into the
distance. He was not fighting, he was fleeing.
He had no choice but to flee. He could tell that Meng Hao was
completely recovered, and had in fact improved his Cultivation base,
whereas he himself had suffered severe internal injuries.
He had no other option than retreat.
Meng Hao watched coldly as Ding Xin fled. He didn’t pursue at first,
but instead looked down at the lake, making yet another respectful
salute.
“I will remember this great kindness for the rest of my life!” said Meng
Hao in a voice that could sever nails and slice iron. Then he lifted his
head and flicked his sleeve. The sword beneath his feet hummed,
and he transformed into a radiant beam of light as he shot in pursuit
of Ding Xin.
SOOYOuNA | 372

I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Starting now, the hunter becomes the hunted,” he said, his eyes
filled with the intent to kill.
After leaving the Reliance Sect, Meng Hao had never felt the desire
to kill anyone as much as he did Ding Xin, except perhaps
Shangguan Xiu. His desire to kill spread into his eyes until they
shined. During his entire life of Cultivation, he had never been so
seriously injured before.
In fact, it actually did not count as being injured. He had already...
been killed!
A dazzling gleam filled his eyes as he raced in pursuit. In an instant,
he left behind the North Sea. In the time it takes an incense stick to
burn, he had caught up with Ding Xin, who was consuming medicinal
pills even as his Cultivation base continued to drop.
Meng Hao didn’t say anything. Instead, he simply lifted his finger, and
the wooden sword flying next to him sped forward toward Ding Xin.
Pale-faced Ding Xin looked back, well aware of the strange powers of
the sword. He smacked his bag of holding, and immediately, the long
black bow appeared in his hand. Ignoring his continual loss of
spiritual energy, he pulled back on the bow and shot an arrow.
The arrow thundered toward the wooden sword. When they met, an
explosion rang out and the arrow collapsed. The wooden sword
shuddered.
Meng Hao was expressionless. He lifted his finger again, and the
wooden sword sped forward again. Ding Xin, his face pale, had no
choice but to shoot another arrow.
A boom rang out. The wooden sword continued on.

Veins of blood filled Ding Xin’s eyes. Could he not see that Meng Hao
was exacting his revenge, intending to drain his Cultivation base and
push him to complete exhaustion?
After dropping from the ninth level of Qi Condensation, his injuries
had worsened. He was weak, but he feared the wooden sword, so he
could do nothing else but use his arrows to defend himself.
Unfortunately, because of his weakened state, his arrows were also
weak, and did not carry the power that they did before. When he shot
out his sixth arrow, his body suddenly quivered as his Cultivation
base suddenly began to drop from the eighth level of Qi
Condensation to the seventh.
The wooden sword was upon him in an instant, stabbing into his
chest. It wasn’t a critical wound, but blood surged out nonetheless.
Ding Yen let out a miserable cry and tried to flee faster.
His body shook as he felt even more spiritual power flowing out of
him. His tottering Cultivation base fell rapidly, from the eighth level of
Qi Condensation to the seventh!
SOOYOuNA | 373
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Of course, his Cultivation base wasn’t actually regressing. But he was
losing spiritual energy at a rapid rate, and without any recovery. The
spiritual energy loss was so great that his level of power was
essentially at the seventh level of Qi Condensation.
He was consuming medicinal pills, but unfortunately had two sword
wounds, both of which were leaking spiritual energy. There was no
way for him to recover at the moment.
“I’m a Violet Fate Inner Sect disciple!” cried Ding Xin with a fierce
howl. “If you dare to kill me, the Violet Fate Sect will track you down
even if it takes a hundred years! They won’t stop until you’re dead!”

His situation was desperate. He let out another blood-curdling scream
as Meng Hao’s wooden sword passed by. It didn’t stab him, but cut
him, whereupon his spiritual energy drained even faster.
“I’ve already died once,” said Meng Hao coolly. His eyes were cold as
he waved his finger once more.
Time passed. An hour went by in the blink of an eye, during which
time Ding Xin’s miserable cries continued to ring out. His body was
numb, and appeared to be covered with hundreds of sword wounds.
He was soaked in blood. None of his wounds were critical, but he
dripped with so much blood that he looked like a dead person.
Ding Xin was a Cultivator, and as things grew dim, what frightened
him the most was not his wounds, but rather, the fact that his body
had seemed to become like a sieve. Spiritual energy poured out of
him at a shocking rate.
The sixth level of Qi condensation, the fifth, the fourth...
...
A bang rang out, and Ding Xin fell onto the ground, spitting up blood.
He scrambled forward, fleeing as fast as he could move. He was no
longer capable of any sort of flight. His Cultivation base had dropped
so low that it was the same as if he were at the third level of Qi
Condensation.
“Meng Hao, if you kill me, you will be slaughtered without a proper
burial! I’m a Violet Fate Inner Sect disciple. If I die, it will cause
problems for the entire State of Zhao. You don’t dare to kill me!” His
body trembled. He fought back the dread in his heart and coughed up
more blood.
Meng Hao snatched up Ding Xin’s giant flying leaf. Without a word,
he moved his finger again, and the wooden sword shot toward Ding
Xin.

SOOYOuNA | 374
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Enough time passed for an incense stick to burn. There in the middle
of the woods, Ding Xin no longer resembled a disciple of a great
Sect. He stared at Meng Hao, his eyes filled with venom. And yet
within that venom was also regret. He regretted his desire to watch
his opponent consume Demonic Cores. Instead, he should have held
nothing back and killed him immediately.
“I should have butchered you!” he said, gnashing his teeth, chest
heaving. It seemed he was more interested in venting his anger than
breathing.
“You know, you taught me something,” said Meng Hao. He was done
with his revenge. His hand lifted, and the sword fell. Ding Xin’s head
flew into the air, showering blood everywhere.
It landed off in the distance, rolling across the ground to rest
underneath a large tree.
His eyes were still filled with disbelief. He couldn’t believe it, because
he was a disciple of the Violet Fate Sect, at the ninth level of Qi
Condensation. He was a Chosen, he was to reach Foundation
Establishment, whereupon he would be a true Chosen, and his name
would rock the Southern Domain.
But here he was, dead in the backwater State of Zhao, killed by Meng
Hao, an insect he had held in the palm of his hand.
Meng Hao closed his eyes for a long time. This was not the first time
he had killed someone, and this time, he was not filled with emotions.
He had already died.
“That day when I ran into Yan Ziguo, I should have killed him, as well
as all the people with him.” Determination filled his eyes. He had now

experienced the result of his indecisiveness back then, when he had
the chance to kill Yan Ziguo.
“I don’t want to die a second time.” He lifted his right hand and made
a beckoning gesture.
Ding Xin’s bag of holding flew over. Then he flicked his sleeve and a
Flame Python appeared.
It consumed Ding Xin’s body and head, turning them into ash.
Meng Hao turned and walked away.
It was evening, and as he walked off into the distance, snow began to
fall from the sky. It covered him, his footprints, and the reek of blood.
The snow accompanied him as he walked further and further away.
“I am the snow during winter. If I get too close to summer, then...
summer will melt me. That is not the world of snow, nor is it my
world.” Meng Hao disappeared into the distance. He looked like a
scholar, but deep down, he was as cold as snow.
SOOYOuNA | 375
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 68: MILKY WAY CITY
After the battle at the North Sea, and his rebirth in the depths of the
lake, the death aura had been completely dispelled. As he walked
through the wind and snow, not a sliver of it emanated out.
The fact that the black aura, which had encircled him for more than a
month, was now gone, made Meng Hao’s pace a bit more leisurely as
he moved through the snowfall.
Snow fell more and more heavily, making seem as if this was the
year’s last and heaviest snowstorm. The snowflakes appeared to be

pushed along by the incoming season, falling out of the sky as fast as
possible.
The snow covered him, until he finally reached the cave in Mount
Daqing that he had been taken from years before. He sat crosslegged, looking out at the world of snow and listening to the cry of the
wind.
Night fell.
Snowfall blocked the night sky, making it impossible to see the stars.
The only things visible were the endless sheets of snow which
covered the landscape.
A small bonfire burned in front of Meng Hao, illuminating the
surroundings with flickering firelight. The light fell onto his face as he
sat there thinking.
Nearly four years had passed.
It was almost four years since he had joined the Reliance Sect. He
had started out as a youth and had grown into a young man; he was
now twenty years of age.
For a long time, Meng Hao sat there, looking down at his hands. They
were clean, without a spot of dirt on them. But Meng Hao knew
without a doubt that they were stained with blood.
He had killed many times in the past four years. At first, it had caused
him much mental tribulation. Now, though you couldn’t say he was
numb to it, at least he had come to accept it.
He had adapted. It was as if some invisible force of heaven and earth
had changed his spirit, his fate, and his future.
SOOYOuNA | 376
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

“What will I become in the end... ” Meng Hao looked out at the snow
outside of the cave, but it contained no answers.
Time passed by slowly, and soon dawn approached. Everything was
pitch black. The only thing present was the whimpering of the wind
and the frigid snow. The bonfire in front of Meng Hao slowly burned
out, and the cave was consumed by darkness.
Meng Hao sat there in the dark, and a sense of deep loneliness filled
his heart. The feeling grew stronger and stronger until it seemed as if
it would consume him.
“Father, mother, where are you....” His voice was soft as he thought of
his parents. He missed them so much.
“Fatty, what are you doing right now?” Meng Hao sighed as an image
appeared in his mind of Fatty filing away at his teeth.
“Elder Sister Xu, Elder Brother Chen, you are in the Southern
Domain... that’s great....” He looked out at the dark night outside the
cave, and it was almost as if he could see the Southern Domain. An
absentminded expression filled his face.
“Reading hundreds of books is like travelling ten thousand roads....
One day I will leave the State of Zhao and go to the Southern
Domain.” A look of determination appeared in his eyes.
The State of Zhao was on the very edge of the Southern Domain.
The middle of the Southern Domain was very, very far away.
He remembered the map he had seen of the Nanshan Continent.
There was a vast wilderness between the State of Zhao and the core
of the Southern Domain, as well as several countries.
Given the current level of his Cultivation base, if he tried to travel by
soaring, it would take an incredibly long time.

“If only I could become a Foundation Establishment stage Cultivator!”
A fire seemed to burn in his eyes, a fire that contained a fierce
longing. It was a longing to be able to fly in the sky, and a thirst to
reach the Foundation Establishment stage.
“Reaching Foundation Establishment is being a true Cultivator. Then,
my longevity will be extended to one hundred and fifty years.” The
concept of extended life was a distant reality to Meng Hao. Usually,
people wish for a longer life only when they get older. As of now,
Meng Hao didn’t really care about that; what he was most concerned
with was continuing to live on and not be in danger.
SOOYOuNA | 377
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Unless one wants to live an average life, one must accept the
limitations of one’s Cultivation base and latent talent, and fight on.
Meng Hao breathed deeply and looked out as dawn broke over the
world. He pulled out Ding Xin’s bag of holding and looked over its
contents. His eyes began to glitter.
“He really was the disciple of a great Sect. Even though he hadn’t
reached the Foundation Establishment stage, he was filthy rich.”
There were seven or eight thousand Spirit Stones inside, as well as
the black, wooden bow.
When he pulled the bow out, his entire body felt cold. When he pulled
back on the bowstring, it felt as if the spiritual energy of heaven and
earth were being pulled into it.
Inside the bag of holding were several hundred black arrows, each
one carved with strange markings. He collected them up. In addition
to the Spirit Stones and treasured items, there were some pill bottles,
assorted message plaques, and other random items.

Most of the pill bottles were empty. However, one small bottle caught
Meng Hao’s attention.
It was sealed, but when he heard the sound of the pill rattling around
inside, his heart thumped.
He broke the seal, whereupon a thick, fragrant odor buffeted his face.
The entire cave was instantly filled with a medicinal aroma.
This aroma seemed even stronger than that of a Heavenly Spirit Pill.
It seemed to be even stronger than Meng Hao’s most powerful pill,
the Plateau Charging Pill. In fact, there was really no way to even
compare them. It would be like trying to compare a firefly with a full
moon. As far as Meng Hao could tell, one was like a tiny sapling, the
other like a mighty tree.
“This is....” Meng Hao’s eyes shone, and he began to breathe quickly.
He turned the bottle over and dropped the medicinal pill onto his
palm. It was about the size of his thumbnail, and the color of amber. It
emanated a powerful fragrance as well as a feeling of boundless
spiritual energy. With a simple glance, you could tell this was no
ordinary item.
He stared at the pill for a moment, then tapped his bag of holding,
retrieving the ancient Pill-name jade slip he had purchased at the
Hundred Treasures Pavilion. There were more cracks on its surface
than before, although Meng Hao didn’t seem to care. Pressing the
jade slip against his forehead, he poured spiritual energy into it.
A moment later, the ancient jade split into pieces, collapsing into ash.
Meng Hao opened his eyes. They glowed with powerful excitement.
SOOYOuNA | 378
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

“A Foundation Establishment Pill! It’s a Foundation Establishment Pill!
It’s hard to even determine how much it’s worth!” Palpitating with
eagerness, he clutched the pill against his chest. His heart raced, and
it took quite some time before he could calm down.
This Foundation Establishment Pill was one of the reasons Ding Xin
just couldn’t believe that he would die. It had been made by his
master and then gifted to him. Considering that he was at the ninth
level of Qi condensation, if he came across a bit of good fortune in his
travels, then he might be able to break through to the Foundation
Establishment stage. He had kept it on his person so that he could
have it handy when that critical juncture arrived.
Even in a great Sect in the Southern Domain, a Foundation
Establishment Pill was not common.
It was even less common for them to be distributed to disciples. The
requirements to acquire one were very high. Even if more than the
usual amount of pills were available, the supply would still fall short of
the demand. Most people could not establish a Foundation with only
one pill. Usually two or three were required. Some people with only
average latent talent but the support of Sect Elders, might be able to
break through with five pills.
Foundation Establishment Pills were truly treasured. Perhaps this had
something to do with the fact that two of the medicinal plants required
to concoct the pill only grew in the Three Danger Zones in the
Southern Domain.
Ding Xin had an exceptional master, which gave him a special
position within the Violet Fate Sect. When he had reached the ninth
level of Qi Condensation, his master had bestowed him with the
Foundation Establishment Pill. If he failed in breaking through to the
next stage, when he returned to the Sect, his master would not
hesitate to give him another.

Meng Hao opened his hand and looked more closely at the
Foundation Establishment pill. It was then that he noticed a strange
seal on its surface.
The seal bore the image of a demonic face. It was expressionless,
solemn, and imparted the feeling that the face was looking at you.
Meng Hao’s heart thumped. Upon further observation, he determined
that the seal did not have any mystical properties. It was simply
carved onto the surface of the pill, almost like a logo.
Meng Hao hesitated for a while, then clenched his teeth and put the
pill away. Outside, the snowfall was growing lighter, and the rising sun
was just becoming visible. He stepped onto the treasured fan and
flew out into the cold.
“If I want to break through from the eighth level of Qi Condensation to
the ninth, I will need more Spirit Stones. What I have now... it’s just
not enough. I’m going to need to go sell some things to get more.
Eyes glittering, he slapped his bag of holding and produced a jade
slip, which he pushed up against his forehead.
SOOYOuNA | 379
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
This was a jade slip from the Cold Wind Sect, a map that depicted
several of the Cultivator Cities within the State of Zhao. Meng Hao
saw Eastern Refinement City, but he had no desire to go back there.
He needed to go somewhere far away from there, to a place not
controlled by the three great Sects, a place where the Cultivators
would be more random.
“Milky Way City,” Meng Hao muttered to himself. Having made his
decision, he raised his head, eyes flashing, and soared ahead as fast
as the wind.

In the direction of the Milky Way Sea was an area protected by
protective spells, a place that mortals could not even see, within
which was a city.
Its walls were black, and were patrolled by cold-faced, black-robed
Cultivators. They stared out at the people coming in and out of the
city.
Milky Way City hadn’t existed before three hundred years ago. At that
time, an eccentric with a Cultivation base at the Core Formation stage
had appeared. His magical power and items were shocking. He had
established this city, then gone into secluded meditation. Three
hundred years later, no one knew if he was still alive, or dead. It
actually didn’t really matter.
Either he had extended his longevity, or had begun to form his
Nascent Soul.
Currently, the city was controlled by his descendants. As for Patriarch
Milky Way, he had never had poor a relationship with the three great
sects of the State of Zhao. That, coupled with the relaxed rules of the
city, had made it grow into the bustling place it was, filled with people
of all sorts.
One day, a person appeared outside of Milky Way City. He wore a
black robe, and his face was covered by the wide bamboo hat on his
head. It was impossible to distinguish his features, although his body
seemed to be a bit pudgy.
His getup looked strange, but didn’t attract any attention at all in Milky
Way City. After all, this place was a jumble of all sorts of strange
people. There were more than a few who didn’t want others to know
who they were or what they were up to.
Of course, this person was none other than Meng Hao.

He had made up his mind to sell some of his magical items and
medicinal pills. So, he had disguised himself and come to this place.
He strolled in through the city gates, looking around.
As he did, his eyes narrowed. He immediately lowered his head, and,
putting on a nonchalant air, entered a shop.
SOOYOuNA | 380
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 69: YOUNG LORD DING
Shangguan Xiu, garbed in a black robe, frowned as he walked down
the street in Milky Way City. Two Cultivators of the seventh level of Qi
Condensation, also wearing black robes, walked behind him. From
the looks on their faces, they seemed to admire Shangguan Xiu quite
a bit.
Accompanying Shangguan Xiu in his inspection of the city, they
walked past the shop Meng Hao had just ducked into.
Meng Hao’s expression was the same as ever. Even if it wasn’t, no
one would have been able to see anyway, because of the wide
bamboo hat that covered his face. His gaze swept around the place
he had entered.
It was a pill shop, only one story high and not very large. Racks filled
with pill bottles filled the small space. The bottles were obviously
empty, although on the surface of each one was written the name of a
pill along with a price.
Off in the corner, a young man sat cross-legged. Other than him,
Meng Hao was the only person in the shop.
Meng Hao walked along, examining the names of the various
medicinal pills. Eventually, he found a bottle upon which was written
the characters “Earthly Spirit Pill.” It instantly caught his eye.

“So it’s worth three hundred Spirit Stones....” Meng Hao frowned. The
copper mirror required two hundred Spirit Stones to duplicate an
Earthly Spirit Pill. Although there was a bit of difference in the two
prices, it wasn’t very much.
Seeing Meng Hao muttering to himself, the man sitting cross-legged
in the corner opened his eyes and coolly said, “Earthly Spirit Pills are
from the Southern Domain. We don’t have many in stock, only five.”
Meng Hao nodded. Looking around one final time, he made to leave,
but then suddenly stopped. “Do you happen to have Foundation
Establishment Pills?”
When the man heard this, he smiled, although it contained a barely
perceptible air of doubt.
“Fellow Daoist, this must be your first time in Milky Way City.
Foundation Establishment Pills can easily run over one hundred
thousand Spirit Stones. They are truly precious.
Unfortunately, we don’t have any in stock at all. I’ve only seen one in
my entire life. If you are really interested in purchasing one, you’ll
have to go to the Milky Way Workshop.”
SOOYOuNA | 381
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“So expensive!!” said Meng Hao, his voice filled with awe. Hearing his
tone of voice, the young man’s doubt seemed to disappear. He could
tell that Meng Hao was simply inquiring, and didn’t have the
resources to actually make such a purchase.
Hearing Meng Hao mutter to himself enviously about the incredible
price of Foundation Establishment Pills, the young man ignored him
and close his eyes again.

Meng Hao left the shop and moved along down the streets of Milky
Way City, his eyes shining.
Moments later, though, he frowned, for two reasons. One reason was
that it didn’t seem it would be that simple to sell medicinal pills and
magical items. The other reason was Shangguan Xiu.
“He was wearing a black robe, and was accompanied by more blackrobed Cultivators. Those robes are the same ones worn by the city
guards. It seems that after leaving the Reliance Sect, he didn’t join
another Sect, but rather came to this place.” Meng Hao lowered his
head. Instead of leaving, he continued to stroll through the city,
checking out shop after shop. As he did, his frown deepened.
It seemed that pills for every level of Qi Condensation were available
here. On the one hand, there weren’t a huge amount of pills
available, but on the other hand, the prices were not much higher
than what he would have to pay to duplicate them. In other words, the
profit margin would not be very high.
“Forget about Medicinal Pills. I’ll go check out some magical items.”
Meng Hao turned, heading down a different street. There were many
Cultivators coming and going, their Cultivation bases of various
levels. Most seemed to be between the third and fifth levels. Meng
Hao had only seen three Cultivators who, like him, were at the eighth
level of Qi Condensation. Their faces were covered, making it
impossible to see their faces clearly.
There were many Treasure Pavilions here. Meng Hao visited them
one by one, carefully examining their wares. Soon, evening fell. Meng
Hao sighed. Low-level magical items fetched a high price, but nothing
close to the hundred thousand Spirit Stones he wanted. To get that
much, he would have to sell nearly one thousand flying swords, but
such an astonishing event would attract unwanted attention. He
simply could not do such a thing.

His other magical items varied in price, but none alone would earn
him that many Spirit Stones. And if he sold all of his magical items, it
would attract too much attention.
What he wanted to do was handle everything at once, then leave
immediately.
Meng Hao currently sat cross-legged in a room in an inn. “If I really
want to sell the Foundation Establishment Pill... I have to do it very
carefully,” he said to himself quietly. “I can’t act rashly.”
SOOYOuNA | 382
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Milky Way City wasn’t very big. By the evening of the second day, he
had explored the entire city. Finally, he ended up standing across
from a luxuriously decorated building. Muttering to himself, he walked
toward it.
An inscribed board above the main door read, “Milky Way Workshop.”
It was three stories tall. Meng Hao wandered around the first floor, but
was prevented from going up to the second. To gain access to the
second floor, one must produce evidence of a large number of Spirit
Stones.
Meng Hao didn’t force the issue. He turned and walked around for a
bit looking at things, as if he were just an ordinary customer. Finally,
he left.
He sat cross-legged back in the inn, frowning to himself. “There’s only
one door, guarded by three Cultivators of the eighth level of Qi
Condensation, and one of the ninth level.... I can’t go up to the
second floor, nor see past the curve of the stairs. Everything on the
first level is ordinary items, without any spiritual energy... I need to
know what’s on the second level. You can tell by looking at the

windows on the outside that there is an abundance of spiritual energy
there. But the windows are sealed tight.” After a long moment, he
pulled out the copper mirror.
In his bag of holding, he currently had just a bit over ten thousand
Spirit Stones. Gritting his teeth, he took out the Foundation
Establishment Pill and placed it onto the copper mirror. It instantly
sank into the mirror, disappearing. With a deep breath, Meng Hao
began feeding Spirit Stones into the mirror.
When he put the ten-thousandth Spirit Stone into the mirror, a bright
light shone out of it, and then a second Foundation Establishment Pill
appeared. Meng Hao was prepared; as soon as the fragrant
medicinal aroma began to spread out, he put the two pills into his bag
of holding, looking around cautiously.
Because of his speed, barely any of the aroma escaped out, and
therefore no one noticed.
He sat cross-legged on the bed, his eyes filled with thought. After a
moment, he slapped his bag of holding, producing a long, white robe.
This was some clothing he had obtained from Ding Xin’s bag of
holding. He put it on, then hung Ding Xin’s jade identification slip
around his neck. He stood and started to pace back and forth in the
room, looking even more thoughtful than before.
At dawn, two days later, Meng Hao once again donned the bamboo
hat, as well as a long outer garment which concealed the white robe
underneath. Lowering his head, he left the inn.
SOOYOuNA | 383
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He strode directly toward the Milky Way Workshop, arriving in a very
short period of time. A cold-faced middle aged man sat there cross-

legged, a Cultivator of the ninth level of Qi Condensation. Meng Hao
walked past him, heading directly toward the stairs.
As he approached, a cultivator of the eighth level of Qi Condensation
glanced at him.
“Show a minimum of ten thousand Spirit Stones to get access to the
second level,” he said.”
“Beat it!” said Meng Hao, lifting his bamboo hat and glaring at the
man threateningly. He filled his voice with as much arrogance as
possible. “We’re in a small town in the insignificant State of Zhao, and
you dare to block the path of Ding Xin?” All of the Cultivators in the
room looked at him.
The eighth-level Cultivator stared at him in shock. In all his years, no
one had ever dared to speak to him in such a way. But considering
the arrogance and veiled threats contained within Meng Hao’s words,
the man hesitated, unsure of how to respond.
The pleasant voice of a woman drifted down from upstairs: “Young
Lord Ding, please come up.”
The eighth-level Cultivator let Meng Hao pass. With a cold snort,
Meng Hao climbed the stairs.
As he turned the corner, his eyes quickly scanned the entire second
floor.
The pleasant voice from just now belonged to a woman wearing a
gauzy dress. She smiled at Meng Hao.
The second floor was richly decorated, and looked much more
magnificent than the first floor, filled with a dazzling aura. There were
no racks of treasures, but rather an enormous incense burner in the
middle of the room, so large that three people could place their arms
around it.

The thick aroma of incense wafted out from it.
The surroundings were luxurious but also refined. Several tables
could be seen around the room, as well as ornamental rock displays.
It was the type of place that would make one’s eyes shine just upon
seeing it.
The woman standing there in front of Meng Hao appeared to be
about thirty years of age. She was elegant and poised, and didn’t say
anything at first. She simply smiled, making her seem very warm and
considerate.
“Young Lord Ding,” she said, looking over him causally, “please have
a seat. I am the second floor attendant. Please do not hesitate to tell
me how I can help you.” She took a seat off to the SOOYOuNA | 384
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
side. When she caught sight of the white robe underneath his long
outer garment, a look of surprise flickered in her eyes, and then
quickly disappeared.
Meng Hao looked around thoughtfully. There were seven tables
spread about in various positions. Without hesitation, Meng Hao
chose to sit, not at a table next to the stairs, or a window, but right in
the middle of the room.
“Do you have Foundation Establishment Pills here?” he said as he
sat down, not beating around the bush. He stared at the woman, his
expression somber.
When the woman saw him sit down where he did, her eyes flickered
again, as if he had just confirmed something to her. And yet, she still
seemed to be uncertain about something.
“There are not many things in the State of Zhao that we don’t have
here at the Milky Way Workshop,” she said with a smile. “Of course

we have Foundation Establishment Pills. The price is two hundred
thousand Spirit Stones per pill.”
Meng Hao nodded slightly, then slapped his bag of holding. A pill
bottle appeared in his hand.
He flicked his sleeve, and the bottle shot toward the woman.
Her eyes flickered as she caught the bottle. When she opened it and
looked at the contents, her expression changed to one of surprise.
“One Foundation Establishment Pill,” said Meng Hao coolly. “Name
your price.”
“Young Lord Ding, you are quite audacious,” she said calmly, an
unusual expression in her eyes.
“You dare to casually hand me something so valuable. Don’t you fear
that I might take it and flee?”
Meng Hao didn’t say anything. Staring at her coldly, he loosened his
outer garment, revealing more of the white robe, as well as the jade
medallion hanging around his neck.
It was violet-colored, and emitted a soft, flickering violet glow.
When she caught sight of the jade medallion, the woman’s
expression changed.
“If you dare to swallow that pill,” said Meng Hao coldly, “Milky Way
City will be reduced to rubble in less than a month.”
SOOYOuNA | 385
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The woman’s expression changed several times as she looked back
down at the pill bottle. She glanced back at Meng Hao sitting there.

Having taken note of all the various clues regarding his identity, she
finally smiled again.
“Young Lord Ding, please don’t take offense. I was simply making
conversation.” She tipped the bottle over, sending the Foundation
Establishment pill tumbling into her palm. Then she held it up and
examined it closely. When her gaze fell upon the demonic face
carved into the surface of the pill, her expression changed
dramatically, and she stood up.
SOOYOuNA | 386
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 70: BREAKING THROUGH TO THE NINTH LEVEL OF QI
CONDENSATION!
“This pill was concocted personally by Grandmaster Pill Ghost of the
Violet Fate Sect. Its....
Young Lord Ding, what is your relationship to Grandmaster Pill
Ghost...?”
“Name your price.” He said nothing else. He frowned, his eyes filled
with a look that made it seem as if whether he wanted to or not, he
had no choice but to sell the pill.
“A pill personally concocted by Grandmaster Pill Ghost could be
auctioned off for an amazing price. This pill....” The woman hesitated
for a moment, then seemed to come to a decision. “I can give you two
hundred fifty thousand Spirit Stones!”
Meng Hao was silent for a moment. Finally, he nodded and said,
“Done.” He stood up.
The woman lifted her hand and flicked her finger toward the incense
burner in the middle of the room. A clear and melodious sound rang

out, and about ten seconds later, a young girl came down from the
third floor bearing a jade platter. She quickly reached Meng Hao, then
offered up the platter with both hands.
On the white jade platter was a bag of holding.
Meng Hao took it and looked inside, then turned and walked down
the stairs. Amidst the gazes of the Cultivators on the first floor, he
walked out of the Milky Way Workshop and off into the distance.
A while later, when he reached a place that wasn’t very crowded, he
ducked into an alley and stripped off the outer garment. He quickly
changed into another robe and then made his way off as quickly as
possible, his head lowered.
Meanwhile, back on the second floor of the Milky Way Workshop, the
woman stood respectfully next to an old man. The old man, who wore
a resplendent garment, was currently standing at the window, looking
off into the distance. In his hand was the Foundation Establishment
Pill that Meng Hao had sold.
A long time passed before he finally opened his mouth. “Are you
sure?” he said coolly.
SOOYOuNA | 387
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“I of the junior generation already did some checking,” she said in a
respectful tone. “There was indeed a Violet Fate Sect disciple
surnamed Ding who arrived recently in the State of Zhao.”
“Are you sure that was him?” said the old man slowly.
“At first, junior was not certain. After all, Ding Xin is of the ninth level
of Qi Condensation, and this person was of the eighth. However, his
arrogant behavior on the first floor certainly seemed like that of a
disciple of a great Sect. This was the first clue.

“Upon reaching the second floor, he didn’t select a chair near the
window or the stairs, but rather in the middle of the room. This gives
evidence of his confidence, as if he didn’t care that we might have
made a move against him. This level of confidence is impossible for
someone of the eighth level of Qi Condensation to have, unless of
course they are a member of a powerful Sect. That was the second
clue.
“Moments later, junior saw his white garments, as well as a jade
pendant from the Violet Fate Sect. He revealed it intentionally, but this
is the State of Zhao, after all. He has to take some precautions. This
was the third clue.
“More telling, he directly gave the pill bottle to junior, as if he didn’t
care whether or not I might consume the pill. When junior inquired
about this, his response was one that a member of a State of Zhao
Sect could never match. This was the fourth clue.
“Finally, the Foundation Establishment Pill is marked with the seal of
Grandmaster Pill Ghost.
No one would dare to make a counterfeit of such a pill. Furthermore,
junior has researched such things, and am certain the seal is
genuine.
“Because of these five clues, junior is certain that this person was
Ding Xin of the Violet Fate Sect. It is said that two years ago,
Grandmaster Pill Ghost accepted a novitiate with that name.
It seems the person here today was none other than him.” The
woman smiled, her expression filled with confidence, shrewdness and
intelligence.
“Unless... ” She suddenly seemed to hesitate.
“Unless what?” asked the old man, turning to look at her, his
expression both warm and encouraging.

“Unless the person today was incredibly intelligent, and purposefully
did all of these things.
Perhaps he created the perfect cover story, and the seal on the
Foundation Establishment Pill is actually fake. But, the probability of
such a thing is remote. There is no disciple among the SOOYOuNA |
388
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
so-called Sects of the State of Zhao who could accomplish something
like that.” The woman smiled, her expression once again one of
confidence.
“Correct,” said the old man. “Being able to sort through all these clues
in this way shows how intelligent you are, Mu’er. It seems you’ve
really grown sharper in the past few years. This medicinal pill is real.
It seems eighty to ninety percent likely that this person was none
other than Ding Xin.” He looked fondly at the woman.
“Many thanks for your praise, Patriarch,” she said with a smile.
Looking up at him, she asked,
“Are you really going to let him go, just like that?”
“We cannot afford to cause trouble with the Violet Fate Sect. As for
Grandmaster Pill Ghost’s Foundation Establishment Pill...” The old
man seemed to think for a moment, before softly saying, “Mu’er,
considering that your latent talent is ordinary, why don’t you give the
pill to your father?”
When she heard his words, her eyes suddenly flashed.
“He’s back?” Her voice suddenly seemed grim.
“He came back a few months ago. He left all those years ago to join
the Reliance Sect, but the Sect was disbanded. As usual, he has yet

to reach Foundation Establishment... you should go see him.”
Looking at the woman, the old man frowned, then sighed.
She was quiet for a moment. “I have my responsibilities here to take
care of,” she said coldly.
“Whoever Patriarch gives the Foundation Establishment Pill to, well, it
doesn’t have anything to do with me.”
“He’s your father, after all. Furthermore, it seems to me he has some
weighty matters on his mind, and might leave again soon. You should
think about it carefully.” Shaking his head, the old man turned and
left.
“Father... ” Shangguan Mu sat down quietly, looking out the window,
her eyes filled with bitterness.
As for Meng Hao, after changing clothes, he left the black-walled
Milky Way City without the slightest bit of hesitation. Some distance
away from the city, he hopped onto the treasured fan and sped off
into the distance, his body turning into a prismatic rainbow.
He kept going for several days, until it became apparent that no one
was pursuing him. At that point, he felt a bit more relaxed. In the
wilderness some distance away from Mount Daqing, he SOOYOuNA
| 389
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
used a flying sword to cut out an Immortal’s Cave for himself and then
entered into secluded meditation.
This time, he was determined to break through to the ninth level of Qi
Condensation.
He had plenty of Spirit Stones which he could use to duplicate
Heavenly Spirit Pills. When he consumed enough Heavenly Spirit

Pills, and his Cultivation base reached the appropriate level, he would
begin to push toward the next level.
Time passed slowly. Soon, several months had passed. Meng Hao
did not leave the Immortal’s Cave. He sat there quietly, cross-legged,
consuming medicinal pills and circulating his Cultivation base. As
time passed, his Cultivation base grew more and more refined.
By the time the fifth month arrived, it seemed boundless. His
Cultivation base roared, and his Core sea roiled. He had long since
arrived at the peak of the eighth level of Qi Condensation.
He was only a sliver away from the ninth level, and yet had been
stuck at this sliver for two months already.
Thinking about the over one hundred thousand Spirit Stones he had
spent already made Meng Hao’s heart hurt. But what hurt even more
was that after spending all of those Spirit Stones, he still hadn’t been
able to break through.
“Elder Xu told me that the fourth, sixth and eighth levels of Qi
Condensation were bottlenecks.
The year I broke through the fourth level, I had lots of Dry Spirit Pills. I
broke through the sixth level when the North Sea demonstrated the
Dao. Now I’m at the eighth level bottleneck... How do I break
through?!” Meng Hao opened his bloodshot eyes.
Of the well over two hundred thousand Spirit Stones he’d had, only
about fifty thousand now remained. The rest had been turned into
Heavenly Spirit Pills. Currently, he was running low on Heavenly Spirit
Pills as well.
As he had speculated, when relying only on medicinal pills to grow
his Cultivation base, the effects grew weaker and weaker the more
pills he consumed. He needed larger and larger amounts, a vicious
cycle.

“I wonder what other people do in this situation,” he thought,
frowning. Despite pondering the situation over and over, he couldn’t
figure it out.
It seemed that no matter how many Heavenly Spirit Pills he
consumed, and no matter how his Cultivation base grew, he just
couldn’t make that final step.
SOOYOuNA | 390
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Another month passed. Meng Hao had already spent half a year in
secluded meditation. Today, he sat there, hair in disarray, eyes
bloodshot. In the past month, he had duplicated ten Plateau Charging
Pills, which were supposed to be effective in the ninth level of Qi
Condensation. He had hoped that using them would enable him to
break through the bottleneck. While they had been somewhat
effective, they hadn’t produced the desired result.
“I must reach the ninth level of Qi Condensation!” He ground his teeth
as he looked at what remained of his fifty thousand Spirit Stones. Not
hesitating any longer, he took out the copper mirror. He had decided
to duplicate the Foundation Establishment Pill!
A glow appeared, and there in front of him were two Foundation
Establishment Pills. Including the original, he now had three
Foundation Establishment Pills. If you showed these three pills to a
disciple of one of the great Sects of the Southern Domain, they would
gasp with astonishment. In the State of Zhao, it would be enough to
cause a bloodbath if anyone saw them.
Today, Meng Hao would use these pills, not to reach Foundation
Establishment, but to break through the bottleneck. Anyone who
knew he was using the pills in this way would surely go crazy at the
thought of such luxurious waste.

Through history, there were likely few people who would ever go to
such extravagant lengths to break through a Qi Condensation
bottleneck.
Meng Hao took a deep breath, then lifted up a pill, put it into his
mouth, and swallowed it. A thunderous roar filled his mind, and his
body shook. A majestic spiritual energy filled him that he never before
could have imagined, exploding throughout his body.
...
During his half a year in secluded meditation, some events had
occurred which he was unaware of. These events actually affected
the entire State of Zhao. The first was the wildfire-like spread of the
news of Meng Hao’s deal with the Violet Fate Sect disciples. It didn’t
take long before Meng Hao’s name was known across the land.
Everyone knew that Meng Hao had mercilessly cheated the Violet
Fate Sect.
Soon after this, the Cold Wind Sect and the Winding Stream Sect
nearly declared war on each other. In the end, Sect priests of the
Core Formation stage emerged and managed to calm things down.
Shortly thereafter, the two Sects issued a joint order of arrest.
The evildoer Meng Hao of the Reliance Sect was now wanted.
Anyone who killed him would receive a reward of Spirit Stones,
medicinal pills and magical items. This was the first time in
SOOYOuNA | 391
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
hundreds of years that two great Sects had joined together to issue
an order of arrest. This news caused a great sensation in the
Cultivation world of the State of Zhao.

Of course, no one really knew how to track down the man who had
caused the bloody incident regarding the silver spear. But he had
been marked for punishment, and the news spread quickly. Soon,
Meng Hao was yet again the subject of discussion among all the
Cultivators of the State of Zhao.
Whenever Cultivators gathered, they would end up talking about
Meng Hao.
“I heard that when he was in the Reliance Sect, he robbed someone
from one of the great Clans of the Southern Domain, a guy named
Wang Tengfei who had joined the Sect. When he became a member
of the Inner Sect, Wang Tengfei left in a rage.”
“That’s nothing. I heard directly from some former Reliance Sect
members that Meng Hao opened a shop there. He ripped off a lot of
his fellow disciples. They were all furious, of course, but didn’t dare to
say anything.”
“Wow, it seems he’s been developing this devious personality for
quite a while. It’s no surprise he cheated the Violet Fate Sect
disciples, as well as Liu Daoyun and Sun Hua... ”
“It looks like he just rips off whoever he runs into. He’s been cheating
people ever since he left the Reliance Sect....”
Conversations and discussions like this filled the Cultivation World of
the State of Zhao. If that was the extent of it, it would not have been a
very big deal. Eventually the buzz would have died out. Except before
that could happen, the three great Sects joined forces to recall the
original arrest order and issue a new one. There was no discernable
reason for this action.
The new arrest order was still for Meng Hao. However, killing him was
now prohibited.

Rewards would now be given, not for his death, but for his capture, or
clues regarding his whereabouts!
According to the order, he could be injured or crippled, but not killed.
Such a strange arrest order instantly aroused the attention of quite a
few people. Eventually, some of the most well-informed people were
able to put the clues together to understand what was going on.
“The Core Formation Eccentrics of the three great Sects went last
month to visit the State of Revelation. They paid respects to Lord
Revelation, and asked him to divine whether or not SOOYOuNA | 392
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Patriarch Reliance is really dead or not. According to his divination,
Patriarch Reliance is weak to the point of death. However, the
Immortal’s Cave he is in can only be opened by an Inner Sect
disciple. Lord Revelation is already here with them in the State of
Zhao, searching for where Patriarch Reliance is sealed in secluded
meditation!”
As soon as the news began to spread, the three great Sects went to
great lengths to stamp down the rumors. Anyone found spreading
them would be punished by death penalty, and any city where the
rumors appeared would be enveloped by a sealing spell casted by
the three great Sects, preventing anyone from going in or out.
SOOYOuNA | 393
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 71: DONG HU
In the remote wilderness not too far from Mount Daqing, Meng Hao
sat in the Immortal’s Cave, his body shaking. Sweat poured off of
him, soaking him as he emanated an intense heat. This in turn

produced a thick mist that circulated around the cave, filling it with the
aroma of sweat.
Meng Hao’s entire body was bright red, and it felt as if an immense
fire were raging inside of him that would soon wither up his flesh and
blood and turn him into a pile of ash. At the moment, his body was
completely stiff, incapable of the slightest movement.
Actually, this is one of the detriments of consuming a Foundation
Establishment Pill. After swallowing it, the body becomes immovable.
Until the power of the pill is disseminated, it wouldn’t matter if there
was a flood or a storm, or if a person stood in front of you with a
sword, ready to stab you through, you wouldn’t be able to move a
muscle. This is why Cultivators are incredibly careful when selecting
the area where they will consume a Foundation Establishment Pill.
After all, if one encountered an enemy while suffering from the sideeffect of the astounding pill, death would be the result.
Meng Hao was the first person to ever consume a Foundation
Establishment Pill while in the eighth level of Qi Condensation.
Furthermore, this pill had been concocted by a Grandmaster.
But, he had no other choice. It was just too difficult to break through
the bottleneck of the eighth level of Qi condensation without the aid of
either some stroke of good fortune, or special medicinal pills.
The Plateau Charging Pills had not been effective, so now the only
thing he had left were the Foundation Establishment pills. Of course,
he didn’t dare use too many at once. They were incredibly powerful,
and his body was not. Consuming them was actually gambling with
his own life.
By now, Meng Hao felt quite certain he knew why this eighth level
bottleneck was so difficult to break through. It definitely had
something to do with his years of consuming so many Demonic

Cores. Despite his rebirth in the North Sea, the Demonic power within
his bones could not be dispelled easily.
Because of this reason, the blockage caused by the bottleneck was
thicker than that experienced by the average person. Of course, there
were also advantages to this situation.
Once he broke through the bottleneck, he would explode into the
middle of the ninth level of SOOYOuNA | 394
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Qi Condensation. Furthermore, his body, although it seemed weak,
was now much tougher than it had been during his scholar days. The
change was slow, but sure.
This change had not been brought about by his Cultivation, but rather
because of the Demonic power within his body, as well as the
Demonic Core in his Core sea.
Days and days passed. Soon two months had gone by, during which
time Meng Hao had continued to consume his scant supply of
Foundation Establishment Pills. Just now, he had fully absorbed the
power of a pill. Suddenly, he opened his eyes. He could move again!
He felt a roaring within himself, along with a severe pain, as if various
parts of his body were being ripped apart. He spit out a mouthful of
black blood.
As he spit out the blood, his eyes grew dim, as if he were about to
lose consciousness. Instead he bit his tongue, forcing himself to stay
awake. He rotated his Cultivation base as it shot toward the ninth
level of Qi Condensation.
A look of determination filled his eyes. Gathering together the
explosive spiritual power within him, he pushed forward.

In an instant, the spiritual energy charged ahead, filling his head with
a roaring like thunder.
He felt as if his body were about to explode. Then suddenly, it felt as
if the spiritual energy had opened up a new realm inside him.
Instantly, he felt a wonderful sensation, difficult to describe. It was a
tingling feeling, as if someone were caressing him with countless
feathers.
He immersed himself in the feeling, and a long time passed before he
opened his eyes. They glowed dazzlingly. It was as if the darkness of
the cave were being split by brilliant lightning bolts.
Meng Hao took a deep breath, and the spiritual energy of the cave
seemed to be sucked into him strand by strand. Then it left him, and
massive amounts of filth extruded from his pores.
His body grew lighter, his eyes brighter.
The boundless Core sea inside him was twice its previous size, as if
you couldn’t see from one side to the other. The golden water
billowed and roared. Deep within, the Demonic Core rested,
unmoving, sending out massive amounts of spiritual energy, making
the golden light even more dazzling, filling Meng Hao’s body. He
almost felt like lifting his head up and letting out a long, loud cry.
“The ninth level of Qi Condensation! I, Meng Hao, have finally
reached the ninth level! My next step will be Foundation
Establishment!” His eyes filled with exuberance, he took several deep
breaths.
SOOYOuNA | 395
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“With the Sublime Spirit Scripture, I can establish a Flawless
Foundation, far superior to a Cracked or Fractured Foundation.” He

stood up, filled with confidence and hope regarding the future.
He looked forward to traveling to the Southern Domain and seeing
the lands there. He looked forward even more so to the day when he
could reach Foundation Establishment. He wondered what it would
be like to have a Flawless Foundation. What would other Cultivators
think when they ran into him then?
Of course, having not reached Foundation Establishment, he didn’t
understand how rare a Flawless Foundation was. Despite his
ignorance, he still looked forward with eager anticipation.
He flicked his sleeve, and a fist-sized Water Globe appeared. It
stretched out, forming a sheet of water the size of his body. He
walked forward, through the water. When he came out on the other
side, the filth that covered him was gone, and instead, a fragrant
aroma drifted off of him.
The door of the Immortal’s Cave shattered. It was midday outside,
and the season had long since changed. Meng Hao walked out to
feel a hot, dry wind on his face. His entire body felt relaxed and fresh.
“When I reach Foundation Establishment, I will finally be able to
achieve true flight.” He looked up at the blue sky and his smile grew
wider and wider. He walked forward a bit, then hopped onto his
treasured fan and sped along.
He was flying along some distance away from Mount Daqing when he
suddenly caught sight of someone racing in his direction. This person
was moving as fast as possible, and was being chased by a large,
vicious looking man.
The person being chased was pale-faced, but had hard eyes. He
wasn’t very tall, and rather skinny, appearing to be about thirteen or
fourteen years old. Despite this, his Cultivation base was at the fifth
level of Qi Condensation.

He was being chased by a cultivator of the sixth level of Qi
Condensation. The man wore a tattered aqua-blue robe and it
seemed as if he had been wounded. Murder roiled within his furious
eyes.
“It doesn’t matter where you try to run, Dong Hu. If you give me the
pearl, considering my status in the Upright Evening Sect, I can leave
you with your life. Otherwise, you’re dead!” The big man raised his
right hand, and a frigid glow appeared which solidified into a Full
Moon Scimitar. He tossed it spinning toward the youth.
SOOYOuNA | 396
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The youth was none other than one of Meng Hao’s group who Elder
Sister Xu had taken to the Reliance Sect, Little Tiger. [1]
After the dissolution of the Sect, he had been swept away and then
disappeared. Meng Hao floated above, looking down at Little Tiger.
Little Tiger’s face was pale, but killing intent flickered within his hard
eyes. He waved his sleeves, whereupon several beams of cold light
shot out, glittering arrows. Based on their gleam they seemed to be
coated with poison. The arrows shot toward the big man.
He laughed, waving his sleeve, which caused a wind to spring up and
brush the arrows away.
His hand flickered in incantation patterns, causing his scimitar to
shoot toward Little Tiger. It was upon him in the blink of an eye. Little
Tiger’s bloodshot eyes spun. Suddenly, an aqua-blue pearl appeared
in his hand. It was partly transparent, and was filled with layers of
curling clouds. A stream of clouds erupted from within the pearl,
coalescing into a vague figure, which shot toward the scimitar.

When they collided, a bang rang out, and the scimitar collapsed into
pieces, as did the vague figure.
The big man coughed up some blood, and the greed in his eyes grew
stronger. He continued his pursuit.
The blood drained from Little Tiger’s face. It seemed the attack just
now had been quite difficult to pull off. He staggered forward, running
a few paces before tumbling to the ground.
“You can’t escape!” laughed the big man viciously, quickly
approaching Little Hu, whose eyes filled with desperation. Off in the
distance, Meng Hao sighed, looking back at the scene. Finally, he
lifted a finger on his right hand, causing a furious wind to spring up in
the forest. The crushing pressure of the ninth level of Qi
Condensation instantly enveloped the big man.
Trembling, he looked up in shock to see Meng Hao floating down
toward him.
Simultaneously, Little Tiger, who was still on the ground, pulled a
poisoned dagger out of his sleeve. He leaped up with surprising
speed, and the dagger flashed. At the exact moment in which the big
man was surprised by Meng Hao, the dagger slashed through his
neck.
He let out a miserable cry as blood showered everywhere, covering
Little Tiger. Little Tiger was still weak and exhausted, but falling down
just now had actually been a trick. When the man approached with
his guard down, he had planned to make his move.
SOOYOuNA | 397
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The big man collapsed to the ground, twitching. He tried to cover the
gash in his neck, but blood flowed out in vast quantities. Within

moments, he was dead. His eyes stared blankly off into the distance.
Little Tiger took a few steps away, looking back at Meng Hao,
seeming ready to flee at any moment. Then he felt the power of Meng
Hao’s Cultivation base, and his body began to tremble.
Meng Hao didn’t say anything. He walked over and stood over the
corpse, examining it. Then he looked at the obviously nervous Little
Tiger, staring at him silently.
Little Tiger didn’t say anything either. He just looked at Meng Hao, a
complicated expression in his eyes.
A long moment passed, after which Meng Hao opened his mouth. “It
was because of this pearl that you killed Wang Youcai,” he said
calmly. An imperceptible look in his eye revealed that he was bluffing,
but Little Tiger didn’t see it.
Instead, Little Tiger stood there silently, refusing to speak. He was
short, with dark skin and a skinny frame. His clothes were dilapidated,
and he was obviously in a difficult position. He almost looked like a
beggar. But the coldness he had just exhibited when killing the man
just now seemed to make everything obvious.
Meng Hao looked at him for a while, before shaking his head. He let
out a sigh, and turned to leave.
Just as he did this, however, a look of hesitation appeared in Little
Tiger’s eyes. He suddenly spoke, his voice hoarse and filled with
nervousness.
“Elder... Elder Brother Meng, are you going to Mount Daqing to save
everyone?”
Meng Hao halted in his tracks and looked back at Little Tiger. “What
are you talking about?”
he said, his voice low.

1. The character “Hu” in the name “Dong Hu” means “tiger”.
SOOYOuNA | 398
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 72: A TRUE MAN
Little Tiger looked closely at Meng Hao. He had been naive as a
child, but after joining the Reliance Sect, had experienced many
unimaginable misfortunes. In his heart, he had become as hard as
iron. No one knew how many Cultivators he had secretly slain.
He stared at Meng Hao and gradually came to the realization that he
really did not know about what had happened recently.
“Elder Brother Meng, in recent days, the entire Cultivation world of
the State of Zhao has been searching for you. The three great Sects
issued a joint order for your arrest. Multitudes of Cultivators have
spread out in all directions to hunt you down.” He hesitated a moment
before continuing.
Meng Hao’s expression did not change even in the least bit. He
floated in the air, looking down wordlessly at Little Tiger.
“The three great Sects ordered that you were not to be killed,” he said
slowly. “You could be injured or crippled, but not slain.” The entire
time, he continued to look at Meng Hao, unable to tell what he was
thinking.
“If what you’re saying is false,” said Meng Hao coolly, his expression
the same as ever, “then don’t blame me for forgetting our past ties.”
Hearing this, Little Tiger inadvertently took two steps backward, his
face flickering.
“Elder Brother Meng must surely remember Master Uncle Shangguan
from the Inner Sect.

Two months ago, he surrounded the three counties near Mount
Daqing with a horrific, enormous spell.” His voice rang out as he
spoke. He clenched his fists. “He plans to use the blood of the
mortals there to concoct Blood Pills to reach Foundation
Establishment. It’s been going on for two months already. With my
Cultivation base, I’m no match for him, but I came to try to save my
father and mother!”
Meng Hao stared at him in shock, his head spinning. Fury erupted
within him, and a violent aura of killing intent began to emanate from
him. He knew that Shangguan Xiu’s true goal was not to concoct
Blood Pills, but rather to lure him out.
His face grew incredibly grim.
SOOYOuNA | 399
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“Shangguan Xiu has involved the mortals of three counties, and the
Cultivation world of the State of Zhao does nothing to stop him?”
Meng Hao’s voice was as cold as ice as he spoke. “Does anyone
actually believe his goal is establishing a Foundation?”
“Everyone says that Shangguan Xiu longs for Foundation
Establishment,” said Little Tiger,
“and that he intentionally picked the three counties around Mount
Daqing because of the auspicious sign that appeared here years ago.
With Blood Spirit Pills, he can easily break through to Foundation
Establishment. In the past, the three great Sects would never allow
him to do something like that, but right now they seek out Patriarch
Reliance’s meditation zone.
That’s why they sent everyone looking for you, and have ignored
what is happening here. They don’t want to have to deal with extra
trouble. Furthermore, Shangguan Xiu is no ordinary person. I looked

into it and found out he’s from Milky Way City. Apparently, the three
great Sects did attempt to interfere at first, but then backed off for
some reason.”
Meng Hao listened quietly, then began to smile, a cold, dark smile.
The killing intent which existed in his heart far outmatched the killing
intent he had felt in the past toward Wang Tengfei or even Ding Xin.
The intensity of this desire to kill sent this Core sea churning. It was
fiercer than anything he had felt in his twenty-one years of life.
“Shangguan Xiu....” Meng Hao spun and looked off toward Mount
Daqing. He flicked his wide sleeve and Little Tiger flew up onto the
treasured fan, a shocked look on his face.
“Elder Brother Meng, what’s going on?” blurted Little Tiger, his breath
quickening.
“We’re going to Mount Daqing. If what you’ve said is true, very well.
But if you’ve lied to me, then you will never again have to worry about
people chasing after you to get your treasure.”
The treasured fan flickered, and they shot off.
Little Tiger was quiet, having nothing more to say. He stood on the
treasured fan next to Meng Hao, a conflicted look in his eye. Soon the
look disappeared, replaced by determination.
It didn’t take long before Mount Daqing loomed up in front of them.
Meng Hao did not charge in directly. The treasured fan flashed, and
they landed on the ground. Up ahead, everything was enveloped by a
glowing red aura. It seemed that outside of the aura, every five
hundred kilometers, a black robed Cultivator sat cross-legged,
meditating.
There were a dozen or so of them, and they appeared to be the
supporting the base of the spell which surrounded the three counties.

Far away on top of the mountain, someone sat cross-legged in
meditation.
SOOYOuNA | 400
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
In the counties below the mountain, everything was quiet. Wispy
strands of Blood Qi rose up from them.
Meng Hao’s killing intent grew stronger. Taking a deep breath, he
released the bonds he had placed on Little Tiger.
“When I call your name, you must come,” said Meng Hao slowly.
Then he walked forward, his body whistling in the wind and
emanating an ice-cold air.
“Wang Youcai isn’t dead,” blurted Little Tiger. Meng Hao ignored him
as he raced forward.
Little Tiger watched him disappear, then sighed and sat down silently
to meditate. He had looked into Meng Hao in addition to Shangguan
Xiu. He knew that Meng Hao had no immediate family in Yunjie
County and that Shangguan Xiu was most likely using this blood
magic specifically to draw him out.
“Elder Brother Meng, I just want to save my father and mother. If you
live through this, then I will owe you a great debt.” He looked up,
complex emotions flickering in his eyes.
Meng Hao shot forward, straight toward the blood-red aura. Little
Tiger, though young, was clever and had been correct in his
suppositions. As for Meng Hao, he had always been intelligent.
Despite failing as a scholar, he had undergone a baptism of sorts in
the Reliance Sect. After everything he had experienced there and
after, how could he not see through to his opponent’s true purpose?

Shangguan Xiu had set a trap for him. But how could he not go?
Even though he had no immediate family in Yunjie County, it was his
home. His childhood memories were there, and they were beautiful.
Shangguan Xiu was utterly devoid of conscience, and his actions
offended Meng Hao to the bone. His desire to kill billowed to untold
heights.
Even though he was risking death, even though he was playing into
Shangguan Xiu’s hand, Meng Hao knew that in life, there are some
things a man must do.... even if it was dangerous, he would go
anyway.
Fear and doubt were not for true men.
His murderous intent had never been so strong, his desire to kill
never so intense. It could not be dispelled by the death of one person,
but rather every person involved in maintaining the blood spell.
SOOYOuNA | 401
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“In my years of Cultivation, there are people who I haven’t killed. It’s
not because I couldn’t, but because I didn’t want to.” His speed
increased, his eyes flashing with death, but his heart calm. By now he
had reached the area of the blood spell. He shot toward a Cultivator
of the sixth level of Qi Condensation who sat there meditating.
He wore black robes and looked to be about twenty-six or twentyseven years old. As Meng Hao rushed toward him, he opened his
eyes. Shocked, he lifted his hand, but in that instant, Meng Hao, his
face expression cold and filled with death, shot past him.
There was a sword in Meng Hao’s hand. Behind him, a head flew up
into the air, its face filled with confusion. The body fell over onto the
ground.

The reek of blood filled the air. The corpse twitched a few times and
then was still.
There was no shout of pain, no struggle. To Meng Hao, it was as
simple as slaughtering a chicken. As he had said, it was not that he
couldn’t kill, he just didn’t like to.
“When you try to cut off a chicken’s head,” said Meng Hao to himself,
“it will usually put up a bit of a struggle. People usually struggle even
harder. But without a head, you don’t even match up to a chicken.”
Not even glancing back at the corpse behind him, he moved on, eyes
filled with killing intent.
He moved quickly, and before long, another cross-legged figure
appeared in front of him. This person had clearly not sensed the
death of his compatriot; he sat there meditating, maintaining the spell.
He didn’t even have a chance to open his eyes before his head flew
off his body.
“Shangguan Xiu, you force me into killing. Very well... today I will kill
everything in front of me.” He flicked the wooden sword in his hand,
sending droplets of blood flying about everywhere, then vanished.
Because of the death of the two Cultivators, ripples had appeared in
the red-colored spell. This in turn shocked the rest of people who
were maintaining it; one after another, they opened their eyes and
stood up, glancing around cautiously.
Meanwhile, atop the mountain, Shangguan Xiu’s eyes flickered open.
They glittered as he looked down at what was going on below.
The Blood Qi seemed to grow thicker, but he couldn’t see clearly
what was happening. He frowned and harrumphed. He lifted his right
hand, and a Globe of blood appeared, about the SOOYOuNA | 402
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

size of a human head. Blood Qi swirled around inside. With the flick
of a sleeve, he sent the Blood Globe shooting down Mount Daqing,
where it slammed through the blood-colored spell with a
reverberating boom.
The blood-colored spell was growing weak. Suddenly, a shrill scream
could be heard, echoing out from within the spell. Difficult to describe,
it seemed to be filled with pain.
Moments later, another scream rang out. This scream clearly came
from someone else, but it was equally blood-curdling. Shangguan Xiu
frowned. Looking down at the blood-colored spell, it appeared to have
shrunk by almost half and was somewhat murky.
A third person screamed, then a fourth, almost at the same time.
More screams echoed out, over and over, until finally the bloodcolored spell was completely translucent. Shangguan Xiu looked
down to see... a dozen headless corpses.
His eyes narrowed, and his body spun. There, on a small mountain
path, wearing a blue scholar’s robe, was Meng Hao. He was
spattered with blood and gore, and despite looking somewhat frail
and weak, walked slowly up the mountain, his face expressionless.
In his hands, he carried a dozen severed heads. Shangguan Xiu
looked at him as he approached.
Meng Hao tossed the heads forward, and they plopped to the ground
in front of Shangguan Xiu, who then flicked his sleeve, sending them
scattering about.
“Your turn,” said Meng Hao, his voice hoarse. He usually didn’t want
to kill, but today. He did.
SOOYOuNA | 403
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE

CHAPTER 73: FIERCE FIGHTING
“Ninth level of Qi Condensation!” Eyeing Meng Hao, Shangguan Xiu
took a deep breath. He had been maintaining the spell here for two
months. The Cultivators from Milky Way City didn’t know the true
reason he was here, and he didn’t want their top level experts around
anyway. He was here for Meng Hao.
Based on everything he had seen and heard recently, he had been
sixty-percent certain that Meng Hao possessed some sort of unholy
treasured item that could endlessly duplicate treasures.
Otherwise, how could he have so many medicinal pills and flying
swords? Also, how could Meng Hao have not noticed that ten of his
flying swords went missing on the day of his battle with Wang
Tengfei?
They appeared to have been broken, but in fact, had been secretly
taken away by Shangguan Xiu and carefully studied. He had
discovered that all ten of the swords were composed of exactly the
same materials.
Even though all flying swords look the same in general, there will
always be tiny differences left behind in the manufacturing process
which can be spotted later. Except, among Meng Hao’s swords, the
details were exactly the same. This, of course, aroused Shangguan
Xiu’s suspicions.
And yet, he wasn’t completely convinced because of that evidence.
But now, seeing that Meng Hao’s Cultivation base had already
reached the ninth level of Qi Condensation, he was even more sure.
Eighty percent or more.
“You may have reached the ninth level of Qi Condensation, but
clearly you just broke through,”

said Shangguan Xiu, his eyes shining coldly. “Should you try to run
away again today, I will detonate that Blood Globe I just sent down
the mountain. If that happens, then the people of the three counties
will be reduced to ash and smoke in the blink of an eye.” He really
was worried that Meng Hao would flee, so before attacking, had
taken preparations to prevent him from doing so.
“I won’t be running away today.” As Meng Hao looked at Shangguan
Xiu, nearly five years of memories flooded into his mind. Their issues
from before the Sect dissolved, the chase after the Sect disbanded,
all of these things flashed before Meng Hao’s eyes. His killing intent
flashed. He lifted his hand, and a massive Flame Python appeared,
over thirty meters in length.
Not only was its size impressive, but from its head protruded a large
horn. Flames flickered off of its body as it shot toward Shangguan
Xiu, radiating intense heat.
SOOYOuNA | 404
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
The severed heads surrounding Shangguan Xiu crackled and burned
from the heat, and some of them even began to roll in his direction.
He laughed, slapping his bag of holding and producing a five-colored
banner. The massive banner unfurled and a five-colored mist roiled
out from within it. The mist then transformed into five mist spirits,
each of them dozens of meters tall. With hideous grins, they charged
toward the Flame Python.
A massive explosion occurred, smashing nearby boulders into dust
and reducing the surrounding trees and rattan vines of Mount Daqing
into powder. Dust and ash swirled in the air, making the scene
somewhat blurry.
Amidst the haze, Meng Hao dashed forward at incredible speed. The
remaining severed heads which had not been incinerated continued

to tumble toward Shangguan Xiu. His eyes flashed, and his fingers
flickered in an incantation sign. Then he shoved his hands out in front
of him.
“Five-colored Death!” he shouted, and a shrill shrieking sound
suddenly rose up around him.
Meng Hao smacked his bag of holding. The scroll painting appeared
in his hand. He unrolled it, and six beasts leaped out, howling.
A massive thunderous rumble surrounded them. Meng Hao charged
toward Shangguan Xiu, whose cold eyes flickered radiantly.
Shangguan Xiu moved forward as well. More severed heads were
crushed into pulp.
“Do you know what the Reliance Sect was called before Patriarch
Reliance?” said Shangguan Xiu coolly. “It was called the Demon
Sealing Sect!” He suddenly looked toward the peak of Mount Daqing
and stamped his foot down. Mount Daqing began to rumble, and then
suddenly, an impossible-to-describe aura erupted out from within the
mountain. It was only a strand, yet that strand seemed to quiver with
the very power of heaven and earth. It was not sentient, but rather,
under the control of Shangguan Xiu. It roiled up from the ground
beneath Meng Hao’s feet.
Shangguan Xiu suddenly seemed to grow older, as if he had aged ten
years. He looked almost like a corpse that had crawled its way out of
the grave.
Clearly the magical technique he had just used was extremely difficult
to employ, and required a sacrifice of longevity. Originally, he would
never have used it, but seeing the level of Meng Hao’s Cultivation
base, he decided that he had no other choice. He wanted to bring
about a swift end to the battle. After all, all the Cultivators in the State
of Zhao were hunting Meng Hao right now.

This battle would surely attract their attention. If he could end the fight
quickly, then he would have plenty of time to get his hands on the
treasure he sought.
SOOYOuNA | 405
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“The Demon Sealing Sect sought out the great Demons of the world,
sealed them, released their spirit, and took their power to trample on
the Heavens! You just entered the ninth level of Qi Condensation,
what could you possibly use to fight me with? If I wanted, I could have
reached Foundation Establishment fifty years ago!” As Shangguan
Xiu spoke, Meng Hao waved the scroll painting, using it to resist the
aura strand that had burst out around his feet.
But as soon as the scroll painting touched the aura, an explosion
rang out, and cracks appeared on its surface as it was thrown
violently away. The aura strand shot toward Meng Hao.
There was a bang, and Meng Hao coughed up a mouthful of blood.
The feathered fan had appeared in front of him in the blink of an eye
to shield him. Cracks split the feathers, as Meng Hao took advantage
of the moment to evade. Evade he did, but he was still sent tumbling
backward, coughing up three mouthfuls of blood.
Only one move had been made, and Meng Hao was already injured.
It was clear that Shangguan Xiu possessed unfathomable secrets. He
laughed coldly. He had expended some of his longevity to make this
attack. Even though it hadn’t killed Meng Hao outright, Shangguan
Xiu was still determined to win. He walked forward, stepping over the
smashed, bloody remains of the severed heads.
Meng Hao’s mouth was filled with blood, but his eyes shone with
viciousness. At the same moment that Shangguan Xiu began to walk
forward, Meng Hao lifted his hand, and within the pulp of the severed
head, a black aura arose. In an instant, the aura coalesced into a

black scorpion. It moved like lightning, so quickly that Shangguan Xiu
had no time to pull back his foot, nor to leap away. The scorpion’s
stinger sank into the flesh of Shangguan Xiu’s foot.
As the stinger sank in, the scorpion turned into strands of blackness
which poured into Shangguan Xiu.
His face twisted. This turn of events was too sudden and
unpredictable. The scorpion, of course, was from the rare magical pill
that he had acquired that day from Qian and Lu from the Violet Fate
Sect. This magical scorpion was hyper toxic!
The black aura entered Shangguan Xiu’s foot, and then merged into
his Qi passageways, filling his entire body in an instant. His face
turned black and he spit up a mouthful of black-colored blood, which
stank like rotten fish.
“What poison is this!?” said Shangguan Xiu, his expression shocked
as he retreated. A feeling of weakness spread through him like
floodwaters. Knowing he had little time to think, he slapped his bag of
holding and produced a medicinal pill, which he swallowed.
Meng Hao had planned things well to make a move in a moment just
such as this. Even his three mouthfuls of blood had been coughed up
intentionally, all to make Shangguan Xiu think SOOYOuNA | 406
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
that he had the upper hand. As soon as his opponent retreated and
pulled out a medicinal pill, Meng Hao charged forward. He smacked
his bag of holding, and the black net shot forth, threatening to
envelop Shangguan Xiu.
It takes longer to describe what was happening than the actual time it
took to happen.

Shangguan Xiu’s expression flickered as he downed the medicinal
pill. His fingers began to flicker in an incantation, even as the net
began to cover him. Meng Hao moved forward without pause. The
black, wooden bow appeared in his hand, and he pulled back on the
bowstring, then sent an arrow screaming toward Shangguan Xiu.
Shangguan Xiu moved backward at high speed. A medicinal pill, a
black net, an arrow and an incantation. He didn’t have time for all, he
would have to pick two.
A booming sound rang out. Shangguan Xiu downed the pill, but
abandoned his incantation. He managed to evade the black net, but
couldn’t avoid the arrow. It shot into his right shoulder, emerging from
the other side in a shower of blackened blood.
Intense pain flashed through him, but Shangguan Xiu let out a low
snort. Meng Hao didn’t pause for even a moment. A second arrow
whistled forth, followed by a third and a fourth.
Meng Hao moved forward relentlessly. Every step he took, he shot an
arrow; seven steps, seven arrows.
The seven arrows shot forward, screaming through the air with
shocking killing intent!
Shangguan Xiu continued to retreat, struggling to control the spread
of the black strands throughout his body. And yet, he also had to
dodge the incoming arrows. But being at the ninth level of Qi
Condensation, he could only do so much. He might be at the absolute
peak of the ninth level of Qi Condensation, a hair away from the
Foundation Establishment stage, but he was still not at the
Foundation Establishment stage.
No, he was still far from Foundation Establishment stage. Just like
Meng Hao, he was still in the Qi Condensation stage. The difference
in the level of power between the two was like the difference between
the sky and the ground.

He couldn’t do everything perfectly at the same time. A booming
sound reverberated through the air as the seven arrows pierced his
right arm, completely destroying it. This was the only thing he could
do to defend against the arrows. He paid the price of a right arm in
order to be able to focus on bringing the poison in his body under
control temporarily.
Even as he did so, an eighth arrow shot toward him from Meng Hao,
then a ninth. He raised his head to the sky and howled.
SOOYOuNA | 407
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
From the day he began to walk the path of Cultivation until today, he
had never been in such a dangerous, tight situation. He had lost an
arm! The price he had paid, the pain he felt, drove his desire to kill
Meng Hao to a new, intense height.
His eyes were bloodshot; the poison was under control, but could not
easily be expelled. In fact, as of now, he could tell that it would be
impossible to expel the poison while he was in the Qi Condensation
stage. Only if he reached Foundation Establishment could he do so.
“Milky Way Sea!” he shouted, his hair flying about him crazily. He bit
the tip of his tongue and spit out a glob of blood. A violet pearl flew
out from within the blood, within which could be seen what appeared
to be a seething mass of wind. As soon as it appeared, a fierce gale
arose, sending Meng Hao’s latest three arrows into a spin. Then, they
simply collapsed into pieces.
SOOYOuNA | 408
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 74: NOT PAST ONE HUNDRED YEARS

The pearl spun back into Shangguan Xiu’s mouth, whereupon he
used his remaining arm to slap his bag of holding. Multiple flying
swords, banners and other magical items appeared, all flying forward
at the same time. Then, one by one they exploded into pieces.
Shangguan Xiu lifted his hands, and the fragments of the various
magical items rose up to create something like a sea.
From a distance, the multiple fragments glinted blindingly, making it
seem as if there really was a sea floating in the sky. The sea began to
spin, and then shot directly toward Meng Hao, whistling through the
air.
This was the Milky Way Sea, a magical technique that had earned
Patriarch Milky Way his name many years ago. Eventually, he divided
the technique into multiple levels. The lowest level could be used only
by someone of the ninth level of Qi Condensation.
Of course, any Cultivator of the Foundation Establishment stage
could flick a sleeve and create a Milky Way Sea out of fragmented
items. However, during the Qi Condensation stage, this was truly
something powerful.
As such, it was not an easy technique to pull off. Only someone at the
peak of the ninth level could do it, and they would have to have the
support of a vast amount of spiritual power. In all of Milky Way City,
Shangguan Xiu was the only Cultivator at the Qi Condensation stage
who could do it.
At the moment, he wanted to end the fight as quickly as possible, not
only to acquire Meng Hao’s treasures, but also to get back to Milky
Way City to dispel the poison from his body. So, he attacked with his
most powerful technique, sending the cloud of fragmented treasures
speeding toward Meng Hao. As it approached, Meng Hao took a
deep breath and then slapped his bag of holding.
Flying sword after flying sword emerged. Ten swords, fifty, one
hundred, until a total of three hundred flying swords were spinning

around him. Meng Hao lifted his hands, then pushed them out ahead
of him.
As he did, the three hundred flying swords formed a massive sword
rain, which then congealed into the shape of a Flying Rain-Dragon.
He walked forward, and two golden strands of light appeared in his
hands,: the two wooden swords. His body turned into a beam of light
as he flew up into the Flying Rain-Dragon sword rain.
SOOYOuNA | 409
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
It was as if he had become the spirit of the flying-sword Flying RainDragon. It raised its head to the Heavens and roared, then shot
toward the Milky Way Sea.
An explosion reverberated out which shook heaven and earth. The
Milky Way Sea of fragmented treasures lashed against Meng Hao’s
flying swords. Popping sounds could be heard as sword after sword
collapsed into pieces. But if the Sea smashed ten swords, then Meng
Hao would produce ten more to replace them.
Right now, the most flying swords he could control simultaneously
was three hundred. Within his bag of holding, he currently had about
seven hundred, which he had slowly duplicated over the last year.
After his fierce battle with Ding Xin, and during the process of
breaking through to the ninth level of Qi Condensation, he had
prepared himself completely.
Seeing this, Shangguan Xiu’s face changed. His left hand flickered in
an incantation pattern, then produced more magical items which he
added to the conglomeration.
Meng Hao’s flying swords screamed as they continuously battered
the Milky Way Sea. The sound of it reverberated out in all directions,
and yet the power of this Milky Way Sea was formidable. At the

moment, he wasn’t able to move forward very easily. Suddenly, he
spun his body, causing the flying swords around him to begin to
rotate around him. They rotated faster and faster until they became a
whirlwind, with Meng Hao at the center. He stopped moving, but the
flying sword whirlwind continued to spin faster and faster.
From a distance, it looked as if a rapidly spinning tornado were slicing
through the middle of the Milky Way Sea. The fragmented treasure
items of the Milky Way Sea continue to smash against the flying
swords, but after the space of a few breaths, the swords pushed
forward, slicing clean through the sea.
Shangguan Xiu’s face twisted. Meng Hao’s Cultivation base was
shocking, as was the number of magical items he had. The most
shocking thing, though, was his battle experience. His ability to
quickly change his magical battle techniques was something that left
Shangguan Xiu in utter disbelief.
Amidst the reverberating roar, Meng Hao and his sword rain ploughed
through the Milky Way Sea, sending pieces of it scattering about.
Meng Hao suddenly leaped forward, the two golden strands that were
the wooden swords emitting shrill whistles as they shot through the
air with him. Shock covered Shangguan Xiu’s face.
“Meng Hao!” he cried, shooting backward as fast as possible, his face
panic-stricken. In complete contrast, when Meng Hao attacked, he
didn’t say even a word. His expression was the same as ever. He
increased his speed even more, aiming the two wooden swords, one
to stab directly toward his opponent’s heart, the other, his forehead.
SOOYOuNA | 410
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Shangguan Xiu was vexed to the extreme. He had held the upper
hand at first, but had then been poisoned. Things had only gone
downhill from there. He couldn’t dispel the poison, which meant he

couldn’t use the full power of his Cultivation base. He constantly
needed to use some of his power to suppress the effects of the
poison. Now, he was forced to retreat, one step at a time.
His hand flashing, Shangguan Xiu smacked his chest; he coughed up
a mouthful of blood, amidst which was the pearl that had appeared a
moment ago. A curving arc of light appeared, shooting forward to
block the two wooden swords. The shield immediately began to
tremor, and then shattered, shoving Shangguan Xiu backward even
faster as he retreated.
Seeing the shield shattering, Shangguan Xiu quickly said, “Meng
Hao, let’s stop here. The three great Sects are looking for you, and
our fight today will surely have attracted their attention.
They could arrive at any moment. I won’t harm the inhabitants of the
three counties. Let’s abandon our enmity, what do you say?”
Meng Hao didn’t respond. His spiritual energy soared, and the
wooden swords glowed, pushing through the shield. Shangguan Xiu
was now extremely alarmed. With a howl, he waved his arm, pointing
down toward the bottom of the mountain.
“If you keep going, I will exterminate the people of the three counties!”
“Little Tiger!” shouted Meng Hao. This was the second time he had
spoken during the battle.
As his shout echoed out, a twinkling, blood-red color could be seen at
the bottom of the mountain. A head-sized Blood Globe appeared. It
began to expand, as if it were about to explode. An emaciated figure
appeared; it was none other than Little Tiger. His jaw was clenched,
and he held a pearl outstretched in his hands.
The pearl shot out toward the Blood Globe, spinning around it rapidly
to form a restrictive barrier that caused the blood to stop expanding.

“Meng Hao, I can only hold on for the time it takes an incense stick to
burn!” Having said this, Little Tiger coughed up a mouthful of blood,
then sat down cross-legged to meditate.
Seeing this happen caused Shangguan Xiu’s face to flicker with more
emotions. But he didn’t have time to do anything more. With a boom,
the shield collapsed and Shangguan Xiu’s pearl shattered. The
wooden swords advanced again, Meng Hao behind them, his killing
intent rising to the heavens.
SOOYOuNA | 411
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Blood sprayed from Shangguan Xiu’s mouth, and he lost control of
the poison in his body. It exploded out, threatening to send him into
unconsciousness. He continued to retreat, a sad smile on his face.
“The Heavens will give me no aid... ” he said with a bitter laugh.
“Meng Hao, I will not lose this battle. And you... I vow that I will smash
your Qi passageways!” His smile seemed to contain intense
discontent along with complete helplessness. But it did not contain
despair. However, the discontent and helplessness created an air
darker than any despair.
His left hand smacked his bag of holding. Ignoring the incoming
wooden swords, he held up a medicinal pill. As soon as it appeared,
the nearby spiritual energy seemed to surge, and a strong medicinal
aroma filled the air. With a bitter laugh, he swallowed the pill.
When he saw the pill, Meng Hao’s eyes narrowed. It was ambercolored, and was none other than a Foundation Establishment Pill.
Inscribed on its surface was a seal; this pill was the exact same
Foundation Establishment Pill he had sold at Milky Way City.
“I, Shangguan Xiu, reached the first level of Qi Condensation when I
was seven years old,” he muttered to himself. “At thirty, I was at the

sixth level. By thirty-nine, I was the ninth level.
Today, I’m ninety-nine years old....” He didn’t even look at Meng Hao,
but instead stared up into the sky. In an instant, the power within his
body surged. He didn’t move, of course; he wouldn’t be able to until
the Foundation Establishment Pill had been fully absorbed.
However, even though this was a weakness, the power in his body
was immense, already much more than that of the ninth level of Qi
Condensation. As he soared toward Foundation Establishment, the
two wooden swords slowly came to a stop about seven inches from
his body.
Meng Hao’s expression changed. He could sense his opponent’s
aura growing stronger and stronger. He was establishing his
Foundation right here on Mount Daqing. If Meng Hao’s expression
changed, then Little Tiger’s changed even more.
“I could have established my Foundation fifty years ago,” said
Shangguan Xiu, a dark expression on his face, his appearance wild.
“But I didn’t want to. I didn’t want a Flawless Foundation. I’ve been
planning for fifty years to establish a world-shaking Foundation that
would surpass a Flawless Foundation! I wanted a Perfect Foundation.
But today.... Sadly, today I’ve been wounded and poisoned. If I don’t
reach Foundation Establishment, then I will surely die. Fifty years of
preparations, and the last step... ruined by you! Meng Hao, do you
know how much I hate you!?” Shangguan Xiu lowered his head and
stared at Meng Hao. He did not grind his teeth or howl. His face was
calm, and yet his eyes were filled with an intense hatred that was
clearly carved into his bones and onto his heart.
SOOYOuNA | 412
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao’s heart began to race, and he felt the shadow of death
upon him. But he didn’t retreat. His eyes flashing, he thought back to

his own experience consuming the Foundation Establishment pill. He
hadn’t been able to move for two months.
“I was at the eighth level of Qi Condensation, so it took me two
months,” thought Meng Hao.
“Shangguan Xiu has been at the peak of the ninth level for fifty years,
he will be able to absorb the energy much faster. But, there has to be
a way!” His eyes glittering, he produced a Plateau Charging Pill and
popped it into his mouth. As the spiritual energy billowed outing his
body, he waved his hands toward the two wooden swords.
With a rumbling sound, the two wooden swords trembled and then
began to emit a powerful air. Slowly but surely they moved closer to
Shangguan Xiu. They were about three inches away from him when
they slowly grounded to a halt. This was Meng Hao’s limit. He didn’t
have enough spiritual power, and just couldn’t make the swords move
any further.
“You don’t know your own limitations,” said Shangguan Xiu with a
cold laugh. “I could have established my Foundation fifty years ago.
With the profundity of my Cultivation base, I will be able to absorb the
Foundation Establishment Pill in less than an hour. You’d best do
whatever you can now to flee. But even if you run to the edges of the
earth, I can tell you now, you’re dead.” He stared at Meng Hao, his
hatred conjuring up hundreds of ways to kill Meng Hao.
SOOYOuNA | 413
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 75: AN ANCIENT PATH APPEARS AGAIN!
Meng Hao’s face was grim. He looked at the two wooden swords,
which hovered three inches away from Shangguan Xiu. Those three
inches were like a massive ravine that Meng Hao could not cross with
his current Cultivation base.

As for Shangguan Xiu, at the moment, he couldn’t really be
considered a Qi Condensation Cultivator. Although he was still some
distance from Foundation Establishment, a Dao pillar was forming
within his Core Lake. As of this moment, despite the fact that Meng
Hao was at the ninth level of Qi Condensation, he was so weak
compared to Shangguan Xiu that he wouldn’t be able to withstand a
single blow.
The gap between the Foundation Establishment stage and the Qi
Condensation stage is like that between the sky and the ground, and
is something that will never change. With the exception of some
unexpected event which goes against the will of the Heavens, it
would be impossible for someone of the Qi Condensation stage to kill
someone of the Foundation Establishment stage.
A contest between the two would be like a fight between an infant
and a strong man. Even if the strong man were weakened somehow,
he could still slay the infant with the movement of a hand.
Today, Meng Hao had little more than an hour before a Foundation
Establishment Cultivator appeared in front of him. His chances were
already small, but at that time, he would have no chance at all.
Time slipped by, and the shadow of death grew closer. Even if he
fled, in a very short time, it wouldn’t matter where he went, even if it
were to the remotest corner of the Milky Way Sea, he would still be
unable to evade death.
“What should I do... ” Meng Hao’s eyes were bloodshot. He wasn’t
the only nervous one. Down at the bottom of the mountain, Little
Tiger’s face was growing pale. Seeing the developments just now, he
gritted his teeth.
“Meng Hao!” he shouted. His fingers flickered with an incantation, and
then he pushed down on his chest. He spat up a massive amount of
blood, which flew out in front of him and then formed into a handful of

red-colored clouds. “This pearl is my life, allow me to offer some
assistance.”
As soon as the words were out of his mouth, he collapsed into
unconsciousness. The pearl sucked Little Tiger’s blood cloud into it
and then began to shine with a red glow. It circulated SOOYOuNA |
414
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
a few more times around the Blood Globe, but then suddenly shot
toward Meng Hao. When it reached him, the glow intensified,
enveloping Meng Hao with its light.
At that moment, a strange sensation filled Meng Hao’s heart. It felt as
if is Cultivation base were suddenly climbing higher!
His golden Core sea began to roar as it expanded. Within an instant,
it had suddenly doubled in size. Its boundlessness increased so
much so that it felt as if it would explode out of his body.
Meng Hao body suddenly shined with a golden light, making him look
completely extraordinary.
The Demonic Core within him did not undulate, but instead began to
spin rapidly. As it did, intense spiritual power flooded through Meng
Hao’s body, filling his mind with a thunderous roar, and... a thread of
Qi!
The Qi was weak, just like the thread he had felt when he reached
the first level of Qi Condensation.
What Meng Hao didn’t know, was that this strand of Qi in his mind
was actually something that only Foundation Establishment
Cultivators should possess; Spiritual Sense!
Even Shangguan Xiu couldn’t develop it, because he hadn’t
completely passed into the Foundation Establishment stage.

And yet, Meng Hao hadn’t passed into Foundation Establishment
either. Instead, he had reached the tenth level of Qi Condensation!
Popping sounds rang out through his body. Vast quantities of filth
were pushed out through his pores as he experienced a sort of
baptism into a higher level of Qi Condensation than anyone else in
the world.
The tenth level of Qi Condensation!
Meng Hao’s head spun. In the blink of an eye, his body was much
tougher and stronger. Not only had he developed Spiritual Sense, but
his body has miraculously grown much more powerful.
In the Cultivation world, the tenth level of Qi Condensation was
something rarely seen. In fact, throughout the years, many of the
most powerful members of a given generation had done research
about the Qi Condensation stage... to determine whether there really
even was a tenth level, an eleventh level and a twelfth level.
SOOYOuNA | 415
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Theoretically speaking it was possible; in some ancient text
fragments these levels were mentioned. Supposedly, in ancient
times, there were a total of thirteen levels in the Qi Condensation
stage! According to the legends, even in ancient times, it was rare for
someone to reach the tenth level, and even more rare the eleventh
level. Any person who reached that level inevitably went on to rock
the world.
In the modern Cultivation world, the tenth level of Qi Condensation
was nothing more than a legend.
Over the years, generation after generation of Cultivators had
researched it and eventually a consensus had been reached. In
ancient times, there had been thirteen levels of Qi Condensation. But,

the ninth level had been set as a limit. The tenth level and beyond
had been crippled in accordance with the will of the Heavens. From
that time on, there were only nine levels!
There was another opinion, rejected by most as being absurd, that
the ancient will of the Heavens was dead, and that a new will of the
Heavens had arisen. The new will of the Heavens only approved of
nine levels of Qi Condensation, and had thus broken the path of the
tenth level. This was because following the path of the tenth level
allowed one to fight against the Heavens, which was prohibited.
If a Cultivator could accumulate enough spiritual energy of heaven
and earth, then they could once again forge the path to reach the
fabled tenth level of Qi Condensation of ancient times!
The path was the focal point. Unfortunately, that path had been
broken since ancient times, and though it still existed, was essentially
broken beyond all repair.
But today it appeared in Meng Hao’s body, visible not only to him, but
also to a dumbfounded Shangguan Xiu. How could he possibly
believe that right there in front of him, Meng Hao... had actually
entered into the legendary tenth level of Qi condensation?
“Impossible... the tenth level of Qi Condensation is just a legend.”
Shangguan Xiu’s face was filled with disbelief. “According to the
stories, the tenth level of Qi Condensation is a body-strengthening
stage... It exists in theory, and even in ancient times, it was rare for it
to be achieved.... Impossible!”
Were Little Tiger not unconscious, he would also be shocked. Even
though the pearl was his, and was composed of his life force, it had
never had such a shocking effect on him. Whatever level he was at, it
allowed him to wield a level of power equal to half of the following
level. For example, now he was at the fifth level of Qi Condensation,
but in terms of power, he was already half way through the sixth level.

SOOYOuNA | 416
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
Meng Hao’s hair flew about wildly and his eyes glowed brightly. He
took a deep breath, feeling the immense power that surged through
him. He felt the thread of Qi in his mind, as well as the strength
rippling through his muscles and blood. He knew that as of now, he
wasn’t in the least bit weak.
And yet, there was a side-effect. As soon as he reached the tenth
level of Qi Condensation, it seemed as if the Heavens immediately
severed any connection to him. He couldn’t sense any of the power of
heaven and earth, as if he had been completely cut off. He felt a wild
sucking feeling within him, as if he were a newborn child who needed
nutrients... but was denied.
At the moment, his body still appeared to be that of a weak scholar,
but in reality, his flesh was filled with enough strength that he felt as if
he could rip a city wall in half.
Right now, there wasn’t time to consider all of this, though. His eyes
flashed as he looked Shangguan Xiu and the disbelief written on the
man’s face. Meng Hao took in a deep breath and then lifted up his
right hand, pointing his finger toward the wooden swords.
This finger strike contained all the power of Meng Hao’s tenth level of
Qi Condensation, all of his Spiritual Sight, all of the strength of his
physical body.
This was Meng Hao’s most powerful attack. In fact, this was probably
the most powerful attack than any Qi Condensation stage Cultivator
in the State of Zhao could muster.
A boom rang out as he tapped the wooden sword. It erupted with
sword might, piercing through the three-inch gap and stabbing deeply
into Shangguan Xiu’s chest. A bang sounded out as it stabbed

completely through his chest, emerging from the other side in a
shower of blood.
Shangguan Xiu’s body shook, and yet he couldn’t move. His eyes
filled with dread as he sensed massive amounts of spiritual energy
flooding out from the wound. In the blink of an eye, the energy
seepage had caught up with this Foundation Establishment. Now the
time it would take to reach the Foundation Establishment stage was
much, much longer.
It was at this time that Meng Hao’s hand lifted up again, and tapped
the other wooden sword.
It hummed as it proceeded forward toward Shangguan Xiu’s neck.
“Meng Hao, you don’t dare to kill me....” Shangguan Xiu was
completely in a panic now. His previous cold arrogance and killing
intent had vanished, replaced with a desperate struggle to evade
death.
Meng Hao said nothing. His eyes glowing darkly as the sword he had
just tapped passed through the three-inch gap and stabbed into
Shangguan Xiu’s neck. In the instant that it SOOYOuNA | 417
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
pierced into his neck, Shangguan Xiu suddenly twisted his head to
the side in an impossible fashion. The wooden sword sliced open a
massive wound which erupted with blood, and yet it didn’t kill him.
Dread permeated Shangguan Xiu. He could feel his life force
beginning to fade and his spiritual power dissipating. As the spiritual
energy poured out of him, his body was beginning to grow a bit more
responsive.
“Meng Hao, there’s no hatred between us that can’t be resolved. If
you let me go, I will give you the Sublime Spirit Scripture....”

Shangguan Xiu couldn’t be any more terrified. Even before he
finished speaking, the two wooden swords circled back, stabbing
back through his chest, showering blood everywhere. Shangguan Xiu
let out a blood-curdling scream filled with weakness and despair.
Meng Hao didn’t care in the least bit when he mentioned the Sublime
Spirit Scripture. His eyes were as hard as ever; it didn’t matter what
Shangguan Xiu said, he wouldn’t stop until he was utterly and
completely dead.
This was Meng Hao. Once he made a decision, he wouldn’t change
his mind easily.
SOOYOuNA | 418
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
CHAPTER 76: BEYOND FLAWLESSNESS
The two wooden swords circled around, emitting a shocking sword
aura. They sped toward Shangguan Xiu’s head, one from the left, one
from the right, carrying Meng Hao’s killing intent with them. This time,
it was clear that Shangguan Xiu would not be able to evade.
“There is something more precious than a Flawless Foundation,”
shrieked Shangguan Xiu in a piercing voice. “It’s something that in
the Southern Domain, in fact in all the four continents, is a hundred
thousand times more rare than your tenth level of Qi Condensation.
I’m talking about a Perfect Foundation!! Meng Hao, you....” Then
Meng Hao’s two swords stabbed into his head, sending fountains of
blood in all directions.
Shangguan Xiu died instantly. He had not lived past one hundred
years, but rather, had died feeling infinite grievance.
His non-reconciliation to death was due to his great plans, and due to
the fact that he was in the middle of establishing his Foundation. But

then his head exploded, and his body dropped down off of Mount
Daqing and splashed into the river below. His aspirations, and his
body, floated away into the distance.
Meng Hao snatched his dark green bag of holding as he fell. He
didn’t look at it, but instead tucked it into his robe.
He panted. Despite having reached the tenth level of Qi
Condensation, he had just wielded the two wooden swords to slay
someone who was on the verge of reaching Foundation
Establishment. He now felt extremely drained.
He watched Shangguan Xiu’s body disappear in the distance, and
then turned and hopped onto a wooden sword. His body transformed
into a beam of light, and he shot down the mountain to where Little
Tiger lay unconscious.
The boy’s face was as pale as death, and his eyes were tightly shut.
His aura was like gossamer threads, and his life force flickered like a
tiny flame that could be extinguished at any moment.
Meng Hao looked at Little Tiger thoughtfully, and then glanced at the
pearl which floated in the air next to him. The power of the pearl was
shocking to the extreme, and was truly a treasure. Its power could
even be compared to that of the copper mirror.
“To duplicate it would cost an astronomical amount of Spirit Stones...
what a pity.” Meng Hao sighed and looked up into the sky.
SOOYOuNA | 419
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
He’d known from the beginning that the pearl was linked to Little
Tiger’s life force. If he stole it, then Little Tiger would die.
“You entrusted me with your life. How could I, Meng Hao, act the
villain? If I did, it would plague my conscience for the rest of my days.

I would never be able to think clearly, and my days of Cultivating
would come to an end.” His eyes glittering, he flicked his sleeve, and
tapped Little Tiger’s forehead.
Little Tiger’s body spasmed, then his eyes snapped open. He was
instantly on guard, getting to his feet and retreating backward several
paces. He glanced at the pearl in Meng Hao’s hands, and his body
began to shiver slightly. A look of despair crept into his eyes.
Meng Hao lifted the pearl with a finger, causing it to shoot straight
toward Little Tiger, who snatched it out of the air. A complex
expression filled his face, and he stared at Meng Hao blankly.
“Many thanks for your assistance. This treasure is astonishing. You
need to be cautious and take care of yourself.” As soon as the pearl
left his hand, Meng Hao’s body began to grow weaker. The telltale
signs of the tenth level of Qi Condensation began to disappear. As his
Cultivation base dropped, the spiritual energy of heaven and earth
which had just been cut off from him, slowly began to return.
The unbridled gravitational force within his body slowly vanished.
Meng Hao didn’t regret his decision. There were some things that he
just couldn’t do. He refused to defy his own conscience in such a
way.
The Blood Globe that Shangguan Xiu had used to threaten the lives
of the people of the three counties was instantly smashed between
Meng Hao’s fingers. It transformed into a vast amount of Blood Qi,
which floated back toward the three counties.
As far as the common people went, all they knew was that for the
past two months, they had felt somewhat dizzy, and now were much
more clear headed. They also felt a bit weak. This was because,
unbeknownst to them, their longevity had been damaged, and close
to five years had been taken from the life spans.

Meng Hao could see this, but there was nothing he could do except
sigh to himself. He flicked his sleeve and made to leave.
“Elder Brother Meng,” said Little Tiger, “Shangguan Xiu....”
SOOYOuNA | 420
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
“There is no such person in the world anymore.” He didn’t look back,
just continued off into the distance. The battle here would definitely
attract the attention of the three great Sects. And Meng Hao could
guess why they had permitted Shangguan Xiu to cast this massive
spell here; it was because of Meng Hao. Shangguan Xiu wanted his
bag of holding, and the three Great Sects wanted him. At the
moment, he had no way to deal with the situation. The only thing he
could do was go somewhere remote to hide and think for a while.
Little Tiger didn’t say anything more. He watched Meng Hao leaving,
and then a look of determination filled his eyes.
“Meng Hao, you didn’t covet my most valuable treasure. I, Dong Hu,
am not a good person. But you can rest easy. In this life, I will never
do anything to let you down.” He turned, casting his vision into the
town far off in the distance. He caught sight of his father and mother,
and a gentle look filled his eyes. Then the warmth vanished. Lowering
his head, he quickly made his way off into the distance.
At that exact moment, the sky filled with countless beams of prismatic
light. In the lead was none other than Liu Daoyun from the Cold Wind
Sect.
“Meng Hao, you won’t escape this time!”
Meng Hao frowned, turning into a flash of light as he sped off into the
distance. He used the last remaining vestiges of the power of the
tenth level of Qi Condensation to instantly put a vast distance

between himself and the pursuers. Far off in the distance, he had
caught sight of more disciples of the three great Sects, and among
them had been Foundation Establishment Cultivators and Core
Formation Eccentrics. They had obviously been unwilling to show up
themselves, and had instead sent some lower level disciples over to
check things out. But now that Meng Hao’s presence had been
confirmed, they would surely make appearances.
“Shangguan Xiu was backed by Milky Way City. It seems that power
was not small.... The three great Sects must have stayed away
because that was their agreement. When they felt the battle magic
disappear, then they could approach. Shangguan Xiu had his secrets,
and didn’t want people to see what was happening. He was even
careful about the people from Milky Way City.
He didn’t let them know his true purposes either.”
He left Mount Daqing, passing the North Sea and crossing the wide
wilderness, heading in the direction of the Reliance Sect.
About half way through the wilderness, in a random mountain range,
Meng Hao sped along at top speed, an indistinct expression on his
face. As he raced along he would occasionally look down at a piece
of turtle shell which he held in his hand. This was an item he had
taken out of Shangguan Xiu’s bag of holding.
SOOYOuNA | 421
I SHALL SEAL THE HEAVENS BOOK 01: PATRIARCH RELIANCE
It was about the size of his palm, and its edges were rough.
Obviously it had been broken off from a larger turtle shell.
It surface was inscribed with rows and rows of small characters. They
were difficult to make out. Only by infusing his eyes with spiritual
energy was he able to read them clearly.
