“Soldiers?” mumbled Valak.

Normally, a town as small as this would not have such number of soldiers. The local lord would frequently have only a handful of people to protect him, about a dozen guards at most. Furthermore, each of those soldiers were wearing full leather armor, coupled with spears and short swords.

“Halt!” shouted one of the soldiers. Immediately, the men holding spears stopped in their tracks and rigidly stood.
The one that shouted the orders approached Valak and his group.

“I am Qarat, Captain of the Blackstone Soldiers,” he said. “Name yourselves.”

The Elder stepped forward. “Greetings, Sir. We are from the Mahelpa Village west of here.”

“Mahelpa?” said the soldier. He obviously never heard of it.

The Elder started explaining the circumstances, the events that eventually led them to this place.

After listening to the story, the soldier rubbed his chin and nodded. “I see. The seal on the letter’s indeed from the Marcus Family.” He turned to the soldier that accompanied the refugees. “The Young Master? How’s he?”

“We parted ways near the plains. He’s probably at the Lion City now.”

“Is that so?” said Qarat. He pondered for a moment. “The Young Master is wise. He probably has his reasons for allowing this group to come here.” He pointed at a street. “The Mansion’s just beyond that one. Turn left after that wooden cabin then keep walking. Sir Gaston usually goes out to check the farms by noon. If you hurry, you’ll still be able to meet him.”

The Elder lightly bowed his head. “We are grateful, Captain.”

Qarat embarrassingly scratched his cheeks. “Then… the soldiers are waiting for me.”

After Qarat returned, the soldiers once again started running while holding spears in their hands. It was a beautiful sight, seeing numerous men wearing uniform clothes running during broad daylight.

“Last year, a merchant that passed through our village told me that this is a ghost town,” said the Elder. He shook his head, as though dismissing the thought.

It was evident that the merchant was wrong.

Chapter Thirty


Two days passed since the refugees entered the town. After meeting with Gaston, it had been decided that their group would stay at the Eastern Border, near the construction site. Since the Young Master specifically stated that they should provide homes to the wounded and emaciated, several complete houses were given to the newcomers. This eventually led to several local residents of Blackstone Town looking at them with contempt. Soon, friction started forming between the two groups.

Anthony hummed as he pulled the empty wooden wheelbarrow. His gait was filled with purpose. Ever since the Mine in the Endless Forest was discovered, he started helping out with various mundane tasks like cleaning the mining equipment and delivering food.

Today, his task was to deliver food to the miners. He stopped by the Mansion and filled the cart with rations. It mostly consisted of commoner’s wheat, several dried jerkies, and fish. Even now, Anthony was still amazed that the Lord of the town kept opening the granaries for the citizens. Sometimes, Anthony worried that food would run out soon, but he was proven wrong everyday whenever he came to restock for rations.

I heard that the Young Master’s developing the northern farm lands. I heard one of the villagers say that we’ll be able to sustain ourselves this year after the harvest.

“Big Brother’s right. The Young Master’s changed,” hummed Anthony. “He’s really a wise and benevolent Lord to this town.”

Several months ago, majority of the citizens of Blackstone Town despised the Young Master. He did many atrocious misdeeds and assaulted several villagers. But now, those that hated him numbered only in the few. Though still a child, Anthony was sure of this. He saved the starving and freezing locals, after all.

After getting the rations, Anthony went towards the Eastern Border, a path he needed to take to arrive at the Mine. Just like before, numerous
constructions were being done left and right. Workers poured cement on the ground, while some erected posts, pulled logs and stones.

This had been the usual scenario these past several weeks. Although the sound of hammer striking metal and stone was deafening, it was music to Anthony’s ears.

As Anthony passed through the construction site, he was greeted by some of the workers.

“Anthony! Working your ass so early in the morning again, eh kid?”

“Hey kid, could we have some of those jerkies? I’m sure those guys in the Mine wouldn’t mind.”

“No, this is for the miners!” Anthony stood his ground. “Uncle, if you keep slacking off like that, I’ll tell Sir Silver Claw!”

Upon hearing the name of the Mason, the workers tensed up and nervously looked around.

Anthony heard before from his brother that the Mason was really strict with work, but he had not expected it to this extent. A grin formed upon the lips of Anthony. He could use this to threaten these guys if he sees them slacking on the job.

“H-Hey don’t joke around! We’re doing our job, alright?”

“Then stop lazing around and get to work.” Anthony sighed. He really wished to help the Lord in developing the town. But for now, this was all he could do. He was still a child, after all.

“Ah, also what’s that over there?” Anthony pointed at a shabby tent near the constructed houses. He could see numerous unfamiliar guys come in and out of it.

The workers frowned upon looking at the place Anthony pointed at.

“The mutts,” mumbled one of the workers. “The guys that came here two days ago. We’ve finally convinced them to stay out of the finished houses.”

“Those damn bastards have the guts to occupy the houses meant for us locals. If not for Sir Gaston stopping us, we would have chased them out of this town already. Damn freeloaders.”
“Wait, isn’t the Young Master the one who ordered the allotment of those houses for the refugees?” said Anthony. “We’re going against the order of the Young Master by driving them out!”

Anthony could still remember the time when he first received the soup filled with wheat and meat during winter. If not for the Young Master, several locals would have starved to death during that time. Letting the refugees have several houses as their own seemed unfair for the locals, Anthony believed it too, but he knew that the Young Master must have his reasons for doing so. The Young Master was wise and benevolent, after all.

“You’re still a child, so you wouldn’t understand,” said one of the workers. “If we allow them to have the houses, they’ll think the locals are pushovers, that we’ll give up the homes meant for us just because the Lord told us to.”

“That’s right. We’ve been living here for several years! Why should we give them the finished houses first? Just because they have wounded people on their side? Then go blame the damn giant snake that attacked their village!”

“The Young Master must have been fooled by those bastards! Those guys should be grateful enough that we’re even allowing them to stay in this town!”

The tension within the air escalated quickly. Anthony was sure that the refugees could hear the curses even from this distance. He nervously glanced towards the large tent. Sure enough, one of the refugees finally had enough of the insults.

“Aren’t you bastards going to shut up?!” snarled the man. His brown beard was bushy, and after coming right in front of the workers that fired insults, his towering height became apparent.

The workers did not get intimated by the man’s glare. They stood up, grabbed some hammers and wooden poles and threateningly surrounded him.

“If you got problems, then stay the fuck out of this town,” said one of the workers. “You mutts should just be grateful that we’re allowing you to stay in this place!”

“That’s right! Go back to your village!”
The workers jeered. A vein popped out of the refugee’s forehead. He turned livid as his entire body trembled in rage. As he was about to punch the nearest worker, a raspy voice echoed.

“Valak!” shouted an elderly man.

Valak stopped his fist and turned around. “Ah, Elder.”

The Elder briskly walked towards him. “What are you doing?! We’ve all agreed to bear with it until Anandra wakes up! Do you think we can afford to camp out in the wilderness when Anandra’s in such a state?! And there’s still the debt we have to pay! We can’t just go without repaying the young Lord for his kindness!”

Valak lowered his head in shame. He was still livid from rage, but his trembling stopped entirely. He snorted, then turned around. “Let’s go, Elder.”

The Elder sighed. “This child…”

The two stopped in their tracks when a familiar voice spoke.

“So, you’ve been waiting for me to wake up?”

Upon looking at the source of the voice, their eyes widened in disbelief. “A-Anandra!”

“What are you… You’re awake! It’s really you, Anandra!”

Valak and the Elder almost hugged the man before them. Unlike before, the strongest warrior’s face was no longer corroded. The skin that were missing before had grown back, fresh and new. His chest was still bandaged, but his handsome face radiated an air of strength and pride. His golden hair and eyes seemed to glimmer beneath the morning sun.

Several kids came running from the tent and surrounded Anandra. “Anandra! You’re finally up!”

“We were so worried!”

“I saw how you fought the basilisk! You were so cool back then!” “Thank you for protecting us!”
Despite the wounds on his body, Anandra bent down and hugged the kids. The sound of laughter filled the air as the refugees celebrated the recovery of their strongest warrior.

Anandra went towards the workers. “I understand where the anger’s coming from. On behalf of the villagers, I’m sorry for taking away the homes you’ve painstakingly built. We’ll be leaving this town soon.”

“Wait Anandra…”

“Elder, I’ve heard the conversations during the time I was recuperating. I have a general idea of what’s happening here during our stay,” said Anandra. “The village is the people. We can still build a new village in the nearby forest. I’m sure the Lord of this town wouldn’t mind—”

“—Rejected.” Silver Claw’s voice made all the workers tense up in reflex.

Behind him was Gaston, the Chief Butler of the Young Master.

“I’ve heard that the friction between the two group’s been escalating recently,” said Gaston. The Butler was obviously displeased by what he saw. “The Young Master specifically told me to quell all discontent while he’s away. I can’t believe that you guys would quarrel over this petty stuff.”

“But the houses—”

“—Were all built using the Young Master’s money!” snarled Gaston. It was the first time they saw the butler so enraged. His fierce glare made them shiver. “You all worked hard in building it, but at the end of the day, the entire town is still under the domain of the Young Master! It is his property! An asset of the Marcus Family!”

Silver Claw nodded at this. “I can understand the source of resentment, but I’m sure you all know this – those houses are not yours. It’s the Young Master’s. Once this part of the town finished its construction, those houses will be given to the locals with a corresponding rent. It’ll not be given for free.”

“We’ve given the houses to the refugees in hopes that their wounded will be able to recover quickly! But what did you do?!” Gaston shook in anger. “You went against the orders of the Lord!”

“But—”
“—A punishment is in order,” said Silver Claw. “I can’t believe these blockheads dare go against the orders of the Young Master.”
Silver Claw have never seen such massive changes in a town within a short span of time. He had been long convinced that the Young Master was a wise ruler despite his age. The Mason was even sure that a few years from now, this town would prosper and become a splendid city.

“No free food for two days.” Silver Claw raised two fingers.

“Three days,” corrected Gaston. His piercing glare made the workers cower. “We can’t let guys like these – those that disobey the rules – be punished lightly. Remember, the food you’re eating for free every day came from the Young Master. The least you could do is obey his orders and help this town prosper!”

Gaston turned to one of the refugees. “Anandra, right? I’m really sorry for the behavior of these men. It’ll take time, but hopefully, you’ll be able to get along with them.”

Anandra slowly said, “Does that mean…”

“Yes.” Gaston nodded. “You are free to stay in this town. We’ll provide you with houses. That’s the order of the Young Master.”

The Elder was momentarily at loss for words. “W-We are grateful, Sir.”

“Ah, but it’s not for free,” said Gaston. “Just like the locals, you’ll have to pay for the rent. But the Young Master’s in need of several workers – men or women. You’ll be able to find a job in no time. And the Young Master specifically wants to hire Anandra for a certain job.”

Anandra and the Elder looked at each other. “A job.”

“Yes,” said Gaston. “Once you’re fully healed, the Young Master wishes to see your skill.”

The eyes of Gaston glimmered for a moment. “If you’re qualified enough, he wishes you to train the soldiers of this town.”


Epilogue


An owl flew through the open window of Zen’s room. It flew around for a moment before landing on the windowsill.

Zen took the letter attached to its leg, grabbed a dried fish and threw it to the owl. It immediately swallowed the fish and looked at Zen with expectant eyes.

“Here.” He threw another one. After the owl finished its second treat, it flapped its wings twice, jumped off the window and flew through the night.

Zen lit the lamp and started reading the letter. As expected, it came from Black Midas, the Assassin Group funded by one of the Dukes.

The message was clear: as one of the assassins based in the Lion City, his task was to infiltrate a town east from here and investigate the noble called Lark Marcus. If given the chance, kill the target.

“Lark Marcus,” mumbled Zen. For a moment, he stood there staring at the name written at the bottom of the letter. He was sure he heard that name before. After some thoughts, he realized the reason why it felt familiar.

It was the name of the noble that went to the Merchants Guild several days ago. The very same noble that struck a deal with Big Mona. Working as a clerk for the Merchants Guild was part of his way of blending into the crowd, so he knew.

If I’m not mistaken, that guy’s leaving the city soon. The leader tasked me to investigate him in the town, but since he’s already here…

Zen deemed that it would be easier to assassinate Lark in the city, since he brought only a handful number of guards with him here. Furthermore, being killed in a city as large as this would make it hard for anyone to pinpoint the culprit. After all, there were many gangs and several syndicates running around the dark streets.

With these in mind, Zen immediately donned a black get up, covered his face with a mask, and grabbed his weapons. After killing the noble, he would probably be forced to leave this city soon, but that did not matter.
Black Midas was his priority. His job as a clerk in the Merchants Guild was simply a façade and secondary.

He should still be in the city. If I’m going to kill him, now’s the perfect time.

Zen jumped out the window and landed softly on the ground. The chilling breeze of the night brushed against him. Although it was late in the evening, several people were walking through the streets – the city was still bustling with life.

Zen activated his magic and erased his presence. Using his skills, he blended with the night. He ran through alleyways and streets, eventually reaching the inn where the young noble was staying at.

There were no guards around and the door was wide open. The attendant on the desk was half asleep when he entered.

The logbook.

Literacy skills were mandatorily taught to all of the assassins of Black Midas. Zen looked through the logbook, searching for the room of Lark Marcus. After finding it, he immediately went up to the third floor and stopped in front of a room. The entire inn was quiet. Everyone was probably asleep.

Zen skillfully unlocked the wooden door and entered the room. It was pitch black, but his trained eyes could see everything clearly. On the bed, a young noble with silver hair was sleeping soundly.

He was young, probably twenty years his junior, but Zen did not feel a single hint of remorse. He would kill him here and fulfill the assignment given to him.

After confirming that the young man sleeping was the same noble that visited the Merchants Guild a few days ago, Zen creeped towards the bed and pulled out his poisoned dagger. He was about to stab him straight at the neck when a voice spoke.

“You’re not among the guys that followed me before,” said the voice. It came directly behind him, as though the owner was speaking directly to his ears. “Who are you?”
Zen stiffened. On reflex, he swung his dagger to the back and struck nothing but air. He looked around and saw no one. He looked at the bed and realized that the young man was gone.

“Answer me.” The voice was ice cold.

A cry almost escaped Zen’s lips when he felt a fist striking his abdomen. He bent in pain and looked around the room. No one was there.
Impossible! How could he, an elite assassin from the Black Midas be unable to detect the presence of his enemy?

Another fist struck him, this time hitting his face. His nose bent and blood spurted out of his lips. Still, he did not falter and remained standing still.

Where is he? Why can’t I see him?!

“Damn it,” spat Zen. He started activating his magic. A small magic circle glowed underneath his feet and runes span around. The symbols broke into numerous particles of light and his entire body started to become covered with lightning.

“My room’s going to burn if you do that,” said the voice.

To Zen’s surprise, the magic that covered his entire body started dissipating.

My magic’s almost complete! It failed?!

Zen’s eyes widened when he realized that it was forcefully disrupted by the owner of the voice. But that’s absurd! Impossible! Only those with the rank of Royal Court Magicians were capable of such feat!

Shivers slowly crawled down his spine.

The leader of Black Midas told him that several assassins would be sent here soon, and his job was to get as much information about the noble until the time they arrived. He should have waited for them. He should have not acted so rashly. If he had known that the supposedly incompetent son of Duke Drakus was such a monster, he would have taken this slowly and carefully.

The temperature in the room suddenly dropped. Zen could not move. Looking below, he realized that half his body was already encased in ice, along with both of his hands.
The owner of the voice was still nowhere to be found.

“Not going to talk, huh?” said the voice. “Reading through your memories might not give me what I want. It’s random, fragmented info, after all.”

A cold hand grabbed his face. Zen felt the murderous intent behind it. He wanted to scream but no voice came out.

“Even tough guys like you will eventually speak once broken.” Pain shot through Zen’s entire body. He clenched his teeth as his entire body trembled from the excruciating pain. Tears streamed down his eyes as muffled groans escaped his lips.

“Let’s see the extent of your loyalty, shall we?” The voice was cold and piercing.

Zen screamed but no voice came out.


***


The “interrogation” consumed almost the entire Mana Pool of Lark. Surprisingly, it took him almost an hour before the man eventually decided to speak. He was half-dead by then, begging Lark to kill him.

Contrary to his initial speculations, the man was not sent by Big Mona. According to the assassin, he was part of a criminal group called Black Midas – an association owned by one of the three Dukes. He received an order from their leader to investigate him, and if given the chance, kill him.

But what surprised Lark the most was the motive behind it. It was not for ransom or gold, but due to something else —

– The competition for the throne.

According to the assassin, four year from now, the King would choose his successor among the sons of the three Dukes. As the second son of Lord Drakus, he was among the candidates for the throne.

So, my brother’s the strongest candidate right now and they’re hoping to use me bring him down.
Lark smiled wryly. Who would have known that such drama was going around while he was busy developing the town? Things have suddenly taken an interesting turn.

He chuckled.

“A King?” Lark looked out the open window. “I don’t really care about that. But if they’re going to come and attack me…”

His eyes were predatory.

Lark decided to crush anyone who would dare take his life or harm his town.

Afterword




Thank you for reading Legend of the Arch Magus! Please take the time to go to its Amazon page and leave a review. I’ll need at least 50 reviews before the system of Amazon promotes my work. Kindly help me on this part.


You can read the drafts here: www.patreon.com/crazyblackchili

Be warned that the chapters posted there are drafts, unproofread versions. If you are a grammar nazi, I advise against reading it on that page.

The next book will focus on the Legion of the United Grakas Alliance (15,000 strong army) versus Blackstone Town. Again, if you like my work, please leave a review. It’ll greatly motivate me to work faster.


Thank you!



Prologue

A month passed since Mikael left the Capital. The caravan moved through cities, towns and villages, trading goods every now and then. Numerous illegal transactions – from sex slaves, weapons to drugs – unfolded before his eyes, but he chose to shut his mouth. Mikael merely watched and recorded everything in his mind. After all, his objective this time was to assess Lark Marcus, one of the twenty-eight candidates for the throne. These illegalities could be reported later.

Elaine must have given birth to my grandchild by now. The Healer said it’s a boy, so Bernard.

It was a pity that he could not be there during the time his grandson was born. And to make things worse, this mission would probably take several years, probably until the King decided who would ascend the throne. By the time Mikael was finally freed of his duty, the child would have grown up considerably.

I’ll make it up to them once I return. I promise.

Mikael vowed within his mind. He opened the locket on his hand, looked at the hand-drawn portrait inside, and closed his eyes. He missed his family so much.

“For a serf, that’s a pretty expensive-looking locket.”

Mikael opened his eyes and saw Big Bun, the leader of the caravan, looking at him. He closed the locket and smiled. “A family heirloom. This is my treasure.”

It was not a lie. Even serfs like him would sometimes carry an expensive item like that.

Big Bun bobbed his head. “Take care of it. Once you’ve arrived at the town, you’ll no longer be under the protection of this caravan.”

“Of course,” said Mikael. “Thank you.”

“We’ll arrive at the Lion City in a day or two. Get ready.” Big Bun squinted as he looked at the distance. “We’ll be passing through that place soon.”
His word felt ominous, and Mikael eventually saw the reason why.
After exiting the forest, the caravan soon passed by a lake. It was large, probably two times the size of the entire capital. Mikael remembered what this lake was.

The Lake of the Full Moon.

This lake was famous for its peculiar character. All throughout the month, this lake was relatively peaceful, safe enough even for kids and fishermen to swim through. But during a full moon, things take a drastic turn.

Monsters would come out of the lake and attack everything within its vicinity. Records said that although the monsters were weak, they come out in droves, their numbers enough to rival that of several armies.

Mikael looked up. It was almost dusk. Judging by their speed, they would have to camp near the lake in the middle of the night. It was a dangerous move. Mikael could not understand why the merchants would choose to do that.

Big Bun seemed to have read his mind. “There’s a garrison nearby. The Lord of the Lion City created it originally to deal with bandits, but it could be used as a safe haven during this time. My brother’s a sponsor. We’ll be free to stay there during the night.”

Mikael doubted if that stronghold could withstand the onslaught of monsters, but since this merchant have full confidence on it, he had no choice but to concede. Right now, he was a mere serf, after all. He had no power to alter the caravan’s direction. If worse comes to worst, he could just escape by himself and go to the Lion City.

By evening, their caravan reached the garrison. It was a small village with wooden walls, with a watchtower overlooking the surrounding regions.

“Ah, Big Bun! We’re expecting you! Just in time!” A middle-aged man wearing light armor greeted our group. “Come in! We’ve already prepared a sumptuous feast!”

So it’s true. It seems that the brother of Big Bun’s a bigshot sponsoring the military.

Mikael took note of this one.
There were around a hundred soldiers in the garrison. Everyone was well-equipped, from leather armors, iron swords, and stout shields. Numerous archers stood on the watch tower, their quivers placed on their backs.

Although this army was decent enough to drive away bandits, Mikael doubted if it would be strong enough to hold back the monsters that would come out of the lake. Mikael soon found the answer to his question.

“So this is the Myonite, huh?” Big Bun touched the large red crystal at the center of the stronghold. It was about a fist in size, with numerous purple particles moving inside.

The leader of the soldiers grinned proudly. “That’s right. As long as this crystal’s here, this place’s safe. Those monsters are afraid of that thing. They won’t even come close to this place.”

Mikael learned that the red gem was the crystallized blood of a Red Galparus Snake – one of the peak predators in seas and oceans. Creatures living in water naturally avoided the scent of such monster, making the crystallized blood a perfect deterrent from the waves of monsters coming out of the lake during the full moon.

According to history, there used to be a city next to this lake, but the monsters that came out of the water burned it down to the ground. This was something that happened several hundreds of years ago, and according to records, the survivors of that city were the ones who built the Lion City.

Mikael was glad that the lessons he took during his training as a knight was proving useful during these times.

The merchants started eating the prepared feast. Laughter filled the air as the soldiers joined in. Mikael looked at the direction of the cages, particularly at the beastmen locked up inside. They were all naked and were given nothing but water and bread.

Mikael sighed. He did not feel sympathy for them, but he did not feel hatred either. Once they’ve arrived at the Lion City, those guys would probably become toys for the Lord. A pathetic ending to a pathetic life.

The bell of the watchtower rang, signaling that the monsters have started coming out of the lake one by one. But surprisingly, the soldiers were calm.
Mikael quietly left the banquet and stealthily went on top of the walls. He was stunned momentarily of what he saw. A good distance away from them, the lake glimmered from the moonlight. Numerous shadows moved on top of it, their soft screeching sounds heard even from here. Mikael estimated that there were over ten thousand of them, probably more.

If those guys attacked this place, the wooden walls would collapse in a matter of seconds.

Why do these monsters come out only during the full moon? On normal days, the lake was relatively peaceful, safe enough even for civilians to swim through. Where did the monsters come from? At the deepest parts of the lake? But records stated that those who swam underneath the lake during a moonless night failed to find anything inside.

Such questions ran through Mikael’s mind. A howling sound was heard.

Mikael amplified his eyesight using magic.

A wolf? No… That’s…

What he saw standing on top of the lake surrounded by numerous monsters was a humanoid creature resembling a wolf. Its silver fur glimmered underneath the moonlight. It was beautiful, and for a moment, Mikael was at a loss for words.

As he was staring at the creature, his eyesight still amplified with magic, the humanoid creature turned towards his direction. Its red eyes locked with his.

And it grinned.

Mikael shivered. He was sure that the creature noticed him.

It lifted a finger, pointing it at the stronghold. One after another, monsters started walking towards the stronghold, their screeching sounds louder than before.

The bell of the watchtower rang a different tune. Mikael was sure that the watchers noticed something was wrong. A shout reverberated.
“T-The monsters! The monsters are coming this way! Thousands of them!”

The rowdy crowd became silent. The previous laughter from before vanished entirely. Everyone stiffened.
“I-Impossible! We’ve been stationed in this place for over a year already!” The voice of the captain was hysterical. “As long as the Myonite is with us, those monsters wouldn’t dare attack!”

“But sir!”

The Captain climbed the watchtower. After seeing the monsters with his very own eyes, he was struck speechless. His jaw hanged open.
A howling sound was heard beyond.

The monsters started charging head-on.

Chapter One

After staying at the Lion City for a week, Lark finally returned to Blackstone Town. He was immediately greeted by Gaston and Captain Qarat.

The old butler showed him a familiar letter, the one given to the village Elder. “Young Master, as you’ve instructed, we allocated several houses for the refugees. Currently, they’re staying at the Eastern Border of the town.”

Lark listened to the reports of the butler regarding the refugees from Gahelpa Village. “So, Anandra’s woken up.” He did not expect the warrior to recover this soon. “Gaston, good job in quelling the discontent of the locals. We need those villagers to stay in this town. We need all the manpower we could get.”

If one looked at a broader perspective, the domain of Lark was actually vast, probably comparable to that of a county. Just the northern and western regions of Blackstone Town alone were enough to create a large city. If they included the Endless Forest, the overall territory would be several times greater. The only thing limiting the growth of his domain right now were the people. Lark needed manpower – as much of it as possible.

“Ah, also…” Gaston paused for a moment, a bit unsure of what to say. “I’ve received a report regarding three unknown hooded figures before. A lot of people saw them, those guys wearing full plate armors.”

Lark realized that the butler was pertaining to the ‘guardians’ of Blackstone Town. He waved a hand and dismissed the doubts. “It’s fine. I know those guys. Rest assured, they mean no harm to this town.”

The butler was obviously not fully convinced, but he simply nodded regardless.

“I’ve sold the kalranes and herbs at the Lion City,” said Lark. He pointed at the carts parked near the Mansion. “In accordance to the agreement with the Merchants Guild, the first batch of merchants will come here a week from now. Be sure to gather several barrels of kalranes by then.”

“Understood!” The butler bowed his head.
A servant approached them. “Young Master, some of the refugees from Gahelpa Village wishes to meet you.”

Lark looked at the direction of the gate and saw several familiar figures standing outside. He nodded at the servant and went out.

“Elder,” greeted Lark the moment he stepped out of the gate. “It’s been almost half a month.”

The Elder smiled softly. Beside him was a tall man with golden hair. “Yes. We’re really grateful for the benevolence of the Young Master.” He gently tapped the shoulder of the man beside him. “This here is Anandra, the warrior you treated back in the village.”

Lark’s conjecture was right. It was indeed the warrior on the verge of death before.

Anandra bowed his head deeply. He said with a deep but clear voice, “I heard from the Elder about the things you’ve done for us, for the village.” He looked at Lark straight in the eyes. “Thank you. For saving my life, for saving the village, thank you.”

The words spouted by the village’s strongest warrior was filled with heartfelt sincerity. Lark smiled broadly. “It’s fine. Isn’t it normal for people to help each other out?” He chuckled, “And it’s not like I’m not going to benefit from saving you guys.”

Lark spread out his arms. “I’ll be blunt. I need people. I want all of you to stay here in Blackstone Town.”

After finding out that he was among the candidates for the throne, Lark immediately planned on further strengthening the military might of his territory. He knew human nature very well. Sooner or later, enemies aiming for his life would come. They would attempt to weed him out of the competition. He couldn’t really care less about the throne, but if they were going to come after his life, he would fight back. That was his resolve.

To his glee, the Elder and Anandra immediately agreed.

“If that’s the wish of our savior, we – the entire village – wholeheartedly agree,” said the Elder. “There are several strong men in our village and the
women are also skilled in different crafts. You’ll find them useful for this town.”

“I’ve heard from Sir Gaston that you wish for me to train the soldiers,” said Anandra.

“Ah, that’s right.” He scrutinized the body of Anandra. Several bandages were already removed, excluding the chest’s. “I need to test your skills first, but we’ll do that only once your wounds have healed.”

Now that he had taken a closer look, there was something odd about this warrior called Anandra. Lark could not feel the flow of mana within his body, something easily apparent in magicians.

But if he was unable to use magic, how did he drive away the basilisk before? It was the question that ran through his mind as he stared at the warrior.

After discussing several more things about the town with the Elder, Lark went towards the Easter Border, where the Mason was currently at. The workers cheered upon seeing the Young Master, while several children ran up to him and surrounded him.

“The Young Master’s back!”

“Young Master! Play with us!”

“He came from that big city, right?”

“Ah, Young Master, I’m really sorry!” One of the mothers apologized. She pulled away one of the kids that hugged Lark tight.

Lark chuckled. “It’s alright.” He patted one of the kid’s head, ruffling his hair with mischievous strokes.

Looking around, several houses have been finished, a pace previously impossible without the introduction of cement. Lark was glad that the construction project was proceeding at a relatively good speed.
Silver Claw ran to him. “Ah, Young Lord.” He was panting, his face and shirt smeared with dirt. “You could have just summoned me to the Mansion. There’s no need to go all the way to the Easter Border just to see me.”
Lark waved a hand. “It’s fine. I also want to see the state of things in this town.”

The kids surrounding him dispersed upon seeing the Mason.

“The Mason is here!”

“Papa said he once ripped a wolf open with his bare hands! Run!”

The kids ran back to their mothers. The construction workers laughed at this.

Silver Claw glared at his men. “You rascals! What were you telling these children?!”

Ever since Lark started implementing several projects in the town, the Mason immediately became the busiest person around. As one of the locals with the most authority, he made sure to uphold the laws and quell all sorts of trouble with his men. This eventually gave him the image of an officer with an iron fist, a tyrant that would not tolerate anyone slacking during work.

Although the locals admired and respect him, they also greatly feared him.

Silver Claw sighed upon seeing the wary looks of the children. He said to the Young Master, “What could I do for you this time, Sir?”

Lark was clearly amused of the state of things. “I want you to create several wooden posts for me. Four meters tall, with space at the top for kalrane stones.”

“Wooden posts,” repeated the Mason. He had come to learn not to question the directives of the Young Master. After all, the Lord of this Town was wise. This was the conclusion he arrived to after several months.

“We’ll be installing them at the intersections, near the main street. Once the construction of the main road’s finished, it’ll be relatively safe and easy for the residents to walk outside during the night.”

Lark further explained to the Mason that they would be installing kalrane stones at the top of the wooden posts. During the day, the gemstone would gather energy from the sun. During the night, it would light up, illuminating the streets and the areas nearby.”
Silver Claw wanted to ask if kalranes were really capable of emitting light for more than a dozen hours, but decided against it. He questioned the authenticity of cement and the farming tools before, and it turned out that the Young Master was right. He decided to simply trust his Lord this time.

“As you wish,” said Silver Claw. “Does this invention have a name?”

Since kalranes were relatively expensive, only nobles make use of it. And he never heard anyone using it as a source of street light before.
“Name, huh?” Lark never really thought of it. It was, after all, a relatively simple item which could hardly be called an invention. “How about Sun Lamp?”

Lark could already see it. Blackstone Town illuminated by kalranes at night.

Chapter Two

Pico brushed off the sweat on his forehead using the palm of his hand. Working on the poultry farm was arduous, since he had to take care of hundreds of chickens. Peeping sounds filled the air as the younglings pecked the ground, eating soil, worms, and insects every now and then.

At first, Pico was hesitant of planting the Loi plants in this farm, since those things were known to attract pests. But after heeding the advice of the Young Master and incorporating the plants into his farm, he was stunned by the results.

The Loi plants indeed attracted insects, even large ones, but those pests simply became prey for the hundreds of chickens roaming around freely in the poultry farm. Of course, Pico would still need to supplement it with lentils obtained from the Mansion.

Near the first coop, several others were being built by the workers. The speed had slowed down considerably since the production of cement couldn’t keep up with the rate of the town’s development, but the speed was still far greater than those in the cities.

As Pico was feeding the chicks, two carts stopped right at the fence’s entrance. He stiffened when he saw the Young Master come out of it.

Immediately, he wiped his face with a towel and dried his sweat-filled hands. He ran and went out of the fence, and while panting, greeted the Lord of Blackstone Town. “Young Master! I didn’t know that you’ve returned already!”

Had he known that the Young Master was coming, he would have prepared at least some refreshments and a seat.

Lark waved a hand. “It’s fine.” He looked around, eyes inspecting the coops and the chickens roaming around. He nodded. “It seems that the poultry farm’s doing well. Good job.”

Pico felt proud after hearing that. He pushed his chest out and broadly smiled. It was a really refreshing feeling.

Bleating sounds were heard. Upon looking, Pico saw some servants pulling tethered goats out of the second cart. There were exactly eight of them.
“Two males, six females,” said the Young Master. “I know you already have your hands full with managing this farm, but I want you to take care of these guys. In the future, once I’ve secured the treasury, I’ll buy several more.”

Taking care of goats was a fairly easy task, especially since there was a vast field of grass in this area. Furthermore, they produce a lot of milk per day. As the one managing this farm, surely, it wouldn’t hurt to taste goat milk every now and then. Pico tried concealing his excitement after this thought.
“I’ll do my best, Sir!” Pico was enthusiastic.

Lark liked the eagerness within his voice. “About the Loi Plants.” The Young Master entered the fence and was immediately surrounded by numerous chicks. Before Pico could protest that there was no need for the young Lord to personally enter the coop, Lark had already arrived at the barricaded area where the Loi Plants grew.

“Only a few of them have grown fruits,” he said. He plucked out a fruit, about the size of a pebble. “It’ll take probably a month more before we’ll be able to produce enough Umami Salt.”

After plucking out a handful number of fruits, Lark said, “Pico, have you tasted these fruits before?”

Pico shook his head. “I’m afraid not, Young Master.”

Lark peeled open one of them and handed it to him. “Try it.”

A bit hesitant, Pico put the fruit inside his mouth. He cringed as the bitter-sour taste permeated his mouth. He coughed and spat the fruit out. Even the innumerable chicks around refused to touch the fruit fallen on the ground.
“Nasty, isn’t it?” chuckled Lark.

He handed the rest of the fruits to the still cringing Pico. “Peel them off, then soak them overnight in water. After that, take the fruits and dry them out under the sun. You’ll be surprised of how delicious it’ll become after that.”

Pico stared at the Young Master in disbelief. Tasty? These fruits tasted horrible! He would not eat a single one of them even if he was offered a month’s worth of his salary.
“After drying them… are you going to… ask me to eat them again, Sir?” Pico shivered upon the thought.

Lark amusedly looked at him. “Of course.”

Pico remembered the nasty taste. His stomach churned and he resisted the urge to vomit.

“But, Young Master!” Pico’s voice was hysterical, pleading.

“It’s fine. I’ll eat them together with you.” Lark tapped his shoulder. “Just do what I say. The reason why no one knew of Umami Salt until now’s probably due to the lack of knowledge on how to remove the bitter taste of these fruits. Believe me, once you’ve tasted Umami Salt, every other food will turn bland in an instant.”

Pico shuddered but nodded regardless. “Yes.”

“I’ll be back here tomorrow, at the same time,” said Lark. “Be sure to have the fruits ready by then.”

After the Young Master left, despite his reluctance, Pico soaked the peeled fruits in water. According to the Young Master, he needed to do this overnight then dry them under the sun afterwards.

An entire day passed. True to his word, Lark came back to the poultry farm at the exact same hour. This time, he came here alone, without any servants or guards.

“Did you dry them up?” said Lark.

Pico nodded. “I did everything as you’ve instructed.” He showed Lark the fruits dried during the morning.

Lark took one of them and, without hesitation, threw it inside his mouth. Pico was momentarily taken aback. He remembered the nasty taste as he grimaced.

Pico was expecting the Young Master to cringe, belch and puke on the ground. But instead, the Young Master delightfully chewed the fruit and swallowed.

“It’s been a long time since I’ve eaten this stuff,” said Lark. “Now, you try it.”
Was the Young Master playing with him? Pico was not sure. But since the Young Master himself ate the fruit, he had no choice but to comply.
With trembling fingers and ready to vomit any time, Pico slowly placed a fruit on his mouth.

“Wha—”

A surprised voice escaped Pico’s lips.

The abhorrent taste was gone!

Instead, there was an indescribably good taste in the fruit that made his body beg for more. It was neither salty nor sweet, but a different taste entirely.

If he was asked, he would say that the closest taste would be probably the word “meaty.” It was as though he was eating meat grilled to utter perfection, soaked with several herbs and spices.

This taste was simply phenomenal!

Without him noticing it, Pico actually ate all the remaining fruits.

“How’s it?” Lark was almost laughing after seeing the stunned expression of Pico. “Tasty, isn’t it?”

Still overwhelmed by the unexpected taste of the Loi fruit, Pico simply nodded.

“The first batch of merchants will be coming here soon. I’ve ordered several Loi plants from the Merchant’s Guild. They’re fairly cheap, since the people in this Kingdom do not really have a use for it.” Lark looked at the coop being constructed nearby. “Same as before. Plant them in the coops. We’ll use them to attract insects which will serve as food for the poultry, then use the fruits to make Umami Salt.”

It was hitting two birds with one stone.

“But this time, after drying the fruits, I want you to grind them into smaller pieces,” said Lark. “I’ll provide you with an equipment for that.”

“From now on, aside from Kalranes, we shall export Umami Salt to the Kingdom.”
Although the amount of salt they would be able to produce was not much, just the taste alone would be enough to make great impact in the entire Kingdom. The salt itself might even become more popular than Kalranes in the near future.

Lark smiled at this thought.

Chapter Three

A week quickly passed. It was finally time for the first batch of merchants to arrive at Blackstone Town.

Pancho, an upstart merchant from the Lion City, was tasked with the first haul. Under the orders of Big Mona, he travelled from the Lion City towards this place, just to get the second batch of Kalrane stones. It was a relatively simple task, since the deal itself had been made, the prices and quantities of goods have been decided, and all he needed to do was deliver.

Accompanied by some servants, he made his way towards Blackstone Town. He momentarily stared in surprise upon seeing it up close. It was not like this two years ago, when he last visited.

The most notable change was the main road. Unlike the muddy, uneven road before, the road stretching through the heart of the town was cobbled. The carriages hardly wobbled as it passed through. Pancho was sure that even if it rained, it wouldn’t be muddy at all. The entire road itself was not yet fully finished, but judging by the number of workers working on it, it would only be a matter of time before its completion.

Roads represented the transportation ability of a region. Thus, it represented its power of commerce. Whoever implemented the reformation of this road knew what he was doing. From the main road, numerous streets branched out into different directions.

As he went deeper in the town, the more stunned Pancho became. This was supposed to be a ghost town, a region abandoned by the Kingdom. Since the Black Famine struck the Kingdom of Lukas last harvest season, food became a luxury. Even nobilities had to cut off rations for their personal armies.

Pancho expected the residents to be lifeless, to be skin and bones, but reality gave him a different picture. On the contrary, the locals were walking with purpose, their gait filled with life. Several of them would stare at his group, before going about their own way, doing their everyday tasks.

He could see children playing on the streets, their laughter creating mellifluous background.
His mind still filled with various thoughts and questions, he finally arrived at the Mansion. There, he was immediately greeted by the servants.

“Ah, the Young Master has been expecting you!” said one of them. He bowed, looked around, then scratched his cheeks. “But the Young Master and Sir Gaston have left for the northern farmlands about an hour ago.”

“Is that so?” Pancho did not really mind. Personally, he wanted to take a tour of this town. This would be the perfect excuse for that. “Then, could you lead me there?”

“It’s a bit far from here,” said the servant. “But if Sir Merchant doesn’t mind, this servant will lead you to where the Young Lord is.”

Accompanied by the servant, Pancho and his men headed towards the northern farmlands. According to Big Mona the land around Blackstone Town was barren, non-arable, and it was the same reason why merchants seldom visit this place at all, since the town had nothing to offer.

Several roads were under construction, and they had no choice but to pass through the Eastern Border before heading towards the northern region. Along the way, Pancho saw a peculiar sight. Dozens of workers were constructing houses. The sound of hammer striking stone and wood filled the air. Several houses were being built here and there.

Strange. Why do the houses look… similar?

Pancho immediately noticed this peculiarity. The two-story stone houses were all built with the same design, with uniform spaces between each other. Every now and then, in between intersections, a wooden post was seen erected. Pancho was not sure what it was, but looking up, he could see a tiny crystal installed above.

A group of men wearing leather armors passed by. They were all holding spears, their movements uniform and steady.

“Soldiers?” mumbled Pancho.

The servant from the Mansion nodded. “Blackstone Soldiers, Sir. Personally formed by the Young Master himself!”

There were probably enough soldiers to form a platoon or two. For a personal army of a Lord of a small town, the number was quite high.
Furthermore, everyone was well equipped, with a full set armor each. Judging by their movements, those guys have undergone a certain degree of training.

Pancho could not understand why the Lord of this town needed to train so many soldiers, when monsters and bandits rarely attack this area.

And what the hell is going on with the construction? It’s like the Lord’s trying to renovate the entire town!

Pancho could simply imagine the amount of gold being used left and right for these developments. Even a Baron would have a hard time providing for such finances.

Soon, their group arrived at the northern farmlands. Pancho was at loss for words at what he saw.

Spread out into the distance was a vast land plowed numerous times. Numerous wheats have already been planted, creating a beautiful shade of brown and green. Pancho noticed the water canal that spread through the northern farmland. Upon tracing its origin, he realized that it came from the forest beyond, probably connected to a river in that area.

Pancho quickly realized that advantages and benefits of this ingenious device! With this, the farmers would not have a hard time watering the fields, and the risk of the crops dying during a drought would be reduced somehow.

“A watering device,” said Pancho. “I’ve got to report this to Big Mona.”

He was sure that the fat merchant would be extremely interested with this find. As he was wondering of the peculiar things he saw in his short visit, something else caught his eyes. It was a device with a large tube in front, resembling a bicycle. The person riding on top would grip the handles, move the pedal, and the device would plow the ground.

Pancho realized that those things were the reason behind the uniformly plowed land spread in all directions. This area was really vast, but for despite the lack of manpower, the farmers were able to plow the land.

A young man with silver hair approached their group. The carriages halted to a stop. Upon stepping out of the cart, Pancho was greeted by the young
man’s smile.

“The Merchant from the Guild, I suppose?” The young man was grinning.

Pancho nodded. “Pancho, representative of the Merchants Guild. I went to the Mansion but the Young Lord is no longer there. I’m here to meet the Lord of this domain.”

The young man spread out his hands. “Lark Marcus, Lord of Blackstone Town.” Despite the young age, this noble exuded the air of a ruler. “Had you notified us beforehand, we could have prepared at least some refreshments.” He looked at the carts. “The kalranes are currently stored in the warehouse near the mining area.”

For some reason, Pancho did not really care about that. He could simply get them later. His thoughts were currently occupied by those things he saw – those tools used to plow these fields.

He pointed at them. “Those things. What are they?”

Lark looked at the direction he was pointing at. “Ah, plowing devices. The northern region’s vast, so I created those things for my men.”

“Plowing devices. I know that,” said Pancho. “But how could those men move that thing?”

Judging by the size and shape of the device, it would take great strength to make the wheels in front rotate and plow through the land.

Seeing the curious stare of the merchant, Lark chuckled. He playfully said, “I can’t tell you that. It’s a trade secret. But if Big Mona himself comes here and asks me, then maybe I’ll consider disclosing the mechanisms.”

Normally, those words would be considered haughty, but Pancho could not help but see the ingenuity behind those devices. He was sure that had Big Mona seen them, he would be also be gawking right now.

“Ah, that’s right,” said Lark. He took out a small pouch and handed it to the Merchant. “Just in time. We’ve finally finished the first batch of this product.”

Pancho opened the pouch and stared at what was inside.

“Salt?” he said.
“Umami Salt,” corrected Lark. “Give that to Big Mona. Tell him that aside from kalranes, we could also provide him that. Of course, it needs to be at a competent price. It’s a limited resource, after all.”

It’s just salt, was what Pancho thought. He could not see the merit of actually selling such a common thing. Although the price of salt had been rising lately, it was not like there was shortage of it.

He scooped out a speck of it and placed it on his tongue.

His entire body shivered. What was this taste? He had never tasted something as delicious as this before!

He noticed that the young Lord was grinning at him, his eyes dancing with glee.

“How’s it?” said Lark. “Delicious isn’t it?”

Chapter Four

[Lion City]

“Still no response from Zen?” said Alfonse, the leader of Blood Tachi, one of the nine divisions of Black Midas. Along with a dozen other assassins, their figures blurred through the night. They moved through alleyways and streets, unnoticed by the passersby.

One of his subordinates shook his head. “None, Sir.”

Several days ago, they suddenly lost contact with the assassin stationed in Lion City. Although Zen was not among the elites of Black Midas, he was still part of the reconnaissance group. Each of their members specialized in concealment magic and escape. If Zen was really dead just like they speculated, then there must have been a noteworthy opponent. Someone skilled enough to catch and kill an assassin specialized in concealment magic.

Upon entering Lion City, Zen should have contacted them by now. As moments passed, their suspicions intensified.

Blood Tachi first visited Zen’s house, which was located in the Commoners District. After searching around, they saw the encrypted message sent directly by the leader of Black Midas. This meant that Zen received their message.

Although the room was neat, dust have already started forming on the windowsill. It must have been at least several days since Zen left this place.

“He probably went ahead and kicked the bucket,” spat one of the assassins. “That idiot.”

“This is why the Reconnaissance Division is trash. They can’t even wait for us to arrive,” said another. “Stupid bunch.”

“Enough,” said Alfonse. Just like the other members of the group, he was clad in pure black, revealing nothing but his crimson eyes. “Seth. Could you track where he went?”

A female voice replied, “Sure, sure.”
The female assassin took out a small vial filled with strands of hair. She chanted her magic and a small hexagram glowed under her feet. She pulled out the strands of hair and scattered it around the magic circle. After a long time, the magic circle broke into numerous particles of light. A small sparrow made of light manifested itself before them.

“Guide us there,” Seth said to the sparrow.

The sparrow flew around the room, before flying through the window. The members of Blood Tachi quickly followed.

To the assassins’ surprise, the sparrow led them to a nearby place. A rundown inn near the Middle District. They discreetly entered and went towards a room at the second floor.

“Nothing’s here,” said Alfonse. The room was tidy, with a small bed and a wooden table near the window.

“Strange,” mumbled Seth. “My Tracking Magic never failed me before.” But just like their leader said, there was nothing here.

“Who are you people?” said a trembling voice. Upon looking at the door, the inn keeper stood, agape, as he held a lamp in his hand.

Alfonse nodded at his subordinates. On cue, the assassins struck the inn keeper to the ground. The old man coughed twice as he struggled to get up. “What are you doi—”

A cloth was stuffed inside his mouth.

“Old man.” Alfonse crouched and stared at him straight in the eyes. “Did someone die here, several days ago?”

Unable to speak, the old man shook his head.

Alfonse looked at Seth. If the inn keeper did not see a corpse, they why did the tracking magic pointed here? It did not make sense.

“He’s probably lying,” said Seth. It was the only possible explanation. “Listen, Gramps. I’m going to remove your gag, but if you shout, I’ll kill you.”

She removed the cloth stuffed inside the old man’s mouth. “Now, I’ll repeat the Leader’s question. Did someone die here?”
She took out a dagger. Upon seeing this, the old man shivered and stuttered, “I r-really d-don’t know! No one died here! I swear to the Gods!”
They were at a dead end. They could clearly see that this old man was not lying.

Seth looked at the sparrow sitting on top of the bed. Why did it lead them to this place?

“Leader, look at this.” One of the assassins came inside the room, holding a logbook. “I looked through the lists of guests in this inn. And look at what I’ve found.”

Alfonse looked at the name his men pointed at. He creased his brows as he read the name out loud, “Lark Marcus.”

He did not expect the name of their target to pop out here, at this place. For a moment, Alfonse stood there, contemplating.

He realized the reason why the sparrow led them to this place. Looking at Seth, it seemed that she also arrived at the same conclusion.
“Zen is dead,” she said.

Alfonse nodded. “Change of plans. We shall go directly to Blackstone Town.”

“Understood,” replied his men.

“Heard that, old man?” Seth giggled. “We no longer need you. Bye bye!”

She covered the mouth of the old man and struck his neck with a dagger.

Blood spurted out, the body twitched, and she chuckled.

What kind of man was this so-called Lark Marcus? He killed Zen and even completely concealed the dead body. Just thinking of this made Seth shiver in ecstasy.

She could not wait for that moment when her dagger pierces his flesh.

Chapter Five

Lark played with the pebble-size magic stone he held in his hand. Aside from the small, almost inconspicuous silver dusts flowing inside, the stone looked ordinary, just like the rocks seen on cobbled roads.

Twenty gold coins. The price of this low-grade magic stone was ridiculously high. Although the treasury was close to drying up during that time, Lark decided to buy this to accelerate the growth of his mana pool. This was a decision he came to after learning of the competition for the throne from the assassin.

If people were going to come for his life, he might as well increase the pace of his training. He needed to expand his mana pool soon, at least to a very small percentage of that of his previous life.

Lark locked his door, sat cross-legged on the ground and swallowed the magic stone. According to the merchant he bought the stone from, the method of using magic stones in this world were different. The users do not swallow the stones. Rather, they pulverize it and use it to form magic circles, and by performing incantations, absorb the essence that would flow out of it. Such method was also viable, but to Lark, it would be a waste of such precious resource. Swallowing a magic stone carried the risk of magic overdrive, which could potentially kill the user. According to the merchant, the cases of magic overdrive after swallowing magic stones were so high that it became taboo to even attempt it.

Lark could feel the magic stone disintegrating inside his body. Although the grade of this stone was low, the magic essence contained inside was still large enough for his current shell. After all, his new body have the mana pool of an average individual.

He closed his eyes and breathed slowly. Using his own mana, he suppressed the magic essence from flowing out haphazardly to random directions.
Suppress it. Condense it. Make it all flow to the five cardinal points. This was the basic teaching in the Magic Empire.

Although the method used in this world was feasible, the absorption rate was really low. The essence absorbed by the user would only be a small
portion of what was really contained in the mana stone.

This thing’s worth 20 gold coins. Might as well consume everything, till the last drop.

After several hours, Lark finally finished absorbing the essence inside the Mana Stone. It was gradual, but he could already feel that his mana pool had expanded somewhat.

He looked out the window. It was already noon.

“Time for body training.” After stretching, Lark took a couple of body weights he crafted himself and wrapped it around his abdomen, wrists, and feet.

Although magic would greatly determine the outcome of every battle, Lark firmly believed in the necessity of training the physical body. A strong body would be able to endure fiercer rebounds of using large amounts of mana, enabling the caster to perform consecutive spells without worrying greatly about the after effects.

“Going out again to train?” said Gaston after seeing the Young Master at the hall.

Lark nodded. “I’m going to check the Mines while I’m at it.”

“Then, please take this with you, Young Master.” The butler handed him a packed lunch wrapped in cloth. “Roasted boar meat and dried fish.”
Lark smiled. This had been the routine ever since he started his body training. “Thank you.”

After leaving the Mansion, Lark started jogging towards the Eastern part of the Endless Forest, the area where the Mine was located. Along the way, he was greeted by the locals.

“Ah, good morning, Young Master!”

“Young Lord! The wheat porridge last night was really great!” “It’s the Young Master!”

Lark had been popular lately, a stark contrast to his reputation several months ago. He could feel that slowly, he was being accepted by the citizens as their Lord.
As expected of the Umami Salt. It made even the commoners wheat delicious.

Last night, he asked the chefs to add some Umami Salt to the free porridge given out to the locals. This instantly created an uproar after the citizens tasted the previously bland food. There were several remarks of how they never tasted something so delicious before.

Wait. They’re not going to expect the free porridge to be that delicious every time, right?

Umami Salt was a limited resource right now, since there were not much Loi plants to produce them.

I’ll just tell Gaston to announce that that was a one-time thing only. They will have to make do with the commoner’s wheat until we the harvest.

Once harvest season came, this town’s food supply would reach a surplus.

He was sure of it. Lark even planned on exporting wheat to the other cities.

As Lark was passing through the Eastern Border, a man with gold hair stood right in middle of the road, stopping Lark in his tracks.

“Anandra.” Lark recalled the name of the man in front of him. The bandages were no longer there, and his skin glowed as though the injuries from the basilisk were a lie. This was probably the effect of being healed, fed and clothed, Lark thought.

Anandra bowed his head. “I hope you’ll forgive my insolence. But if this is a good time, can you test my skills now?” Anandra peeked at him. “The butler told me that you wish for me to train the soldiers. There’s no job more fitting than that for me. Furthermore, my master will be you, our village’s savior.”

This was one of the things he liked the most from the guys from Gahelpa Village. These men valued honor above all.

The other villagers currently living in the Eastern Border curiously looked at them. They probably knew what the conversation was about, considering their expressions.

“Some of my fellow villagers have already found jobs in this town. I can’t live in their hospitality forever,” said Anandra.
Lark sighed then smiled. “If you’re that eager, come over here.”

He led Anandra towards a place with a large clearing. A few weeks from now, houses would also be built in this area. Several locals and villagers from Gahelpa curiously followed.

“The rules are simple,” said Lark. “Come at me with everything you have. Show me the extent of your skills.”

Anandra seemed a bit hesitant at first, since he might hurt his master, but he nodded eventually. “Then, allow me to use a weapon.” He unsheathed his short sword.

“H-Hey, Anandra!” shouted one of the villagers. “Why are you using a weapon against the unarmed Young Master?”

Lark waved a hand. “It’s fine. I’ve told him to come at me with everything he got. This much is natural.”

There was clearly discontent from the onlookers. The locals, specially, were looking at Anandra with a hint of contempt. These guys took away some of the houses, and now, he was going to use weapons against the unarmed Young Master. They secretly wished that the Young Master would beat the man to a pulp.

“Young Master?” said Anandra.

“What is it?”

“Please remove those things before we start.”

Lark was amused. This was the first time someone noticed that he was wearing weights as he ran around the town. He made sure to craft these things in a way that would make them inconspicuous in the eyes of other people. The ones wrapped around his wrists and legs looked nothing but thick garments.

Lark removed the weights and threw them to the ground, creating loud thud sounds.

“Come at me any time,” said Lark. Somehow, he was excited to see the skills of the man who drove away the basilisk.
“Then, forgive me.” Anandra leaned forward, stomped a foot on the ground, then shot his body forward.

Lark frowned. Although the speed of his opponent was definitely fast, there was no killing intent behind it. It seemed that Anandra was trying his best not to hurt the Young Master.

Lark amplified the strength of his body using magic. With swift reflexes, he dodged the slash from Anandra then quickly retaliated with a fist at the abdomen. Anandra blocked the strike using his left hand. Lark quickly followed up with a kick at the face, which was easily dodged by the warrior by leaping backward.

With that simple exchange, they both gauged the strength of their opponents.

“You’ve realized it, right?” said Lark. “You won’t win if you’re not going to come at me with the intent of taking my life.”

“But you said that you’re merely testing my skills.” He was still hesitating. “There’s no need to go that far.”

“What a pain,” spat Lark. “Let’s change the rules. If you’re unable to land a single attack on me, I’ll find someone else for the job.”

It was a gamble, but Lark knew that Anandra would take it. He was a man who valued honor above all, after all. He wouldn’t let himself slack off while his fellow villagers worked.

“If you’re not going to come.” Lark pointed a finger at him. “Then, I will.”

From his fingertips, lightning shot towards Anandra. The warrior swiftly ran towards the side, all the while Lark fired off lightning strikes one after another. This was clearly an inefficient way of using his mana, but Lark deemed that this much was needed to make Anandra take him seriously.

Lark flicked a finger and vines sprouted out of the ground, ensnaring Anandra’s legs. With quick reflexes, he cut it off one after another. Lark used this opening. His figure disappeared then reappeared right in front of Anandra. He amplified the strength of his fist using magic, then struck the warrior’s abdomen. Anandra’s pupils dilated from pain, he flinched, then swung his sword back in retaliation.
Lark sidestepped and dodged the strike. He clenched his fists again and struck the face this time. Anandra’s head turned the opposite direction, his body conceding a split second after. His body flew and struck the ground, bouncing several times before hitting a pile of logs nearby.

Clouds of dust flew as splintered wood scattered about.

The onlookers looked at the scenario with wide eyes, their jaws slacked in wonder. Although they heard from the villagers of Gahelpa that the Young Master was strong, they did not expect him to be this strong.

“Is that all?” Lark was not amused. He did not expect Anandra to be this weak. “I might as well train the soldiers myself if you’re like this.”

He meant it.

Anandra slowly stood up then dusted off his clothes. He spat the blood that clung inside his mouth.

The previously docile eyes of the warrior turned predatory. He finally realized that even at full strength, there was no assurance of victory against the Young Master.

“What’s so funny?” said Lark.

“Ah, I didn’t realize that I’m chuckling. Forgive me.” Anandra bowed his head. “It’s just that the thought that I’ll be serving the Young Master from now on gives me great joy. I didn’t know that the Young Master is this strong.”

“Enough with the pleasantries.”

“Of course.”

Without warning, Anandra shot towards the Young Master. His speed this time was absurd, incomparable to before. Without time to dodge, Lark decided to take the blow with his hands. He covered his fists with a thin layer of mana shield then blocked the sword strike.

Anandra seemed to have expected this. After his attack was repelled, he quickly followed with several more strikes. The figure of the two blurred as they exchanged blows one after another.

There’s something wrong here.
Lark realized that although he was blocking the strikes of the sword using a thin layer of mana shield, the shield had no signs if breaking at all. Constantly supplying a small amount of mana into it was enough to maintain it.

It meant one thing: There was not enough strength behind Anandra’s strikes.

He was fast, that’s all.

Was this a bluff? Was this warrior trying to catch him off guard?

As Lark blocked the attacks one after another, he realized the truth of the matter.

He doesn’t know how to use mana.

This was the conclusion he came to after the numerous exchanges. It was no bluff. This was simply the extent of this man’s prowess.

The ability to amplify his speed using mana was probably something Anandra learned from hunting in the forest, or maybe it was sheer talent. But, the concept of properly using mana was not known to the warrior at all.

Lark decided that it was time to end this.

He grabbed the sword barehanded, a feat which made Anandra momentarily freeze in panic. Lightning flowed through the sword and struck Anandra’s body. Lark immediately followed up with a fist at the abdomen, chest, and the face.

Once again, Anandra’s body flew and bounced off the ground.

The reason why Anandra was gravely injured by the Basilisk despite his talent in the battlefield was this. Even if Anandra have enough speed to confront the giant serpent, his attacks simply did not have the prowess to pierce through its thick armor.

Anandra coughed out blood and stood up.

“You passed,” said Lark.

Anandra stared at him for a moment, before a relieved smile surfaced on his face.
“I’m glad,” he mumbled. Some of his old wounds started opening up after those blows. His body ached all over.

“Hey,” said Lark. He finally decided to ask the thing he was really curious about. “Who taught you how to use mana?”

Anandra was puzzled. “Mana? I’m no magician, Young Master.”

Lark’s conjecture was confirmed. This man was simply talented. He did not even know that he was using mana to boost his agility back then.

If he was this strong without proper guidance, then how strong would he be, if Lark were to train him? It wouldn’t be bad for the future commander of his Army to become proficient in body strengthening magic.

“What weapons are you able to use?” said Lark.

Anandra immediately replied, “Any. Bows, swords, spears, axes. They’re all basically the same.”

A reply befitting a genius.

If he took this guy under his wing and personally taught him magic, would that count him among his disciples? Lark pondered.

He realized that it wouldn’t be so bad, after all.

Lark smiled. “From now on, I want you to train the soldiers. Payment’s one gold and fifteen silvers a month. You’ll receive a raise depending on your performance.”

Anandra was momentarily stunned. The payment was an absurd amount.

“What? You don’t like it?” Lark chuckled.

“N-No,” stuttered Anandra. “Of course not!”

“Then, let’s not waste time. I originally plan on visiting the Mines, but that will have to wait for now.” Lark’s eyes glimmered. “I’ll introduce you to the soldiers of Blackstone Town.”

Chapter Six

For several weeks, Stone and his men relentlessly made their way towards the town near the Endless Forest. This was the task entrusted to them by General Urkawi himself. Their job was to survey the town and its surrounding regions and report everything to the vanguard via animal messengers.

A lot of his men were unsatisfied with the order, since they knew that this was a strategy proposed by a Rabbit. Those weaklings knew nothing about the battlefield. They have no right to take part in this war. These were the thoughts that ran through the minds of his men as they made their way towards Blackstone Town.

But Stone was different.

After hearing of the strategy from General Urkawi himself, he could not help but be in awe of Fior, the Rabbit Beastman who proposed this plan. If they took the orders of the Beast King into consideration, the Rabbit was right. Their goal was not to kill Alexander, nor was it to occupy the Valley of Witches. The real goal was to conquer the Eastern Region of the Kingdom of Lukas.

With this proposed plan, there was no real need to confront the damnable Mercenary Guild Master that thwarted their advances over and over again. Although they wouldn’t be able to kill Alexander, they would be able to accomplish their goal of conquering the Western Region. Their target this time, after all, was a town located in a strategic location. Once they managed to occupy that area and convert it into a stronghold, they would be pointing a knife at the neck of the Western Region.

That Rabbit’s good. Once I come back after this reconnaissance mission, I’ll make sure to recommend him for another promotion.

Although Stone was just the Captain of a small unit, he could at least do that much. After all, he was close to General Urkawi himself and several adjutants. It would leave a bad aftertaste in his mouth if that genius Rabbit was demoted because of unruly politics perpetuated by stupid individuals.
He had seen capable individuals succumb to such fate before. He did not want it to happen to that one.

“Captain, we’re almost near Blackstone Town,” said one of his men.

Stone and his men were riding Burrcats, monsters with the body of a horse and head of a cat. Although it looked gruesome to humans, it was an indispensable mount for the scouts of the beastmen tribes. These creatures were a lot smaller than horses, but they held the ability to climb trees and steep cliffs. The perfect ability for reconnaissance missions.

Stone’s slit-like pupils widened as he looked at the distance. With his keen vision, he could see several houses built haphazardly in different directions.

He raised his hands. “Stop.”

The fifteen lizardmen he brought with him stopped altogether.

“Tether the Burrcats.” Stone pointed at the trees to their left. He dismounted. The green scales on his body glimmered underneath the sun as his tail dragged across the ground. “We’ll do as planned. Molith, Salith, the two of you will stay here and keep watch.”

“Understood!” Two lizardmen simultaneously replied.

“If we don’t come back in two days, personally go back and report to the Commander of the Vanguard.”

Molith and Salith looked at each other, their reptilian faces filled with wonder. “That’s a joke, right, Captain? How could those puny humans possibly kill you, the leader of the Scouts?”

“Haha! They might not even notice that they’re being watched!”

Stone glared at them, and the two immediately stiffened. “The two of you are still young, so you might not understand. Listen, kids. This world is filled with strong enemies lurking in each corner. There will always be someone stronger. Don’t underestimate your opponents, even if they’re humans. Did you forget how Alexander annihilated Commander Brock and his men three weeks ago?”

The memory of how the human Mercenary Guild Master outwitted the Third Legion and one-sidedly annihilated an army resurfaced within their
minds. The lizardmen turned grim upon remembering this.

“But Alexander’s different. There’s no way there are other humans like that —” said Molith.

“—Enough!” growled Stone. He turned to everyone. “Listen! This mission relies heavily on us, the scouts, for information! If we fail to capture the Eastern Region within the next several months, General Urkawi’s head might come rolling! That is the decree of the Beast King!”

The lizardmen gasped. They never heard of this before.

Stone glared at Molith and Salith. “Do you understand? Follow the orders and do as we planned!”

“U-Understood!”

After making sure that the Burrcats have been tethered to a safe location, Stone and his men made their way towards the town.

Despite their reptilian features, their movements were smooth and nimble. Each of their steps hardly made sounds. Stone and his men activated Blend, a magic known only to the Lizardmen Tribe. This magic enabled them to alter the color of their scales at will, blending their bodies to their surroundings. Although it was broad daylight, the residents of Blackstone Town failed to notice the infiltration of these reptiles.

“Move out,” said Stone.

After that order, everyone dispersed into different directions. Their goal was to obtain a clear picture of this town’s defenses and geographical structure. Two lizardmen remained and followed Stone as he made his way towards the center of the town. They arrived at a Mansion.

“Sir Gaston, these are the records of the Kalranes we’ve mined this week.” A blonde woman said to an elderly man in suit. “The Young Master told me to give you this.”

The old man nodded and flipped through the parchments. “They’ve managed to reach the Fifth Area, huh? Good work.”

“Are you planning to visit the northern farmlands again?” said the blonde woman.
The old man shook his head. “No. This time, I’ll be inspecting the training of the soldiers.”

Upon the mention of the word ‘soldiers’, Stone’s brows twitched. He decided to follow this old man for now.

The old man rode a carriage. Stone and his men quickly followed.

After several minutes, the carriage halted to a stop. It was an area filled with newly constructed houses. Workers were seen here and there. The sound of hammers hitting wood and stone resounded. The old man went down the carriage, his steps slow but steady as he made his way towards a place with a large clearing. In there, numerous humans wearing leather armors were seen practicing with their spears.

Stone and the two lizardmen he brought with him were surprised upon seeing this. The movements of these humans were trained, almost similar to those of the mercenaries personally led by Alexander. Still, Stone could see the subtle differences. He was sure that these soldiers were greenhorns, despite the obvious training they have underwent.

By sight alone, there were almost a hundred soldiers in this place. An amount disproportionate to the population they estimated. Stone could not see the reason why the Lord of this town needed so many soldiers. If it were him, he would have made these men work on agriculture and other more relevant fields. After all, this town was located in the wilderness, without any hostile forces nearby. He could not see the merit of training these much men for the military.

The soldiers, basking in the sun, stabbed and pulled their spears. They repeated these movements over and over again that Stone was amazed of their perseverance.

Although these humans were disciplined, Stone knew that the vanguard forces of the Third Legion would easily crush them during a fight. It seemed that there was no need to worry about this town putting up a good fight. He could not see any noteworthy individuals.

All that’s left now was to survey the rest of the town, record the geographical features of the surrounding regions, then report to the Commander of the Vanguard.
As Stone was about to silently leave, he noticed that the Commander of the soldiers, a man with golden hair, was staring at him. For a moment, Stone stiffened.

Could he actually see through his magic? Impossible. His ability to blend with his surroundings was perfect. Coupled with controlled breathing and silent steps, it would be near impossible to detect him without using magic.

It must have been his imagination. It must have been simply coincidence that the man was staring at his direction.

Stone nodded at his men, signaling that it was time for them to move to another location. As they were about to leave, the commander of the soldiers spoke.

“Stop. If you move, I’ll shoot you with the spear,” said the man with golden hair. “I know you’re there. Show yourselves.”

Stone and his men widened their eyes upon hearing this. They momentarily looked at each other. They did not expect that a human, a mere commander of a small army at that, would be able to see through their camouflage.
“Anandra?” said the old man. “What are you talking about?”

Anandra was still staring at Stone’s direction. “There’s someone over there. Three of them, probably. There’s no mistaking it.”

Upon hearing this, the soldiers stopped in their training. They all looked at the direction where Anandra was gazing at.

This was bad. The job of the Scouts was simply reconnaissance. They were not supposed to fight these humans.

After a few seconds of ponder, Stone decided to silently escape while they still have the chance. He wordlessly told his men to quickly move out.

But before he could escape, a spear came flying out and struck one of his men. The lizardman was hit right at the chest, impaling him towards the wooden wall of a newly finished cabin. His body twitched for a moment, before the light in his eyes vanished.

“C-Captain,” said the remaining lizardman. “He killed him with a single shot!”
It was a preposterous feat for a human, since the scales of a lizardman was as hard as stone. Furthermore, the shot was done with absurd accuracy.
“Beastmen?” mumbled Anandra. He pulled out the sword on his waist and slowly walked towards Stone and the remaining lizardman. “Tell me, why did you come to this town? The nearest country of beastmen should be the United Grakas Alliance. Are you from the Lion City? Why did you conceal yourselves upon coming here? State your purpose. Show yourselves.”

There were so many questions, and Stone have no plan of answering any of them. He issued an order to his subordinate. “Go back and relay what we’ve found to the Vanguard.”

The lizardman was in stupor. “W-What do you mean, Captain?”

Stone pulled out the scimitar on his waist. “This human’s dangerous. By skills alone, he should be on par with me. It’ll be impossible to escape without killing him.”

“But Captain!”

“Go! The mission’s more important than our lives!” snarled Stone. “Just go!”

Still hesitant, the lizardman quickly left the area. At the same time, Stone disabled his magic and showed himself, preventing Anandra from chasing after the lizardman that escaped.

Without another word, Stone dashed towards Anandra and struck him with the scimitar. Anandra sidestepped then retaliated with his sword.

‘He’s fast,’ thought Stone. ‘There’s no other choice. We need to successfully carry out our mission.’

Stone exchanged several more blows with Anandra, then quickly moved towards the old man from the Mansion. He wrapped his arms around him and pointed his scimitar at his neck.

“Move and I’ll kill this human,” said Stone.

He knew there was nothing honorable about this, but he had no choice. The Commander of these soldiers was too strong – this was his realization after exchanging several blows. The mission was his priority, his life and dignity were secondary.
The human soldiers slowly encircled him, leaving him no room to escape. Still, none of them dared to attack. Even the Commander with golden hair refused to move after Stone took the old man hostage.

“Let him go,” Anandra said slowly. His gaze was predatory.

Stone did not reply. He looked around, trying to find a way out of the encirclement. After noticing a place where he could pass through, he carried the old man by the waist and ran through it. The soldiers were baffled when the lizardman suddenly shot towards their direction. Without ample time to react, coupled with the fact that he was carrying the butler as hostage, the soldiers were unable to block the escape of the lizardman.

Behind him, Anandra quickly gave chase, leaving behind the rest of the soldiers.

It was a mistake. That man’s stronger than me. I need to shake him off quickly.

Although Stone was the fastest lizardman within the scouts, with him carrying the old man, he was unable to shake off his tail.

After reaching the end of the town, Stone skidded to a halt.

“Finally decided to give up, huh?” Anandra slowly walked towards him, his hand holding his sword.

Stone took out a small vial from the pouch on his waist. He shattered it and green mist seeped through the cracks.

“Mist of the Poison Frogs,” said Stone. “Lizardmen are immune to it, but it’s lethal to humans.”

It was the half-truth. Although the mist was fatal to humans, it would not manifest its effects immediately on knights and magicians. By estimate, this man with golden hair was on the same league as those bastards.

Stone needed a way to escape this predicament and report back to the Commander of the Vanguard. And this was his only solution.

Soon, the effect of the mist began showing through the old man’s face. He coughed repeatedly as his face drained of all color.
Stone took out two different vials and gently placed them on the ground.

The old man continued coughing and gasping for air.

“These are the antidotes,” said Stone. “Mix the two together and make that human drink it. How about it? Why don’t we make a deal? Let me go and these two are yours.”

Judging by the reaction of the man with golden hair and the rest of the soldiers, this old man was a prominent figure within this territory. He was sure that he would grab his offer. Even if the human successfully administered the antidote to the old man, Stone would have fled the area by then. He was the fastest lizardman, after all.

“What if you’re lying?” said Anandra, grimly.

“That’s right. You have no way of finding out,” spat Stone. “This old man will die soon. Choose.”

Seconds lingered. Anandra gnashed his teeth and choked the words out. “Go.”

Stone slowly took several steps back, his eyes locked with Anandra’s. After taking a quick look around, he dashed off and disappeared into the distance.

He ran through the plains and reached the forest.

That strong human must be administering the antidote by now. With this, he’ll be able to gather enough time to escape.

He finally arrived at the place where the Burrcats were tethered.

My men are still in that town. It’s regrettable that I’m unable to recall them.

Those guys would probably die once they were spotted by that human monster. A necessary sacrifice.

“Ah, Captain!”

Molith and Salith jumped down the trees upon seeing him. Beside them was the lizardman that escaped before him.

“Why are you guys still here?!” Stone was baffled. They should have been gone by now, on their way to report back to the Vanguard. It was a safer way of communication than animal messengers, after all.
“We heard of the situation from Bolux.” Molith and Salith looked at each other. “We didn’t want to leave the Captain behind so—”

“—Fools!” roared Stone.

The three lizardmen flinched and shrank their shoulders. The Burrcats whined in fear.

“You should have heard of that commander! That human monster! I’ve managed to shake him off before but what if he comes again?!” Stone was livid with rage. He knew fully well the importance of this reconnaissance mission. “We need someone to deliver the message! The vanguard consists of only three hundred beastmen! We’ll suffer casualties if we attack the town with only those numbers!”

The three lizardmen turned dead silent. They hanged their heads low and avoided Stone’s fierce glare.

“Untether the Burrcats. We depart immediately,” said Stone.

“Yes!”

With trained movements, the lizardmen moved and untethered their mounts. Since Burrcats were rare, they decided to bring the unmounted ones back with them.

“Move out,” said Stone.

The lizardmen slapped the reigns, the Burrcats purred, and they silently moved through the forest.

The Third Legion have fifteen thousand soldiers. Surely, they would be able to spare at least a thousand more to help the vanguard conquer that territory.

Stone decided to convince the higher ups to strengthen the vanguard’s military.

Chapter Seven

The sudden appearance of the lizardmen pushed the town into uproar. Men took arms as they vigilantly watched their surroundings, as children and women took shelter in their homes. The rumors escalated quickly. Some said that the lizardmen ate several locals before they escaped, while some spread rumors of Gaston’s death.

Lark was inside his room, expanding his mana pool, when loud knocks were heard. The voice of a frantic servant echoed. “Young Master! Young Master! Sir Gaston! The Lizardmen!”

The words of the servant did not make sense. Lark stood up and opened the door, only to be greeted by an exasperated, pallid-face servant.
Lark frowned. He placed a hand on the huffing woman. “Calm down. Tell me what happened.”

The servant quickly recounted the story. For a moment, Lark was in stupor. Gaston was dying? That old man was like family to him. When he first gained consciousness in this world, he could feel the suppressed hatred of those around him, but that old man was different. Lark, with his several decades of experience in his past life, could easily tell that the old man truly loved him. A love beyond mere servitude.

Unable to shake off his uneasiness, Lark quickly went down and arrived at the Mansion’s hall. Several servants were surrounding an old man with wrinkled, pallid skin. The old man was close to death. Lark could tell with just a single glance.

“Y-Young Master.” Anandra’s voice trembled. “The antidote given by the lizardman isn’t working. I tried everything but Sir Gaston… He’s…” Anandra choked the next words out. “I couldn’t think of any other way to save him! But if it’s the Young Master… then maybe… please!”

Anandra felt responsible for the old man’s fate. Since he knew that Lark was the one who treated his wounds, he gambled on the chance that Lark may know how to treat the dying old man.

Lark crouched and touched the neck of Gaston. The pulses were weak and the flow of mana inside his body was turbulent.
“Give me the antidote,” said Lark.

Anandra handed him two half-emptied vials. Lark opened them and sniffed their contents. He creased his brows. They were not antidotes.

“These two are paralyzing potions.” Lark tossed the vials to the ground, shattering them into several pieces. “That lizardman didn’t have the slightest intention of saving his life.”

There was suppressed anger within Lark’s voice. If possible, he wanted to capture the lizardman right now and tear him to several pieces. Although it had not been long since he arrived in this timeline, he truly enjoyed his new life. At the very least, he wanted to protect what he had right now. This town. The people.

“Everyone, move back,” said Lark.

After the servants and Anandra moved away, Lark chanted his magic. The incantations were long, all the while, magic circles and runes formed underneath his feet. Although this would hurt Lark physically, he decided to forcefully tear open the mana pool of Gaston and interfere with the mana moving in the old man’s body.

“Please work.” Lark was desperate. If this method did not work, the old man would die.

Lark touched the old man’s chest and his hand sunk into it, as though sucked by an unseen portal. The old man’s body twitched and he coughed out blood. His body was rejecting the direct interference of Lark. A typical reaction.

Lark channeled his mana unsparingly. Even if he lost consciousness once he wringed his mana pool dry to the last drop, he did not mind. The life of this butler was far more important.

He grabbed hold of the erratically moving mana within the old man, condensed it into a single point, and temporarily sealed it. With the mana sealed and out of the way, Lark would now be able to force the body to heal without interference. This was a really dangerous move, since there was a very high risk of death with just a tiny mistake. Lark would not normally force the body to heal using this method, but they had no antidote. Time was of the essence.
“Work! Damn it,” he snarled as he pushed the old man’s body to the limits. The organs corroded by the poison started healing by using Lark’s mana as fuel source. Lark was becoming more lightheaded as seconds ticked by. It was a competition. A race. Will he run out of mana first, or will the poison be destroyed first? Once the organs regenerated, it would only be a matter of time before the poison dissipated.

Lark felt his consciousness fading away. Still, he refused to let go of his hand as his mana was continuously sucked by the old man.

“Just a little bit more,” he mumbled. Numerous beads of sweat were flowing down his face. “You can’t die.”

After several more seconds that seemed like eternity, the body of the old man finally stabilized. The forcefully condensed mana within Gaston’s body was released, the organs had regenerated, and the poison had dissipated.

Lark looked at the old man’s slow, silent breaths. Although he was still pallid, color started coming back to his face somewhat.

Lark sighed in relief. His vision blurred and he lost consciousness. ***

Lark woke up to the sound of birds chirping. He slowly sat up and looked at the window. The rays of the sun were seeping through. This was his room in the Mansion. He was sure.

His stomach grumbled. He felt famished, as though he had not eaten anything for several weeks.

He noticed the servant silently wiping the antique vase next to his desk. As though feeling his gaze, the servant slowly turned around and locked eyes with him. The servant froze. She opened and closed her mouth as she tried to choke some words out.

“T-The Young Master!” She finally said. “H-He’s awake! Thank God he’s finally awake!”

She almost broke the vase when she suddenly dashed toward the door. From the bed, Lark could hear her shout.

“The Young Master’s awake! The Young Master’s awake!”
In an instant, numerous footsteps echoed. Lark could feel several people coming his way, their steps hurried.

The door was violently pushed open and Gaston, Anandra, and several servants came inside. They almost squeezed through the door as they hurriedly entered the room. Lark could see their anxious faces, the dark circles around their eyes. The moment they saw Lark, their lips curled into smiles.

Lark never felt this loved before since he came to this world. Doing his best to protect these people was the right choice, after all.

“Young Master!” Gaston cried as he briskly walked towards Lark. After staring at the Young Master for a moment, he broke into sobs. “You’re finally awake! You’re finally awake! Thank God!”

The old man looked thinner, as though he had not eaten anything for the past several days. Even his usually perfectly-combed hair was ruffled, its ends swaying to different directions.

“You’ve been poisoned.” Lark smiled. “How are you feeling, Gaston?”

Hearing this, Gaston hiccupped as he willed the tears back. He shook his head thrice. “This servant’s fine! I am perfectly fine, so please do not worry about me any longer, Young Master!”

Lark sighed. “I am glad.”

This was his honest feeling. He did not want this old man or any of his men to die from the hands of those beastmen. They were like family to him. Lark silently vowed to crush anyone who would dare harm them.

Anandra was silently standing next to the door, a short sword dangling on his waist. Unlike the old man, there were no dark circles around his eyes. He looked calm, a stark contrast to Gaston and the servants.

He was tasked to protect him during the time he lost consciousness. cha

“How long have I been sleeping?” said Lark. He could still vividly remember the time his consciousness faded away as his mana pool was sucked dry by his hastily performed magic.

The was a small pause. Gaston replied, “Three days, Young Master.”
Lark was a bit relieved upon hearing that. Had this happened before, during the time he first came to this world, he would have probably fallen unconscious for an entire week. Being unconscious for only three days showed the fruits of his relentless training.

“Three days, huh?” repeated Lark.

The beastmen would have been long gone by now. There was no way he would be able to catch them even if he tried.

As though reading his mind, Anandra spoke, “The lizardmen that dared harm the Young Master.” There was spite within his voice. “I killed six of them and captured the remaining five. But those are some crazy bastards. The lizardmen we’ve captured killed themselves in an instant. Luckily, we’ve managed to knock down and shackle two of them before they managed to kill themselves. They’re in the underground chamber right now.”

After speaking with Anandra, Lark learned that several beastmen remained in the town even after their leader escaped. With Anandra’s skills, he managed to kill several of them and captured the remaining ones. It seemed that the lizardmen were capable of suicide by biting their tongues off. Several captured lizardmen did this, before the soldiers were even given the chance to interrogate them.

Luckily, Anandra and the rest of the soldiers found a way to shackle the lizardmen before they managed to kill themselves. They knocked the beastmen unconscious then forcefully inserted a metallic ball inside their mouths, making them unable to bite their tongues off and commit suicide.

Lark could not help but applaud Anandra for this. With this, there was no longer any need to pursue the ones that escaped. Lark decided to just interrogate the captured bastards.

“Good work.” Lark went down his bed, donned his coat, and took his sword. “Lead me there.”

Gaston and the servants looked at each other.

“But Young Master! You need to rest! At the very least, eat! Please!” pleaded Gaston.
Lark understood the feelings of the old man. “This will be quick.” He looked outside the window. It was already noon. “I will come down the dining hall in an hour. Tell the servants to prepare a hefty meal.”

Gaston was obviously against this, but he bowed his head regardless. “Understood.”

Lark told Gaston and the servants to disperse. He planned on brining only Anandra with him.

As they were going down towards the underground chamber, Lark said, “I’m going to interrogate those lizardmen. You might not like what you’re going to see—”

“—It’s fine. It doesn’t matter.” Anandra’s eyes were filled with bloodlust. “Young Master, you can cut them to pieces. Burn them alive. Rip off their limbs. I will gladly help you with all that.” Anandra locked eyes with the Young Master. “Those bastards tried to kill us. They do not deserve mercy from our kind.”

Lark was relieved that Anandra had resolved himself for this.

Upon reaching the underground chamber, Lark said to the two guards guarding the door, “Good work, you two. Leave this place for now.”

The two was stunned for a moment upon seeing the Young Master. They looked at each, then eventually made their salutes. “Understood, Young Master!”

After the guards left, Lark shut the door. The chamber was dimly lit with torches, and at the center of the room was a small metallic cage with shackled lizardmen. The two glared at the two humans who entered the room.

“Hello?” said Lark. The memories of how Gaston was almost killed by these bastards once again resurfaced within his mind. “I’ve kept you waiting, didn’t I?”

The lizardmen made screeching sounds. They violently moved their shackled bodies, creating loud metallic sounds.

“I promised Gaston that I’ll be at the Dining Hall an hour from now,” said Lark. “So, I’ll make this quick.”
Lark felt the flow of mana within his body. After several months of training, it should be possible for him to perform a single, Middle Tier Magic. It would consume a large portion of his mana, but it would be the best magic to use against these bastards right now.

“Move to the back,” he said to Anandra.

After Anandra moved out of the way, Lark started his spell. A chantless magic. Everyone who saw it widened their eyes in astonishment. It was beautiful, as though the Gods have descended to this small room. An azure magic circle manifested itself underneath the metallic cage, with numerous runes spinning around. Small particles of light, which reminded one of glowing insects during the night, moved around the room, casting an ethereal glow. The violent screeches of the lizardmen stopped as they stared at the spell in awe.

“I dislike meaningless slaughter.” Lark’s eyes were filled with hatred. “But your kind dared lay your hands on my people.”

The magic circle broke into numerous particles of light, the sound of glass shattering echoed. The particles of light slowly turned into blue flames, engulfing the metallic cage and the lizardmen. The shackled beastmen screeched as the flames touched their scales.

As the only onlooker, Anandra was the first to notice the peculiarity of this spell. Although a gargantuan sphere of fire was currently burning at the center of the room, it was not hot at all. He also noticed that the cage and the shackles were not melting, as though the flames were nothing but an illusion.

But looking at the lizardmen, it was clearly apparent that they were under excruciating pain as the flames covered their entire bodies.

“Flames of Methuzelda,” said Lark. “Flames that burn the life force of the target. It’s several times more painful than being burned alive by ordinary fire.” There was no hint of pity within his voice. The lizardmen continued screeching through their gags.

Lark walked towards the blue sphere of fire and entered inside. He willed the Flames of Methuzelda to stop consuming the life force of the beastmen for a moment.
“Listen. I will spare only one of you.” Lark raised a finger. “A competition. The first one to submit to me will be given painless death.”
Lark pointed at the gags of the lizardmen and the flames quickly melted them away. The lizardmen quickly took this chance to bite their tongues off, but to their astonishment, their bodies refused to do so. They immediately understood that this was probably the doing of that magic caster.

“W-Who are you?!” spat one of them.

“That doesn’t matter. There’s no need for you to know,” said Lark. “I’m only going to say this once. Tell me everything about your kind. The beastmen. The reason why you attacked this town. The reason why to tried killing my people. Do so and I shall grant you painless death.”

The other lizardman sneered. “Arrogant human! Our loyalty will not shatter even if you burn us with this fire! All lizardmen will choose death over betrayal!”

Lark sighed. He flicked his fingers and the flames started licking the bodies of the lizardmen once again. They squirmed in agony as they gnashed their teeth. Moans and wails escaped their lips.

Despite the excruciating pain, the two refused to speak.

This went on for several more minutes, almost half an hour. Eventually, one of the lizardmen pleaded, “I’ll speak! I’ll tell you everything! Please! Just kill me!”

Lark was surprised that these two lasted this long inside the Fire of Methuzelda. The flames of this spell consumed the life force of its prey, making the pain several times more excruciating than usual. Lark was sure that had he used normal fire, these two would have never spat a single word till they died.

Lark willed the blue flames to stop licking the body of the lizardman, all the while the other one kept squirming in pain on the ground.

“Speak,” said Lark.

The lizardman had almost lost the ability to speak. A little bit more and he would have been thoroughly broken by that spell.
“T-The United Grakas Alliance!” said the lizardman. He looked at his comrade and nervously swallowed. “The United Grakas Alliance plans on capturing this town!”

United Grakas Alliance? Lark was sure he heard of that name before, probably from a book in the library of Lion City. Still, he could not fully remember what it was.

“A country of beastmen,” said Anandra. “One of the three neighboring countries of this Kingdom. In terms of military strength, it’s on par with the Empire.”

Why was such a country trying to attack this small town? Lark could not understand the reason why.

Lark continued interrogating the lizardmen. Whenever he felt that he was lying, he would will the Flames of Methuzelda to lick him. Eventually, he came to have full grasp of the story.

Unable to get past the army of Alexander in a valley west of here, the beastmen decided to circumvent it and target this small town instead. They planned to convert his domain into a stronghold and use it as the rallying point for their invasion.

Lark was grim after learning the number of beastmen coming to invade the Eastern Region of the Kingdom. With the current number of soldiers in Blackstone Town, it would be impossible to defend against enemies numbering in the thousands. Moreover, each of those beastmen were warriors trained for the battlefield.

His men were not ready for this yet. Lark was sure of it.

War was coming.

He sighed. This would be a long night. He needed to think of a strategy to win this war.

Chapter Eight

“Young Master, here are the things you’ve ordered.” Gaston entered Lark’s room and handed him a leather sack. Inside were rations, crystals, ormatane dusts, ink, and parchments. “Are you sure about this? At the very least, please bring Anandra along.”

After the lizardmen infiltrated the town, Lark immediately drafted plans to protect his domain. What he needed right now was a bird’s eye view of the surrounding regions, particularly the area where the Legion of beastmen would have to pass through. Only after he gathered enough data of the topography could he properly lay out his plans.

Flying would give him a wide view as he made a detailed map, but it would fail to give him the most minute details inside the forest. Therefore, Lark planned on exploring those areas himself and record the details carefully. It was an arduous task necessary for Blackstone Town’s survival.

“No,” said Lark. “I will go alone.”

War was coming. It would be unwise to take Anandra with him and halt the training of the soldiers. Furthermore, although that guy was fast, he might not be able to keep up with the speed of Lark. He would just become a hindrance.

Gaston frowned. He obviously disliked the idea of the Young Master going to the wilderness alone.

“The ration’s enough for only two days,” said Gaston. “If you want, I can ask the servants below to cook some more.”

“This is enough.” Lark strapped the sword on his waist and grabbed the leather sack. “I’ll be gone for only a day or two. Three days at most. These should be plenty enough.”

He could just hunt in the forest once his rations ran out.

Gaston was not fully convinced. “And for the production of cement?”

“Ah, that’s right.” Lark almost forgot this one. “I’ve asked Silverclaw to create several more kilns last time. The farmers are almost finished with
planting the seeds in the northern farmlands. We’ll need to finish the irrigation project soon before summer comes.”

Although war was looming in, Lark have no intention of halting the conversion of the supposedly non-arable lands in the northern and western regions. He wanted his city to be self-sufficient soon. He did not want his people to experience hunger again during the winter season.

“Give these to him.” Lark fumbled through his cloak and took out a folded parchment. “The designs for some weapons. Tell him to prioritize the ones marked with a cross. I need at least several dozens of them before the week ends.”

Gaston curiously looked at the parchment. Yesterday, the Young Master made a speech in the Central Plaza. He vividly recounted the story of the lizardmen they captured. The story of impending war brought forth by the beastmen.

Although the locals were clearly afraid, the majority of them voiced out their will to protect this place. Most of them were born here, and the mere thought of those lizardmen pillaging and conquering this town pushed them to the peak of anger.

The Young Master told them that it should be possible to block the advance of the beastmen, given enough time. An outrageous claim. Even Gaston refused to believe it.

Gaston sighed. “Young Master, we still have time. We could go back to the Gryphon City and seek refuge in the Dutchy. I’ll convince the Duke somehow.”

This was the third time Gaston proposed this. Lark shook his head. “Enough. I’m not abandoning this place.” He took out another parchment and handed it to Gaston. “The merchants from Lion City’s departing today, right? Give this to them.”

“This is?” Gaston looked at the parchment.

“A letter for Big Mona,” said Lark. “Make sure he reads it.”

This letter could dictate the outcome of this war. Whether they would receive help or not would depend on how he convinces that fat merchant.
***

Riding a horse, Lark moved towards the eastern part of Blackstone Town. He passed through the Eastern Border, and instead of going directly to the Mines, he turned left and kept going onward. To his right, the sea of trees in the Endless Forest blurred as he sped up.

He soon arrived in a plain filled with overgrown weeds. Not bothering to halt his mount, Lark quickly surveyed the surroundings. This place was wide, good enough for large armies to clash against each other.

“We won’t win without using underhanded tricks,” he mumbled. The differences in numbers and quality between his soldiers and the beastmen were simply too large. “Traps. Poison. Fire. It doesn’t matter. We need to win this war.”

In war, no lives were equal. Most men despised underhanded tricks like poisoning the enemy or assassinating the commander of the army, but Lark believed differently. In war, only the winner gets to write the history. The winner was justice. At the end of the day, those who survived would get to tell the tale. If it would enable his people to continue living, he would not hesitate to use these supposedly underhanded tricks. This was war after all. A competition for survival.

Lark kept going forward. Several hours passed and he arrived at a forest. He tethered his horse to a nearby tree then carved a clay bowl on the ground using magic. He used magic again to fill the bowl with water.

“Drink. Eat,” he said to his mount. As though the horse understood, it stared at Lark for a moment then began drinking. The grasses on the ground should be enough to fill the mount’s belly.

Lark looked beyond the sea of trees. Unlike the ones seen in the Endless Forest, the trees in this place were smaller, their trunks thinner. The rays of the sun seeped through the canopies of leaves, giving Lark ample light to see everything.

Lark cast his magic and he slowly soared into the sky. His cloak fluttered against the wind as he looked at the forest below. Looking further, it seemed that this forest extends far and wide, reaching until the small hills beyond.
It’ll probably take Lark several days of travel to reach those hills if he used the mount.

“I’m glad I never neglected mana training.” He inwardly praised himself for being so diligent. With his current mana pool, he could reach those hills by the end of the day, reducing travel time by several days.

He took out a parchment and recorded the details of this place. Although his real aim was the hills beyond, creating a map of this forest would also prove crucial to the upcoming war.

Lark leaned towards the direction of the hills, and after a deafening boom, shot his body forward. He whistled through the sky as the sea of trees below blurred. As he flew towards the hills, he carefully surveyed the forest below.

He finally arrived at his destination. He slowly flew down and landed at the top of the hill. Below him, a small forest was spread out. Beyond that was a plain with a river.

He looked up. It was already dusk. He opened the leather sack and took out some dried fish and bread. As he ate, he looked around and carefully surveyed the surroundings.

It was just as he thought. This place would be the most ideal to place those traps. Those things would not annihilate an army, nor would it stop their advance completely, but it should give Lark enough time to prepare for the war.

But first, what he needed right now were scouts.

After filling his stomach, he amplified his senses several folds. His remaining mana should be enough for this task.

“Over there,” he mumbled. He kicked the ground and his body shot towards the sky. His speed created a soft whistling sound as he locked on his target. He reached out his hand and grabbed a large bird. It almost got away, but Lark luckily managed to grab hold of its leg. The bird squeaked and pecked the hands of Lark as it desperately tried to escape.

“Ouch.” Lark flinched as blood dripped down his fingers. The bird was around five times the size of a fist. Just the perfect size for reconnaissance.
Lark gently held it as he flew towards the ground. Upon landing, he opened his leather sack and took out a quill and an ink, along with some ormatane dust. He wrote symbols on the bird’s body using a mixture of the two, all the while chanting his spells. The symbols glowed for a split second then disappeared from sight. Lark released the bird and it flew towards the sky, circled around, then flew down and perched on Lark’s shoulder.

“Good.” Lark was satisfied with the result. He stroked the head of the bird as he grinned. He took out a crystal and wrote the same symbols on it. After activating the magic, the body of the bird froze as the symbols on the crystal glowed. After the light in the runes vanished, the bird squeaked then flew towards the sky.

Lark touched the crystal and images started appearing inside. The hills. The sea of trees. The cloudless sky. The plains stretching beyond.
The crystal now reflected the vision of the bird as it flew around.

Without taking a rest, Lark repeated the process over and over again. By the time he was finished, his mana pool had been wringed dry. He slumped on the ground and heaved a sigh. A contented smile slowly formed on his lips.
The range of this magic spanned more than a hundred kilometers. Although the crystal would not show images unless someone supplied mana into it, he would be able to fix this problem soon by making the locals take turns in channeling their mana into the core. With this, he would be able to monitor the advances of the beastmen.

But it was not enough. He needed more.

He was out of mana. He decided to proceed with the second part of the plan tomorrow morning, at dawn.

***

Dawn came and Lark immediately proceeded with his plans. He took out several parchments and drew runes and symbols on it using ink, ormatane and gold dust. After the ink had dried, he infused his mana. He repeated this process several times, creating numerous talismans by the time noon arrived.
The gold dust was a necessary expense. With this, the effect of the talisman should last several weeks.

Lark looked at the forest below the hills. He stretched his limbs, ran down, and entered the sea of trees. He placed the talismans at the trunks of different trees, around several dozens of meters apart. Each talisman was small, half the size of a palm, making it inconspicuous in this forest.

After consuming over a hundred talismans, he started activating the magic imbued inside. The forest momentarily glowed an azure hue as the runes inside broke into particles of light. The talisman turned into ashes, leaving behind scorched symbols on the trunk of the trees.

The magic imbued in those symbols would slowly consume the life force of the trees, eventually killing it after several weeks. In return, magic poison would slowly form and permeate the air, making this forest particularly dangerous for any living being.

As the runes sucked the life force of the trees, it slowly converts it into poisonous miasma unseen by naked eyes. These miasmas were not immediately fatal, but when someone was exposed to it for a certain period of time, they would experience symptoms similar to Magic Poisoning.

Magic Poisoning was relatively easy to treat. But it would be a different story if thousands of warriors were afflicted by it. Surely, it would halt the advance of the beastmen’s army.

The particles of light emanating from the runes vanished entirely. The forest resumed it calm.

Lark closed his eyes and enjoyed the gentle breeze. Birds chirped as the trees rustled from the wind. After a month or two, this forest would die. A consequence of using this underhanded magic.

“But I have to do this.” Lark sighed. He tightened his cloak and went back to the hills. He would make another surveillance of the surroundings, record it, then go back to Blackstone Town.

This should give him enough time to execute the next part of his plan.

Hopefully, the letter he sent to Big Mona in the Lion City would be enough to mobilize the Kingdom’s Army.

Chapter Nine

After creating a detailed map of the eastern region and preparing the traps, Lark went back to Blackstone Town. Upon arriving, he immediately started the next step of the plan. He gathered the remaining iron ingots and using transmutation magic, created bows.

The body of the bow was made of iron, while the strings were made using twisted rawhide. Runes and symbols were engraved on the handle grip, limbs, and string grooves.

Lark still firmly believed that it was not yet time to provide magic spears for the foot soldiers, but the same could not be said for the hunters from Gahelpa Village. Those guys were already proficient in archery. Giving them these magic items would not hinder their growth.

After creating two magic bows, Lark went towards the Eastern Border.

“Young Master.” Anandra greeted him the moment he arrived. Not far from them, the soldiers were practicing with their spears despite the scorching sun.

“Call all of the hunters in Gahelpa here. Tell them to bring arrows with them,” said Lark.

Anandra quizzically looked at the Young Master for a moment but eventually nodded. “As you wish.”

Soon, over a dozen men were gathered before Lark. They all looked at him with expectant eyes. This was, after all, the first time the Young Master summoned so many men from Gahelpa.

“Most of you have joined the army, correct?” said Lark.

“Yes.” Several men nodded.

Unlike the spearmen, Lark specifically asked these hunters to continue practicing with their bows. They have not yet received training in archery since they came to this town, mainly due to the previous friction between them and the locals.

“Valak.” Lark looked at the hunter with bushy, brown beard. “Try this bow.”
Valak stared at the bow upon receiving it. Unlike the usual bows made of yew, this one was clearly made of metal, probably iron. But surprisingly, it was light as though it was made of wood. The string was familiar. It was definitely made of twisted rawhide.

“Try shooting that tree over there.” Lark pointed at a small tree next to a recently finished cabin.

Valak frowned as he cast a curious gaze at the Young Master. He tapped the string once then pulled out an arrow from the quiver.

To his surprise, the moment he nock the arrow, the runes on the bow’s body dimly glowed. Valak almost let go of his grip when a peculiar sensation flowed through his limbs. He felt something inside him was being sucked by the bow.

“Don’t let go,” said Lark. “Shoot.”

Although still bewildered by what was happening, Valak pulled the bowstring and released the arrow. A loud whizzing sound resounded. To everyone’s surprise, the arrow shattered a large portion of the bark upon impact and pierced through the tree, eventually lodging itself into the wooden cabin behind it.

The absurd firepower of that single shot made the hunters’ jaws drop in wonder. They all looked at Valak as though he was some kind of monster.

“H-Hey, Valak!”

“What the hell’s that?!”

“You could kill the damn basilisk with that shot!”

Even Valak was baffled by what transpired. He looked at the bow with his jaws slacked, both of his eyes opened wide.

“Did you like it?” Lark’s voice broke through the murmurs. “It’s a magic bow I created.”

The hunters from Gahelpa were stunned speechless. Valak eventually broke the silence. “Made… You made this?”

Lark nodded. “That’s right.” He showed the other bow he was carrying. “Right now, there’s only two of them. There’s eighteen of you. I’ll probably
be able to give everyone their own magic bow before the week ends.” The hunters fell into stupor upon hearing this.

The Young Master was going to give each of them such weapon? Somehow, they understood that they would probably use it against the supposedly invading beastmen, but the idea of wielding such powerful bows greatly enticed them. To hunters like them, such weapon was no less than a treasure.

Even Valak, the boldest one in the group, found it hard to believe.

“Before that.” Lark looked at the tree the arrow struck. The gaping hole on its bark clearly showed the power the behind that strike. “You need to control the amount of power in your strikes. Try shooting at that tree again.”

Valak once again shot an arrow. This time, the strike was not as fierce as before. The piercing power was still greater than normal, but it did not manage to completely pierce through the tree’s bark.

“As I thought.” Lark sighed. “You’ve consumed a large amount of your mana with that first strike.”

Lark carefully explained to the hunters the basics of the magic bow.

Just like the name implied, it was an item that would enable even non-magicians to wield mana. The runes at the bow’s grip would suck the mana of the wielder and channel it to the bow’s limbs and string grooves, creating tension far greater than normal. Some of the mana would also flow through the twisted rawhide, eventually giving the arrow an absurd piercing power.

It worked the same way as the magic spears Lark was secretly creating. But since these hunters were already proficient with the bow, he did not hesitate in giving them these items. These men from Gahelpa valued honor highly. Even upon receiving this item, they would not easily betray him.

Giving them these magical items would transform them into a formidable ally during the upcoming war.

Lark have already made maps of the terrains in the Eastern Region. Properly using this elite unit could spell the difference between victory and defeat in the war against the beastmen.
Although arduous, Lark diligently explained to them how to control the amount of mana channeled through the bow. They did not really need the absurd piercing power shown by Valak during his first strike. They only need enough power to pierce through their enemies’ armor.

***

[Lion City – Merchants Guild]

Big Mona kicked the slave in front of him. The woman accidentally spilled the wine on his gaudy clothes moments ago. An unforgivable sin punishable by death. “Damn slave! Do you know how expensive this dress is? Even if you worked all your life, you won’t be able to pay for it!”

Another kick struck the woman at the abdomen, making her puke out the stale bread she ate for breakfast.

“M-Master! Please forgive me!”

But Big Mona did not stop.

He grabbed a hemp rope and started whipping the woman, creating numerous cuts on her body. By the time Big Mona was finally satisfied beating her up, the woman was already sprawled on the ground, half-dead and unmoving.

Big Mona spat on the soon-to-be corpse, sat on the sofa, and grabbed some snacks. He’ll ask the servants to clear the body later.

A servant knocked on the door twice. “Big Mona, Sir. There’s a letter and a parcel for you from Blackstone Town.”

Big Mona’s mouth was still full of biscuits when he replied, sending crumbs flying about. “Come in.”

The servant entered the room and handed him the parchment. Big Mona wiped his hands using a napkin, unfolded the letter, and read the contents.
As he read through the letter, his brows creased and his face twisted. He almost had the urge to tear the letter into pieces.

“That damn, arrogant brat!” snarled Big Mona.

The servant was startled from the sudden shout. He looked at the half-dead slave on the ground then at the fat merchant. He shivered. He prayed to the
Gods that the mood of the merchant would not worsen any further.

“That Lark Marcus! That brat!” Big Mona continued snarling. “He wants me to send a thousand soldiers to that small town within a week’s time?!”

If not for the current prosperous trade of Kalrane Stones, Big Mona would have immediately sent his men to kill the arrogant bastard. He did not like the tone of the letter at all. It was condescending and outright rude, especially to him who held so much authority in Lion City.

In the letter, Lark Marcus recounted the story of how lizardmen invaded his town and tried killing his men. The young noble supposedly captured some of the lizardmen who infiltrated his territory and made them spill out everything. According to them, beastmen would soon invade Blackstone Town and convert it into a stronghold, making it the pivotal point of their invasion of the Eastern Region of the Kingdom.

Big Mona did not believe this story. According to his intelligence network, Alexander successfully defended the Valley of Witches a month ago, even going as far as killing Brock, one of the commanders of the Third Legion of the United Grakas Alliance.

As long as Alexander was undefeated, there was no way for the beastmen to invade the Kingdom. Big Mona disliked that Mercenary Guild Master, but he knew that there was no man more perfect for the job of commander than him. That man was a genius. He would not be defeated by the beastmen so easily despite the difference in numbers between the two armies.

Aside from the request for reinforcements, what angered Big Mona the most was the request of the brat to directly inform the Royal Family about the upcoming war with the beastmen. He wanted Big Mona, one of the three most prominent figures in the Lion City, to persuade the King to mobilize the army and preemptively block the advance of the enemies.

A preposterous request.

Although Big Mona was one of the most powerful figures in this City, he still did not have the power to persuade the King or the Royal Family.

Just thinking that the brat of the Marcus Family had enough gal to ask such thing made Big Mona quiver in anger.
Big Mona grabbed the bottle of wine next to him and half-emptied it. He burped, wiped his lips using a napkin then sighed. He breathed in and breathed out.

“Calm down,” he said. “There’s no need to get worked up with just some brat.”

Big Mona read the last part of the letter.

If you manage to do these things, I will grant you exclusive rights to trade the middle-grade healing potions of Blackstone Town. I firmly believe that it’ll be a pivotal part of your business in the future, probably even more than the Kalrane Stones.

As a gift, I’ve provided you with a sample of a low-grade healing potion. Also, I’ve added the formula on how to brew the mixture. Take it as a token of my appreciation.

I expect the army within a week’s time.

-Lark Marcus

Big Mona snorted. What was the brat thinking? He would grant him exclusive rights to trade his so-called middle-grade healing potions? Laughable.

“Hey,” Big Mona called the servant over. “Give me that.”

The servant, still stiff with fear, handed him the parcel. Big Mona opened it and found a small vial inside. He opened it and sniffed its contents.

“This is his gift, huh? A low-grade healing potion.” Big Mona smirked. “To think that he believes this is enough for me to go to the trouble of recruiting a thousand soldiers in the Lion City and even persuade the Royal Family to mobilize the Army. Naïve. Truly naïve.”

Big Mona looked at the half-dead slave on the floor. He said to the servant, “You. Make her drink this thing.”

The servant carefully took the vial and as instructed, made the half-dead woman drink the potion.

An unexpected phenomenon occurred.

“W-What?” Big Mona shuddered.
The wounds of the half-dead servant started healing at a considerable rate noticeable by naked eyes. After a few minutes, the wounds fully closed and the color of her skin was back to normal. Although she was still unconscious, her breathing had stabilized somewhat.

“T-Tell the chief herbalist to come here!” shouted Big Mona “Quick! Make him come here!”

The servant jolted and ran out of the room. Several minutes after, a panting herbalist came inside. Big Mona handed him the recipe given by Lark. “Brew this thing exactly as instructed in this letter! Now!”

The herbalist immediately worked on the task. After impatiently waiting for two hours, Big Mona finally received the product. He went down to the underground jail beneath the Merchants Guild and asked the guards to take out some of the half-dead slaves inside.

“Make them drink this.”

The results were the same as before. The wounds on the bodies of the slaves healed at a very fast rate. The rate of healing was absurd that it was noticeable by human eyes.

Big Mona could not help but shudder. The potency of this healing potion was as good as the ones created by the Royal Chief Alchemist in the Capital, probably even better.

And he suddenly got his hands on the recipe.

Big Mona remembered the words written on the letter.

If you manage to do these things, I will grant you exclusive rights to trade the middle-grade healing potions of Blackstone Town.

The words ‘Middle-grade Healing Potions’ kept resonating in his mind. This recipe gifted to him was the so-called low-grade healing potions. If this was already this potent, then how much more would the middle-grade ones be?

Big Mona now understood why Lark Marcus was so arrogant in his letter.

He knew that there was no way for Big Mona to reject his proposal.
The fat merchant could already envision the benefits of monopolizing the trade of this legendary elixir. Becoming the top merchant in the entire Kingdom would not be far off in the future once he got hold of this product.

Big Mona stood there, contemplating.

There was only one answer to this.

“Prepare the carts,” he said to the servants. “I’m going to the Castle.”

Even if he had to pull out a thousand gold coins, Big Mona decided to persuade the City Lord to send several soldiers to that desolated town.

Chapter Ten

Valcres, the Lord of Lion City, was in a good mood lately. A few days ago, he received several beastmen from the Merchants Guild. And to his utter delight, half of them were from the Wolf Tribe. His favorite delicacy. The meat he wanted the most.

Valcres’ steps were light as he strolled through his castle’s dungeon. Accompanied by his guards, he looked through the metallic cages one by one, his eyes glimmering with delight as it feasted on the beastmen inside.

“How about this one, Lord?” His Head Chef, pointed at a nearby cage.

The guards immediately pointed the torch at it. The one inside shivered uncontrollably as an inaudible shriek escaped her lips.

“A young woman from the Wolf Tribe. The Merchants told us she’s a virgin. They’ve also made sure to take good care of her body.” The Chef’s voice was full of enthusiasm as he introduced the beastman. “As you can see, she hardly has any scratch on her. A rare find, indeed.”

Valcres peeked through the iron bars. His figure that almost spanned two meters created a looming shadow. The beastman slowly moved back, until her back hit the wall.

“How about her, Lord?” the Chef reiterated.

An ominous silence befell them. Valcres stared at the woman. “Prepare the meal. I want it served in my room in an hour.” The Chef bowed his head. “As you wish.”

On cue, the guards opened the cage, grabbed the shackled wolf beastman, and gagged her mouth. She struggled with all her might but the guards were stronger. With tears flowing down her eyes and unable to utter a single word through the gag, she silently cursed at the grinning Lord.

“Ah, like usual.” Valcres tapped his head with a finger. “Leave the head behind. I’ll add it to my collection later.”

After Valcres left the dungeon, a muffled cry echoed. The stench of blood permeated the air.
***

After choosing his meal for the day, Valcres went back to his office. It was a large room at the fourth floor of his castle, with several windows overlooking a portion of the city.

On the wall, a large portrait of a handsome young man with auburn hair hanged. He was wearing a full plate armor, with a long sword on his waist.

“It’s been years, huh?” Valcres reminisced.

The young man was him, several years before he became the Lord of this City. Back then, he was merely the fifth son in a family of knights. Using sheer talent and cunning abilities, he killed his father and brothers, climbed the ladder, and became the Head of the Family. He then used his position to create a rebellion, on the pretext that the current City Lord was a tyrant and a psychopath.

Becoming the Lord was not an easy task. The path he took was filled with so much blood. Without hesitation, he used the bodies of his enemies to climb to the top.

As he stared at the young man in the picture, he realized how much things have changed. His lean body was now gone. In their stead were flabby fat and oily skin. His auburn hair was gone, showing a shiny bald head. He looked like a pig when compared to his previous self. He knew it, but it did not matter any longer.

He had attained what he was longing for.

His butler entered the room. “Sir, the feast has been prepared below.”

Valcres salivated. “Just in time.” He put down the documents he was holding and stood up.

“Also, you have a visitor,” the butler slowly added.

“Visitor?” he frowned. As the Lord of the City, it was near impossible to meet him directly without prior arrangements. From the way the butler said it, it seemed that the visitor was already inside his castle.

Valcres immediately surmised. In the City, only two people could rival his authority. One was Alexander, the Mercenary Guild Master, and the other was Big Mona, the Head of the Merchants Guild.
“Alexander’s not here,” said Valcres. “Kain or Big Mona?” “It’s the Head of the Merchant Guild, My Lord.”
Valcres sighed. Although he owed the Merchant Guild a favor for always providing him with beastmen slaves, he did not want to meet that particular person. That man was shrewd. A sly fox. Someone probably even more cunning than him.

After a long pause, Valcres decided. “To the Dining Hall.” “Understood.”

***

[Vanguard Army – United Grakas Alliance]

After receiving an emergency message from an animal courier, the Vanguard stopped their advance. Rumors of how the scouts were discovered during their reconnaissance spread through their ranks.

After camping out in the wilderness, the group they were waiting for finally arrived.

Stone and his men looked famished, their reptilian faces sunken. Behind them, several unmounted burrcats followed. When the Scouts first set off for their reconnaissance mission, they numbered more than a dozen. Now, only four of them remained.

Stone jumped down the burrcat and briskly walked towards the Commander’s tent. The beastmen guarding the entrance looked at each other for a moment before opening the entrance’s flap.

Upon entering the tent, Stone was greeted with several pairs of scrutinizing eyes. There were five men in the room, sitting around a round table. On top of the table was a map.

“Captain Stone.” The man sitting at the center glared at him, his four muscular arms folded. “You’re late.”

“Commander Azura!” Stone quickly bowed his head. “I’m sorry! We had to stop for half a day to help the burrcats recuperate. It seems that a week of nonstop travel has ta—”
“—Enough.” Another beastman with four arms interjected. “I don’t need to hear your excuses. You adamantly told us in your letter to stop our advance and wait for reinforcements from the Main Army. Surely, you have a good reason for this?”

The beastman that spoke was the right-hand of Commander Azura and at the same time the Strategist of the Vanguard Army. He was the weakest beastman in this room right now, but due to his great intellect, he was highly regarded even within the Main Army. Some say that the real commander of the Vanguard was Lauro, the strategist, rather than Azura. After all, whatever Lauro says, Azura follows.

The reason why the Vanguard accepted his pleas to stop the advance of the army was probably due to this beastman. At the very least, Lauro decided to hear him out.

Since time was of essence, he merely wrote briefly about his encounter in Blackstone Town. These high-ranking officials have not yet heard of the full story.

Stone breathed in. He started recounting the story even to the most minute details.

After he was finished, the entire room was silent.

Eventually, Lauro broke the ice. “Someone easily saw through the magic of the Lizardmen Tribe?”

Had the story not come from Captain Stone himself, they would have not easily believed it. After all, even Commander Azura himself would have a hard time detecting the presence of Captain Stone if he used his camouflage magic.

According to Captain Stone, the human who cornered him like a rat was merely the commander of a private army of a small town. Why was such a formidable human living in such a remote place? According to Fior, Blackstone Town was a desolated place where even merchants seldom come by. It did not make sense that such a powerful human would choose to live in that town.

“Stone.” Azura’s eyes glimmered. “Who do you think is stronger? Me or that human?”
Stone reflexively swallowed the lump in his throat. Cold sweat started forming on his forehead. This was bad. He could clearly see the desire for carnage within the eyes of Commander Azura. This beastman loved fighting strong opponents, and this was actually the reason why he chose to become the Commander of the Vanguard. Azura loved the sensation of charging head-on to war, even if the odds were greatly against their favor. If not for Lauro shackling him, the Vanguard Army would have been wiped out several years ago due to Azura’s uncontrollable lust for the battlefield.

How should he answer? He had seen Azura fight countless times before, but he was still unsure whether he was stronger than that human monster.

“Answer me.” Azura suppressed his growl. His humanoid body – four arms, fur-filled chest and tail – twitched in anticipation.

Time seemed to freeze. Stone blurted out an answer, “It’s probably the human, C-Commander.”

He saw Lauro’s eyes widen. Stone realized that he gave out the wrong answer. There was no stopping Azura after this.

“Gahahahaha!” Azura rose from his seat, his laughter reverberating through the entire encampment. “Is that so?” Bloodlust permeated the air as his eyes glimmered in desire for carnage. “He’s strong, huh? Stronger than me?”
Azura grabbed his weapon leaning on the table – an axe large enough to cleave a horse in half. “Lauro, gather the soldiers. We are moving out. We are to resume our march.”

Lauro looked at Stone with disdain for giving the wrong answer, before replying to Azura. “But Commander Azura! We should at least ask for reinforcement from the Main Army! You’ve heard Captain Stone’s story! That town has around a hundred soldiers and that human monster! Our goal is to capture the Eastern Region for General Urkawi! Capturing that town is just the first step! We should do our best to minimize our casualties!”

Azura scratched his ears. “Enough. This is an order from me, your Commander. We are moving out.”

Lauro sighed. This was not the first time Azura ignored his advice. This was not the first time they charged head-on despite knowing the risks and the strength of their enemies.
Lauro grunted. “As you command.”

With heavy steps, Lauro went out of the tent and started gathering the soldiers.

Their destination was Blackstone Town.

Chapter Eleven

Lark placed a hand on the crystal next to him. A small portion of his mana was instantly sucked away by the orb. Moments after, images started playing inside it. He could see the clouds above, the trees below, the mountains beyond. He saw sceneries through the eyes of several birds he captured a week ago.

He breathed in, poured in more mana into the orb, and willed the birds to fly further west, towards the direction of the Valley of Witches. He continuously surveyed the surroundings, careful not to miss even the most minute of details.

The birds passed through the hills from before, then past the small forest beneath it, until it arrived at a plain with a flowing river.

Found it.

Numerous camps were seen here and there. Beastmen, armed to the teeth, were moving about. Lark willed the birds to circle around as he analyzed the enemies’ Vanguard.

Three hundred at most. A lot smaller than I thought.

It was exactly just like what the captured lizardman said. According to him, this group was led by a member of the Ogre Tribe – four-armed beastmen ranking among the highest even within the sixteen tribes.

Commander Azura. Captain Stone. And Vice Commander Lauro. Where are you?

As Lark continuously watched the army below through the eyes of the birds, he noticed a peculiar movement. An ogre came out of a tent and began gathering the soldiers. According to the captured lizardman, Vice Commander Lauro was practically the real commander of the Vanguard. He was the one who decided the tactics, routes, and formations. Although he could not supersede the Commander’s authority, his voice was enough to dictate the flow of the battlefield.

That must be him.

This was the conclusion Lark came to.
The four-armed beastman easily gathered the soldiers and disseminated the tasks. The magic Lark was currently using was limited only to visual surveillance and he could not hear the words uttered by the beastman, but just by carefully observing the movements and gestures, and the reactions of the soldiers around, it was easy to deduce that this man was the Vice Commander of the Vanguard.

Lark engraved the image of the Ogre in his mind. He started looking for Captain Stone, the leader of the Scouts, and Commander Azura himself. After several more minutes, several beastmen went out of the same tent.

One of them was a characteristically large, four-armed beastman holding an axe. Next to him was a lizardman.

In just a single glance, Lark knew he found his remaining targets.

Rage started seeping out as he looked at the lizardman. That bastard was the one who almost took the life of Gaston. The one who infiltrated the town with several people.

Although taking the lives of Commander Azura and Lauro were gravely important, Lark also vowed to kill the lizardman bastard.

They’re moving.

After confirming that the enemies have started moving, Lark cut off the surveillance magic. He summoned Anandra.

“You called for me, Young Lord?” said Anandra.

“Gather the soldiers and the Hunters from Gahelpa,” said Lark. “The enemies are coming. We’re moving out.”

“As you wish.” Anandra bowed his head and left the room.

“It’s your turn.” Lark looked at the stationary suits of armor next to the wall. Back then, these three were unable to fend off the lizardmen that infiltrated the town. Since their cores were made of several goblins, these living suits of armor were unable to see through concealment magic.

Light manifested themselves through the slit of their helmets. Monotonous growls reverberated through the room. The armors moved, creating several clanking sounds. In unison, the three knelt down before Lark.
“Show your worth” Lark donned his cloak and grabbed his sword. “Slaughter the enemies.”

***

Vice Commander Lauro sighed. Currently, the Vanguard Army was advancing through the plains, their destination was the desolated town far east of this place. More than half of the warriors were mounted on horses, some pulled carts, while the rest walked on foot.

Everyone was on high spirits. Despite the fact that the scouts were almost annihilated, the warriors still believed that it would be an easy feat to conquer that small town. After all, they have thrice the number of soldiers. Furthermore, they were being led by the Commander himself.

An ogre beastman approached Lauro. He whispered, “Sir, we’ve sent the message, just like you’ve ordered.”

Lauro subtly looked at him. “Good job. Return to your position.” “Yes, Sir!”

Since Commander Azura stubbornly refused to request reinforcements from the Main Army, Lauro had to do it in his stead. He discreetly sent out a message to General Urkawi to send at least a thousand more warriors to aid them in conquering the town. Although humans were weaker than beastman in general, they were shrewd and cunning. A perfect example was Alexander, the Mercenary Guild Master. That man annihilated Commander Brock’s entire army in just a single day using unheard of tactics, therefore completely blocking the advance of the Third Legion to the Valley of Witches.

Their army soon entered a forest.

Lauro frowned.

There was something eerie about this place.

The horses neighed as their army passed through the sea of trees. Leaves rained from above, as though it was autumn, and the ground was blanketed by dead leaves. The trees themselves looked half-withered, as though their lives had been recently sucked away from them.

Lauro summoned Stone. “Captain, this forest…”
Stone nodded. “It’s not like this when we first came here. It’s clearly dying.” His last words trailed off.

Although they were now sure that something was wrong with this forest, they were unable to pinpoint it out. Aside from the sound of hooves hitting the leaves-blanketed ground, the multiple footsteps of the warriors and the rattling carts, the forest was quiet. There were no signs of animals anywhere. Even the chirping of birds was nowhere to be found.

Lauro approached Commander Azura. “Commander, there’s something wrong about this forest.”

Azura snorted, making a steam puff out of his snout. “That’s obvious, Lauro. But we’ll be leaving it soon. See those hills beyond?”

The Commander was right. The forest was small, and it took their army only a couple of hours to pass through it. The end was in sight.
Nothing happened so far. I guess everything’s alright.

Lauro shook off the unnecessary worries within his mind.

Their army reached the hills. Upon reaching the top, they stopped for a few minutes to recuperate, then started the march again. Below the hills was another forest. This time, a large one. The trees in that forest were colossal, some of them spanning more than fifteen meters in height. Birds chirped and animal trails were seen here and there.

Lauro breathed a sigh of relief. At least, this area was normal.

They kept moving through the forest. Several hours after dusk, they stopped to recuperate.

“Pitch the tents!” Lauro ordered. “We are to camp here today!”

With trained movements, the warriors moved about and made camps. Lauro assigned several men to scout the surrounding areas and act as guards.

One of his men approached him and said, “Vice Commander, we’ve received a reply from the Main Army.”

“That’s fast.” Lauro opened the letter handed to him. After reading it, he frowned.
It seemed that a few days ago, Alexander launched a surprise attack to the Main Army, killing several hundred beastmen in the process. The human Mercenary Guild Master did it using only several elites, their numbers reaching only a few dozens.

As expected, that damn bastard would not stay put and simply let the Main Army pass through.

“They saw through the decoy, huh?” Lauro was grim.

He did not know how Alexander did it, but he somehow saw through their plan to circumvent the Valley of Witches and strike directly at the Eastern Region of the Kingdom of Lukas. Now, the Main Army’s preoccupied in dealing with sneak attacks from the humans. According to the General, it would take at least several days before they would be able to send out reinforcements for the Vanguard.

“If only that damn Alexander’s gone,” mumbled Lauro. “The Eastern Region’s as good as ours.”

He got to admit that Alexander’s a genius. In terms of strategical ability, that human surpassed Lauro by several leaps.

“Lauro!” a shout reverberated through the forest.

Looking at the source, he saw Commander Azura sitting next to a campfire, one of his four arms holding a half-emptied bottle of wine.

“Come! Drink!” Azura hiccupped. “Let’s celebrate the upcoming victory!”

Lauro almost smacked himself on the face upon seeing the Commander’s drunken face. He briskly walked towards Azura ang grabbed the bottle of wine.

“What are you doing?!” snarled Azura. He glared at Lauro, but the Vice Commander did not back down.

“I’m confiscating this,” said Lauro. He glared at the adjutants next to the Commander. “And the three of you. No drinking. Understood?!”

The adjutants were clearly crestfallen by the sudden declaration, but they conceded regardless.

“Lauro, let me empty that bottle at least!” Azura begged. “Please!”
“No!” Lauro’s head throbbed. “What are you thinking?! We’re going to battle in the next few days!”

Sometimes, he asked himself why he kept serving this drunkard. He got to admit, Azura was a monster in the battlefield, but his administrative and strategic skills were almost nil. A musclehead who would charge head-on regardless of the consequences.

Well, he did save my life back then.

Lauro sighed. He remembered that time when the Commander risked his life just to save his. It was a moment forever embedded within Lauro’s memories. Since then, he decided to wholeheartedly support the Commander despite his cantankerous personality.

Lauro raised his voice. “Listen, everyone! Whoever is caught drinking will be severely punished! I’ll make sure to report this personally to General Urkawi! Understood?!”

The warriors shivered upon the mention of the General’s name. They replied in unison, “Yes!”

“Lauro! Just one more bottle!” Azura groaned. He stood up and wobbled. “Please!”

Lauro did not reply and simply held on to the bottle of wine.

A few more days until they arrived at Blackstone Town. He had to make sure to babysit these guys until then.

As he was on his way back to the tent, he froze.

He felt a chilly sensation as a dagger pierced through his neck. He tried screaming for help, but no words came out. Blood incessantly flowed down his neck as his vision blurred.

“One down,” someone whispered through his ear. “Two to go.”

A shadow ran past him and entered the sea of trees, eventually disappearing from sight. It happened so fast that none of the beastmen were able to react.
He fell limp on the ground as his body twitched. He could no longer feel anything.
“Vice Commander!” The warriors around him finally noticed what was happening.

Damn it. I can’t die here. The Commander. If I die, what will happen to the Commander?

“Lauro!” He heard the Commander’s wail. “Damn it! Who is it?! Show yourself!”

Lauro’s body twitched again, the light in his eyes vanished, and he faded into the black.

As though on cue, arrows started flying out of the trees, piercing the bodies of the unsuspecting beastmen.

“We’re under attack!” shouted the adjutants. “Everyone! On your guard!” Unsheathing sounds echoed as the beastmen pulled out their weapons. Everyone readied themselves for the incoming charge.

But it did not come.

The barrage of arrows that took several dozens of lives stopped. The forest was once again quiet, with only the chirping of ravens as background.

Moments lingered. Commander Azura shouted, “What are you doing? After them! Search the area! Comb the entire forest! I want those bastards dead!”

He was still holding the dead Vice Commander in his arms, his entire body trembling as tears flowed down. Although Lauro was stubborn, he was the reason why Commander Azura reached his current position. It was no exaggeration to say that he was the mind that moved the entire Vanguard.

The sorrow within Azura was slowly replaced by vehement rage. He wanted to catch the culprit, hang him, tear him to shreds, and feed him to the burrcats. He wanted to personally mutilate his entire body.

Azura slowly placed the dead body to the ground. He wiped off the tears in his eyes and grabbed his battle-axe.

“Oborus, Lance,” he called out two of his three adjutants. “Bring your nimblest men with you. We will find and chase those bastards.”
The two nodded and immediately gathered their nimblest men.

“Kael,” snarled Azura.
“Sir!”

“You lead the rest of the men while we chase the enemies. Do not lower your guard!”

“Understood!” Kael made a salute.

One after another, beastmen started leaving the camp, with the Commander and his two adjutants at the lead. They ran through the forest, eventually disappearing through the shadows of the trees.

Kael shouted, “You heard the Commander! Be on your guard! Be ready to move out at any time!”

They have several carts with them, and it would be impossible for the entire army to chase after the enemies. Kael knew that the decision of the Commander to gather the nimblest men to chase after the enemies was best choice at that moment. They could also choose not to give chase, but since the bastards took the life of Vice Commander Lauro, everyone in the Vanguard Army wanted to rip the ambushers’ body into shreds. Had the Commander not assigned him to oversee the rest of the army, he would have also loved to give chase to their enemy.

Several minutes passed.

Kael’s round ears twitched as he heard rustling sounds from their rear. He reflexively pulled out his scimitars, each of his four hands holding one each.

“On your guard!” he snarled.

Soon, figures emerged from the shadows of the trees. Three of them, each wearing a cloak. From the gaps of the cloak, they could see the glint of metallic armor. With their every steps, clanking sounds echoed.

Kael have fought with humans wearing full plate armors before, and he knew the drawbacks of wearing one. In exchange of defense, they forsake a great portion of their movement and agility. It was practically easier to deal with them than mercenaries wearing leather armors.

“Only three?” he smirked. He raised his voice. “Stab them through the gaps of the armor!”
On cue, the beastmen started charging at the intruders. Most of them carried axes, while some carried scimitars, longswords, and spears.

The suits of armor made a long, wailing sound. It started charging towards the beastmen, eventually colliding with them.

To Kael’s surprise, the beastmen flew to the air upon impact. The suits of armor continued charging, unscathed by the collision, growls escaping their lips.

“W-What’s happening?!”

Beastmen have inherently stronger physique than humans. Even if these three were wearing full plate armors, it should have been impossible to make those warriors fly through the air upon impact.

Kael grasped his weapons tightly. He readied himself for the upcoming battle. He needed to personally face them, otherwise, they would suffer casualties. This was what his instinct screamed at him.

But to his astonishment, the suits of armor did not engage in battle but instead continued running towards the direction of the carts. Upon reaching it, they pulled out a talisman from the pouch on their waists and stamped in onto the carts.

A few seconds after the talismans were stamped, the symbols engraved on it glowed, and the parchment burned into white flames. The flames licked the carts, quickly spreading through their entire bodies. Everything happened so fast that Kael and his men were momentarily stunned speechless by what transpired.

“T-They’re targeting the supplies!” shouted one of the warriors. Kael realized it too. “Stop them!”

