
“This place is no longer safe.” Urkawi summoned the guards. “Pass my orders to everyone. We will march towards that hill in the distance.”

He said to the shamans, “I want all of you to start concocting the medicine for this. I want all of the beastmen cured after a week and a half.”
The shamans protested, “But General! We couldn’t possible make enough medicine for ten thousand beastmen! In a week, we could only probably concoct enough for a half a thousand at most! The herbs we’ve brought with us are limited!”

“We’ll capture the town in the next four to five days.” Urkawi did not doubt this statement in the slightest. “You’ll have enough time after that.”

Soon, the sleeping camp immediately blazed into life. Guided by torches, the soldiers marched for several hours until they reached the hills. News about Magic Poisoning had spread out. By the time they reached the hill top, they could hear several protests that they should probably stop and recuperate.

The warriors were becoming uneasy.

Urkawi looked at the map.

Our target is near. Four days. We can make it there in four days. We’ll have more than enough time to heal the Magic Poisoning by then.

He firmly believed that the town would fall in less than a day, maybe less than hour at most. After all, his army was a Legion.

Despite the uneasiness and complaints, the Legion continued their march.

After four days, they finally arrived at the forest adjacent to the town.

“Hey, there’s still some time before summer starts, right?” One of the warriors said.

“That’s obvious, moron.”

“But look at the ground.” He stomped his foot on the ground, creating crisp sounds. “It’s filled with dead leaves. You’d think its autumn with all these things scattered about.”

Just like the beastman said, the entire forest was currently blanketed by dried leaves. It felt unnatural in this weather. Furthermore, there was a peculiar scent wafting through the air. A sweet, fragrant scent.

“Stop bickering.” One of the officers reprimanded them. “We’re almost there.”
As the group continued their march, one of the scouts returned and immediately reported to the General.

General Urkawi noticed that the scout was pallid, his entire body quivering. “What’s wrong?”

The scout continued to tremble. “It’s… It’s terrible.” He choked the next words out. “Up ahead! The heads! The Vanguard Army is up ahead!”

“What do you mean?” said General Urkawi. “Snap out of it!”

But the scout refused to answer. He merely stood there, trembling from what he saw.

General Urkawi frowned. The words of the scout did not make sense. Was he trying to tell him that the Vanguard had been waiting for their arrival this entire time? But why did the Vanguard not respond to their messages via animal couriers?

“Hasten the pace,” said the General. “Move!”

The army quickened their steps. And after several minutes, they realized what the terrified scout was trying to say.

Hundreds of severed beastmen heads were dangling from the branches of the trees. Several of them still have their eyes open, their faces distorted in agony.

All those who saw them realized what these beastmen went through before they died. At first, the Legion was filled with terror, but the emotion called rage soon consumed everything.

With vehement fury, they looked further ahead, towards the direction where the town was. Everyone decided that they would rip those human bastards to shreds. They would make them die in the most painful way possible.

“Azura,” breathed General Urkawi.

The head of the Commander of the Vanguard stood on the ground for everyone to see, his neck pierced by a wooden spear. At the bottom of the spear was a wooden placard. Surprisingly, the words written on it were on Albahim, the language of beastmen.

War is pointless. Go back to your country. This is a warning.
It was a straightforward statement.

“War is pointless?!” growled the General. “Go back to our country?! These damn humans!”

This region originally belonged to the beastmen. At least, that was what their history books stated. Everyone in the army believed that they were simply reclaiming what was rightfully theirs.

“Take all of the heads of our comrades. They shall be buried in our homeland.” The General’s voice was loud and clear. “As for these humans… Crush them! Warriors of the Third Legion! Forward!”

The beastmen gnashed their teeth. They gripped their weapons and continued marching. Soon, they saw their target. A town enveloped by a wooden wall, moats and trenches.

General Urkawi did not expect the town to be a small fortress. With these fortifications, it’ll take some time before they captured the town.

“But it still just a town.” General Urkawi smirked. The hatred within his eyes continued blazing. “These low lives think we’ll turn tail after seeing those corpses? Hah!”

General Urkawi could still vividly remember the corpse of Commander Azura. He trembled in rage. He roared, “These damn humans dared desecrate the corpses of our comrades! Warriors! Charge!”

A straightforward battle without use of any tactics.

General Urkawi planned on showing these humans the difference in strength between their races. He planned to show them that against such number, what awaited were only despair and death.

Thousands of soldiers ran out of the forest and charged towards the town. A horn resounded from the wooden watchtower behind the walls. On cue, arrows flew out and struck the beastmen.

But blinded by their rage, they continued charging regardless. Under the command of Phantomin, a group of beastmen carried several logs with them. They used it to cover a small portion of the trenches, creating a bridge to let the army pass through.
Despite the barrage of arrows, the beastmen continued setting up the bridges despite the rising casualties on their sides. Several warriors raised their shields and protected those that were setting up the footholds.
“Archers!” roared General Urkawi. “Fire!”

A hundred archers from the Legion fired their arrows. The previously unending barrage of attacks from the humans immediately stopped. The beastmen used this chance to cross over the trenches. And with their weapons, they started destroying the wooden gate.

General Urkawi knew that it would only be a matter of time before this puny town falls in their hands. He snorted. As expected of humans.

As he was savoring the upcoming victory, shouts suddenly came out from their rear. To be precise, it came from the beastmen hiding in the forest.

General Urkawi quickly turned towards the forest and his eyes widened by what he saw.

The forest was on fire!

How was this possible? In just the span of a few minutes, the entire forest was blazing in flames, and the warriors stationed at the rear – the shamans, reserve soldiers, and those who handled the rations – were all being burned alive.

His instinct screamed at him.

He eventually realized what was going on.

The forest unnaturally littered with dried leaves. The sweet, fragrant scent which filled the air.

The severed heads of his comrades were nothing but a diversion. Blinded by their rage, they failed to realize that the forest ground had been soaked with oil all around.

All of them were planned by these damn humans!

He gnashed his teeth and clenched his fists. A third of all his men were still inside that forest. Even now, he could hear their agonized wails. From the sky, he could see fire arrows raining down.
It seemed that several human archers were lying in wait in the forest all this time, waiting to burn the beastmen alive.

“The town’s a bait,” Fior came running to him. “Their real targets are the soldiers in our rear. And it’s also the place where we kept our rations and herbs.”

Losing those things would be a devastating blow to this Legion. Capturing this town was only the first step, after all.

After this, they would be pointing their swords at the Lion City and at the entire Eastern Region. If these humans succeeded in their plan of annihilating their shamans, rations and reserve soldiers, their plan of conquering the Eastern Region would be pushed back by several months.
“We could still save them,” said the Rabbit. “Please order the magicians to summon the rain.”

That was a Grand Scale Magic which would consume all of the mana of his magicians. But General Urkawi knew that anything weaker than that would not work against the forest fire.

“Very well,” he said eventually. “Tell the magicians to put out the fir—”

He had yet to finish his statement when a deafening sound reverberated and the earth shook. General Urkawi instinctively turned towards the direction of the town.

“What the hell?”

Boulders were raining down from the sky!

Urkawi did not know how the humans managed to throw those things, but they were obviously effective against the beastmen trying to cross over the trenches. The boulders were probably made of hardened mud, as they immediately broke into several small pieces upon impact. Those who were hit immediately died on the spot.

Urkawi roared, “What are you doing?! Even if it kills you, charge! Break down the gates! Break down the walls!”

Despite the unreasonable order, the warriors still charged ahead. Some of them were shot down by arrows, but there were those who successfully reached the gates.
Just when they were about to break them, the gates opened. This momentarily stunned the beastmen. And as though toying with them, several humans wearing leather armors pointed crossbows at the invaders. Without hesitation, they fired and killed the beastmen, then shut the gates once again.

Veins popped on Urkawi’s forehead. What he just witnessed was humiliating. It was as though the humans did not fear them at all! They even opened the gates just to directly fire at the beastmen pummeling through it!

Urkawi looked at the forest, then at the town. Capturing this tiny territory was proving to be difficult as time passed by. Who would have known that the humans would build walls and trenches? If he turned around now, he could still save those inside the forest. After all, he still had his magicians.

“What are the magicians waiting for?!” said the General. “Put out the fire! Put out the damn fire!”

The magicians pooled their mana and cast a Grand Scale Magic. Thunderclouds roared and the sky dimmed. Slowly, droplets fell down the sky. This single spell consumed all the mana of his magicians. It’ll take some time before he could utilize them for battle again.

General Urkawi contemplated for a moment.

His decision here would dictate whether or not his men would live.

Eventually, he decided. “Fall back for now. We’ll save our comrades.”

They couldn’t afford to lose thousands of warriors from the fire.

The beastmen warriors slowly retreated, leaving behind numerous corpses of their comrades. The rain did not put out the fire, but it was more than enough to make it possible for the army to pass through and retrieve the warriors inside.

Chapter Twenty-Three


On top of the watchtower, Mikael stared at the retreating army of beastmen beyond the wall. Even from this distance of almost a kilometer, he could see the swarm of green and brown entering the burning forest. With his amplified senses, he could see the desperate attempt of those beastmen to rescue their comrades burning inside the forest.

“But how?” he mumbled.

How did Lark Marcus predict all these things until now?

Three days before this attack, he ordered his men to spread castrel oil inside the forest, along with several dozen barrels of dried leaves. Mikael could still remember the words the young noble said that time:

The enemies will arrive in three days. They’ll surely enter this part of the forest.

It was as though he knew everything from the start. Did he plant a spy within the ranks of the beastmen? That was the only possibility he could think of. Otherwise, it would have been impossible to monitor the movements of their enemies from so far away.

The tactics used by Lark was simple, almost an out-of-the-textbook method of dealing with the enemies, but it proved very effective. Even now, Mikael could see the fiercely burning forest ahead. Even with the summoned rain, the fire continued to blaze. With this single exchange, probably thousands of beastmen succumbed to their banes.

Mikael knew that anyone else would be hard-pressed to mimic this feat. Although it looked simple at first glance, a lot of variables played vital roles in initiating this plan.

First, one needed a wide view of the battlefield as a whole: Where the enemies were. Where they would come from. Their numbers. Their strengths. And even the personality of their commanders. If even a single one of these things were missing, this plan was doomed to fail. If the enemy’s leader did not charge recklessly while bringing all of his magicians
with him or if the enemies took a different path in the forest, things would have unfolded differently.

“Do as we planned!” the Commander of the Blackstone Soldiers shouted. “Open the gates! Move out!”

The gates opened and several men started pushing a removable wooden bridge. After it perfectly crossed over the trench, the soldiers started moving out of the town. There were several hundreds of them.

The man next to Mikael struck the gong then blew the horn.

A war cry. It signaled the counter attack from the humans.

The retreating beastmen looked at their rear. They were clearly flustered after seeing hundreds of soldiers armed to the teeth. They clearly did not expect to see such an army from a very small town.

Since these soldiers were originally from Lion City, most of them have experiences in subjugating monsters. Almost all of them had experienced war.

The beastmen knew that if they were to clash now, they would be unable to save the thousands of beastmen trapped in the forest. Those who survived the forest fire must have been too weak to move right now. Even with the help of the pouring rain, they would be unable to get out.

“Split into three groups and enter the forest!” roared the General. “Phantomim! Valanar!”

The two officers nodded their heads. The two led their own detachments. They entered different paths of the forest and started rescuing their comrades. The General, on the other hand, stayed behind to confront the army of humans. With only a thousand soldiers, he stood right before the forest’s entrance.

“Warriors!” roared General Urkawi. “We’ll slaughter these damn humans! Be ready to charge at any time!”

“Understood!”

Each of the warriors with him have rage burning within their eyes. They could still remember the defiled bodies of their comrades. With vehement fury, they all steeled themselves for the upcoming clash –
—But it never came.

Half an hour had passed since the human army came out of the town. But peculiarly, they simply stood there, unmoving.

After several more minutes, the gates opened and the army retreated inside.

“What was that?” mumbled the General.

By estimate, there was almost a thousand soldiers on the human’s side. They could have turned the tables around had they attacked them right now then retreated after a clash.

Still baffled by what transpired, General Urkawi ordered his men to enter the forest. Now was not the time to think about these trivialities.

“Spread out! Bring back the injured!”

Upon his orders, the beastmen warriors started rescuing their comrades.

***

An hour after the beastmen retreated, several dozens of soldiers stealthily went towards the southern gate of the town. They took a roundabout path in the forest until they arrived at the southern plains.

The gates opened and the wooden bridge was pushed over the trench. The group of soldiers entered the town.

“Welcome back, Young Master,” Gaston greeted Lark.

Lark was carrying a bow with him, with an almost empty quiver on his back. Behind him were the hunters from Gahelpa and several archers from Lion City.

“The beastmen have retreated,” reported Gaston. “And just like you’ve ordered, we did not clash with the enemy directly.”

Lark already knew this. He nodded in satisfaction. “Good work.”

According to the vision sphere, the Third Legion stayed overnight in the dead forest filled with miasma. An army as large as that would be hard-pressed to treat all of their soldiers. All they need to do right now was to wait for the effects of Magic Poisoning to kick in. Clashing with them right now would lead to innumerable casualties.

“Where’s Commander Daltos?” said Lark.
“Ah, he’s at the eastern gate. They started repairing the broken parts of the gates and the blocked trenches,” said Gaston. “Do you want me to summon him, My Lord?”

“There’s no need for that. I’ll go see him myself.” Lark wanted to see the aftermath of the battle up close.

Lark rode the carriage and went towards the eastern border. The gate was open, and several soldiers were busy moving about outside the wall. Some of them were carrying wooden planks, while some carried shovels and pickaxes.

It was impossible to see from the outside through the gate, but a stone wall was being made right next to the wooden palisade. Thanks to the cement and the hundreds of helping hands from Lion City, constructing the stone wall went at a quick pace. At this rate, it would probably take less than a week before the eastern wall was completed. It did not have to be perfect right now, Lark knew.

“Ah, Young Master!” one of the soldiers noticed the arrival of Lark.

Immediately the soldiers stopped in their tracks. Some bowed, while some made their salutes.

After driving away the Third Legion, Lark earned the respect of the majority of the soldiers. When they first saw the enemies numbering in the thousands, everyone froze in fear and shock. Just like what the Young Master said, the enemies did come.

But thankfully, everyone had been briefed of their strategy beforehand. A small detachment of archers lied waiting inside the forest, while the rest of the soldiers cooped themselves inside the walls, all the while retaliating with clay boulders and arrows.

Still, the wooden wall was not enough to deter the advance of the beastmen. Had it not been for the sudden forest fire which burned down the reserved soldiers of their enemies and their supplies, the town would have already fallen to the beastmen’s hands by now.

Just like what Lark predicted, the Beastmen could not risk losing a third of their forces on the first day of the battle just to capture a small town. They
immediately stopped in their attacks and prioritized the rescue of their comrades.

Everything until that point had been according to the Young Master’s plan. Knowing this, the soldiers could not help but look at him in awe. A simple but effective tactic. They did not expect someone so young to be so well-versed in the art of war.

“Young Lord.” Commander Daltos approached him upon receiving news of his arrival. He scrutinized Lark from head to foot. “Thank God. It seems you’re fine.”

“Of course.” Aside from his sweaty forehead, Lark was unscathed. The moment the beastmen retreated into the forest, he immediately ordered his men to stealthily go back to the southern gate. “How’s the preparations?”
Daltos looked at the soldiers behind him. All were busily moving about with their own tasks. “We’re ready to move out at any time. Like you’ve ordered, we made three small detachments. Forty soldiers each.”

Lark looked at the sky. It would soon become dusk.

“Gather the first detachment. We’ll move out half an hour from now.” “Understood!”

***

The beastmen army busily moved about in the forest. With the help of the summoned rain, they found it possible to rescue their comrades. Still, the results were rather disappointing. More than half of the beastmen trapped in the forest fired were burned alive, while the remaining ones were crippled by the fire. The survivors were on the verge of death after being scorched by the flames and after breathing thick smoke.

General Urkawi personally led the rescue operation.

Sadness. Hatred. Frustration. All sorts of emotions ran through his mind as he pulled out the surviving beastmen from the forest fire.

He had not expected his enemies to be this thoroughly prepared. As a war veteran, he expected the town to simply open its gates and let the Army pass through in exchange of preserving their lives. And even if there was
some resistance, it would have been all for naught before his Legion. That was, after all, nothing but a desolated town in the middle of the wilderness.

Was he too arrogant to assume easy victory over these humans?

General Urkawi shook his head. Now was not the time to think of these trivialities. He needed to prioritize the rescue mission right now.

If he lost a third of his army here, he would lose face before his entire Clan. After all, this was just the first step in their goal of conquering the Eastern Region. To reclaim the land originally theirs.

General Urkawi carried two unconscious beastmen on his arms as he made his way towards the camp.

“Ah, General,” Phantomim’s voice trailed off. “About the thing you asked us to do–”

General Urkawi stopped in his tracks as he silently listened.

“It seems the enemies purposely targeted our supplies during that attack.” Phantomim was grim. “I’ve checked the remaining rations. We only have enough to last a day or two at most.”

General Urkawi suppressed a sigh. His head throbbed. “The medicines?”

Phantomim shook his head. “They were all burned during the attack, including several of our shamans. Right now, we only have three shamans remaining. Even if we rescue everyone, it’ll be impossible to treat the entire army.”

No one expected such an attack during this clash. Who would have known that the enemy would purposely light the forest on fire to burn down their supplies? It was a strategy impossible to pull through unless the humans have been given several days of preparation.

Was there a spy among their ranks? General Urkawi had yet to find out.

“Phantomim,” said the General.

“Sir?”

“For now… Keep this a secret for now. I’ll be bad for the morale if the warriors find out. Two days, huh? Then we’ll just have to conquer that
damn town in two days.” General Urkawi tried his best to remain calm in front of his subordinate. “And I have a task for you.”

General Urkawi lowered his voice. “Find the spy among our ranks.” Phantomim’s eyes widened for a moment. “A spy? I see… It makes sense.”

General Urkawi nodded. “The humans knew the path we would take and even the formation of our army. They wouldn’t have been so bold in their strategy otherwise. There must be a spy among the warriors. Find him.”

“As you wish.” Phantomim bowed his head.

After his right-hand man left, General Urkawi laid the two unconscious beastmen on the ground and went inside his tent. Outside, he could hear the numerous footsteps of his men as they moved about.

He opened the map on the table and analyzed the topography of the region.

“General?” Fior entered the tent. After locking eyes with the General, the Rabbit bowed. “The enemy started moving, Sir.”

General Urkawi frowned. “Report.”

“According to our scouts, over a hundred infantry soldiers stood guard before the walls. The humans started burning the dead bodies of our warriors.” Fior chocked the words out. “They also started repairing the broken walls.”

General Urkawi trembled in rage. Just like before, the humans were defiling the dead bodies of their comrades.

Burning the dead bodies? How loathsome. He vowed within his heart that he would rip them to shreds once given the chance.

“General,” said Fior. “After recovering the bodies in the forest, I suggest that we immediately resume our attack.”

It seemed that the Rabbit was thinking the same thing as him. General Urkawi also planned on immediately launching an offensive once they secured the beastmen trapped in the forest fire. He knew that if he delayed their attack any longer, the humans would have fortified their defenses even further. And to make things worse, the entire Legion have been inflicted by that damnable Magic Poisoning.
Right now, time was the ally of humans.

General Urkawi was about to summon the officers to tell them about the plan when suddenly, commotion broke outside. The sound of metal clanked and shouts reverberated.

“We’re under attack!”

“Protect the injured! Go towards the back!”

General Urkawi and Fior momentarily looked at each other. Immediately, they went out of the tent and was surprised by what they saw.

The camp, which served as infirmary, was in chaos. From the sky, numerous arrows rained down.

Numerous beastmen carried the injured with them towards a safer place, while the warriors raised their shields to block the attacks.

“General!” Several warriors ran towards Urkawi. “Your orders, Sir!”

General Urkawi’s eyes swiveled left and right. He quickly scanned his surroundings.

“Two places,” said General Urkawi. “The enemies are over there.” He pointed at two parts of the forest. He was sure that that was the place where the enemies were hiding.

“Gather the Black Scimitar. We’re moving out!”

On his command, several beastmen with chain mails and black scimitars on their waist gathered. General Urkawi summoned their leader. “Jakal, take the left side.”

“Understood!” Jakal saluted.

The Black Scimitars separated into two groups. One was led by Jakal, while the other was personally led by the General himself. They did not waste any more time and immediately chased after the humans hiding in the forest.

At the same time, Lark, who had been watching everything using the vision crystal, smirked. In this attack, they managed to kill less than a dozen beastmen, but that was more than enough.

The real goal of this mission was to buy enough time for the Magic Poisoning to kick in. Lark knew that if he did not initiate these guerrilla
attacks, the Legion would catch its breath and launch an all-out offensive against Blackstone Town.

Even with poisoned bodies, the sheer number of enemies would be enough to topple the town’s defenses.

What Lark needed right now was time. And once the time was right, he would retaliate with an offensive lethal strike.

Just as planned, all of the soldiers separated into smaller groups and spread out into the forest, then gathered at a set coordinate. Lark purposely left fake trails for their pursuers. Although it may not be enough to completely fool the enemies, it would be enough to buy them time to escape and return to Blackstone Town.

“We’re returning to the South Gate,” said Lark.

With that single command, the small group stealthily moved through the forest, circumventing the beastmen camp.

Chapter Twenty-Four


After retreating back into the town, Lark rested for an hour then gathered the second group to launch another guerrilla attack. They hid carefully in the forest as they watched the enemy camp. The last attack proved effective. Numerous beastmen scouted the perimeter of their camp, forming a tight barrier which seemed impossible to break through. A single misstep would give out their location.

“Young Master, what should we do?” one of the soldiers worriedly asked. “There’s a lot of them patrolling the area. We won’t be able to attack their camp at this rate.”

Lark calmly replied, “It’s fine. We’re not here to slaughter them anyways. At least, not now.”

Lark could clearly see the fear within the eyes of the beastmen scouts. The fear of the unknown. The fear that in this dark forest, the humans would attack them once again.

Like a beast awaiting its prey, Lark and his men silently lurked in the shadows of the forest. None of them made a sound. They simply waited for the signal from the Young Lord.

“Hey, over there!” one of the scouts shouted.

At first, they thought that they have been spotted. The next words of the beastmen made them sigh in relief.

“It’s a boar! A young boar!”

The five scouts began to murmur to themselves.

“Hey, if we follow it, we can still catch it.”

“Are you out of your mind? We can’t leave our post for that damn thing!”

“But the humans burned down our rations! I’m sure everyone’ll be glad once we take back the meat with us!”

Eventually, they came to a consensus. It was decided that three of them would hunt the boar, while the remaining two would remain in their
positions.

Lark nodded at his men, and everyone immediately understood what he meant. Their patience finally paid off. Now, it was time to hunt.

Lark watched as the three scouts entered deeper into the forest. Once they were a good distance away, he gave the signal for massacre. On cue, arrows whizzed through the cold air and struck the beastmen. Two of them were hit right at the neck and immediately kicked the bucket, while the remaining one was struck at the calf.

“E-Enemi—”

Before he could shout, Lark’s sword pierced through his chest. Blood splattered out and the beastman fell limp on the ground.

The shrubberies to their left moved. Everyone pointed their bows at it.

“The boar,” mumbled one of the soldiers.

The boar stared at the humans for a moment, before it scurried away in fright.

Lark flicked his sword, removing the blood that clung to it, then sheathed it into the scabbard.

“Should we hunt the remaining two?” said one of the soldiers.

“There’s no need for that.” Lark shook his head. “Like I’ve said before, we’re not here to slaughter the enemies. It’s too early for that. If we fight them head-on right now, we’ll suffer numerous casualties.”

He stared at the corpses on the ground. “Cut their heads and hang them on the trees.”

The soldiers bit their lips. Once again, the order given out by the Young Master was morbid. Still, as veteran soldiers from the Lion City, they easily agreed.

Lark approached a nearby tree. He touched its trunk and using magic, carved a message for the beastmen.

Go back.

You do not belong here.

You have been warned.
We’ll come and slaughter you as you sleep.

“Good,” whispered Lark. He grinned.

This should be enough to instill fear within those bastards. And even if it proved ineffective, it should still deter them from initiating an all-out attack against Blackstone Town. Right at the very start, that was the true goal of this mission. Given enough time, these beastmen would have their strengths sapped away by the curse called Magic Poisoning. Once that time came, Lark decided to slaughter all of them.

Kill or be killed.

He would not let them touch his people.

After stealthily killing another group of scouts and hanging their severed heads on the trees, Lark and his group went back to Blackstone Town.

***

Morning came.

All of the officers of the Third Legion gathered inside a tent.

General Urkawi suppressed a yawn. He had not slept at all. During the night, he received several reports of attacks from the humans. To make matters worse, the way his warriors were killed was outright brutal. Their heads were severed from their bodies and hanged on the branches of trees.
General Urkawi remembered the words written on the tree trunk. He trembled in rage.

“Go back?” he growled. “After defiling the corpses of our kin, these humans expect us to simply go back?!”

General Urkawi gnashed his teeth. The silver-black hair covering his entire body stood on their edges. “I swear on the name of my Clan that I’ll rip these humans to shred and feed them to the burrcats!”

Silence befell the officers inside the tent. No one dared to make a sound. The vehement rage within the eyes of the General made everyone freeze in fright.

“Fior.” The General turned his attention to the Rabbit sitting at the farthest part of the table.
The Rabbit fixed his glasses. He pulled out a thin stack of documents. “These are the data we’ve gathered so far.”

He handed the documents to the General and began reciting its contents by heart. “After analyzing the defenses of the town, we came to a conclusion. The wooden walls were something built by the humans not too long ago.

The cut down trees in a nearby forest was more than enough proof of that.” “Then you’re trying to say…” Phantomim’s voice trailed off.

Fior nodded. “That’s right. The humans built these walls in anticipation of an incoming attack.”

The entire room buzzed into commotion. They did not expect the intelligence network of the humans to be this advance. They could not help but think that there was a spy among their ranks. It did not make sense otherwise.

“And the soldiers?” said the General.

Fior frowned. “Just like what the shamans expected, Sir. Right now, several dozen beastmen are showing symptoms of Magic Poisoning. We believe that the disease was aggravated by the events that transpired these past few days.”

Fior paused and looked at everyone in the room. “General, with all due respect, I suggest that we launch another all-out offensive against the humans.”

The Rabbit’s words made sense, but General Urkawi could not easily issue out the orders. Right now, they were still suffering casualties from the ambushes of the humans. The number of killed scouts were only in the dozens, but it was enough to instill fear among their ranks. After all, the dead bodies were mutilated.

Also, there were over a thousand injured beastmen currently recuperating in the infirmary. Those guys were easy targets for these humans, and General Urkawi knew that once given the chance, they might once again use underhanded tricks like last time. Furthermore, if the humans suddenly attacked the camp where the infirmary was located, the beastmen army would have a hard time fighting back.
It was no exaggeration to say that the Legion was crippled at the moment.

“Retreating is an option—,” said Fior.

“—Out of the question,” spat the General. “The will of the Beast King is absolute.”

General Urkawi knew that his head would come rolling if he retreated now. What would he say to the Beast King? That he retreated because his army was inflicted by a simple curse? That a simple out-of-the-textbook tactic of mere humans managed to drive him into a corner? He inwardly shook his head. He could not let that happen.

“If retreat is not an option,” said Fior. “Then an all-out offensive is our last resort.”

The entire room silently listened to the Rabbit.

“Leave a unit to guard our injured comrades, and with the entire might of the Legion,” the Rabbit’s eyes turned predatory. “Crush the enemies in a single blow.”

The General stared at the Rabbit. He sighed, “Haa.”

After a deep breath, he said to Phantomim, “Gather the Black Scimitars, Red Lotus, and the Diabolos Units. We’ll start our counteroffensive against those damn bastards.”

Phantomim did not dare question the General’s commands. “Understood.” “Kratos.”

“General,” a beastman which resembled an elf replied. He looked more human than a beastman.

“You’ll be in-charge of protecting the camp while we’re gone,” said the General. “I’ll leave half a thousand men with you and a few magicians.”

“Leave it to me.” Kratos bowed. “I’ll make sure those pesky humans are unable to harm our injured comrades.”

With this, the board was finally set.

After the necessary preparations, the three main units of the Third Legion – the Black Scimitars, the Red Lotus, and the Diabolos Units – moved out. They numbered several thousands, and each were armed to the teeth.
Although it was noticeable that they were fatigued, most definitely due to Magic Poisoning, just their number alone was enough to send shivers down one’s skin.

To raise morale, the three flags of each unit fluttered in the air as they marched.

The moment they moved out of the forest, the sound of a gong was heard inside the walls of the town. The mellifluous sound of the horn rang out. Immediately, the workers fortifying the wooden gates ran back inside. The wooden bridge was taken out and the gates closed.

***

The moment the horn was blown, the entire town moved as one. The workers outside went back, the bridge was pulled out, and the gates were closed. Numerous weapons, which resembled catapults, were placed behind the walls. The soldiers started loading hardened clays on it, while several archers assumed their formations behind the gates.

On the watch tower, the elite archers – the hunters from Gahelpa Village – stood with their bows on their hands.

Previously, they participated in burning down the forest and shooting down those who tried to escape the fire. Clearly, these beastmen did not know yet of the fearsome strength of their arrows imbued with mana. A feat possible only because of the bows bestowed upon them by the Young Master.

Outside the walls, over a hundred beastmen formed a defensive line with wooden wankel shields. They slowly marched forward, confident that the arrows of these humans would not penetrate their line. Behind them, the magicians started chanting their spells.

Lark felt the undulating mana which filled the air. Thankfully, the magicians of the beastmen were incapable of chantless magic. As the runes started forming below their feet, Lark immediately issued his orders to the elite archers.

“The real threat in this war are those magicians,” said Lark. “Valak.”

Valak immediately understood what the Young Master meant. He nock an arrow and imbued it with mana. His targets were those magicians hiding
behind the defensive line.

“Do it.”

On cue, Valak release his arrow. It shot forward, unhindered by the wind. It pierced through a wankel shield then struck a magician right at the head. Blood splattered as the magician fell limp and lifeless on the ground.

And that was the start.

The other hunters from Gahelpa nock their arrows and started firing with pinpoint accuracy at the magicians. Under the unending fire, the magicians panicked and were unable to complete their magic.

Seeing this, the General ordered his men to cluster the shields together to form a tighter barrier – but it proved useless against the arrows imbued with mana.

“What’s going on?” General Urkawi was flustered.

When they first attacked the town, only ordinary arrows flew out. But this attack on their magicians right now were clearly from magic arrows. Lethal weapons infused with mana.

His instinct screamed at him that now was the chance. While those archers were occupied with killing the magicians, General Urkawi ordered an all-out charge.

“Annihilate the damn bastards! Kill these pesky humans!”

With a roar, General Urkawi led the charge himself. Thousands of beastmen charged towards the town, and at the same time, volleys of arrows flew down the sky and struck them down. Still, despite their wounds, the beastmen continued their attack.

There was no tactic involved in this one.

An offensive which relied purely on numbers.

And it seemed that the General’s decision was right.

Several beastmen managed to destroy a portion of the wooden wall. Like locusts, they swarmed inside. Metals clanked and blood filled the air as humans and beastmen fought to their deaths.
Slowly, the beastmen started pushing back the humans. General Urkawi grinned from this sight. On his left, beastmen stoppered the trenches with giant logs and began crossing to the other side. With their sheer strength, another portion of the wall broke down. Beastmen also started swarming inside.

General Urkawi knew that it was only a matter of time before the town fell into their hands.

But an unexpected scenario played out.

An ominous moan reverberated. It reminded the beastmen of a monster on the brink of death. A split second after, bodies of beastmen started flying as three suits of armor rampaged about. The swarming beastmen were immediately stopped in their tracks.

General Urkawi did not know where those three suddenly came from, but each of them should have the same strength as Phantomim.
General Urkawi was about to personally slay those three himself when another commotion broke out.

On the other pathway, beastmen warriors were being slaughtered left and right. Their cries of anguish and terror reverberated. General Urkawi squinted and he soon saw the perpetrator of the massacre.

A young man with golden hair used a claymore to cleave the beastmen warriors in half. The human moved swiftly, leaving behind afterimages.

What’s that?

Behind the man with golden hair was a giant. A human clad in flames. The flames blocked all attacks directed at the human. It was as though he was a living, impregnable fortress.

The three suits of armor were blocking the opened path to the right.

The two human monsters were blocking the path to the left.

Despite their numbers, the beastmen were unable to advance any further. General Urkawi gnashed his teeth. “Phantomim.”

His right-hand man immediately answered, “General.”
“Secure the path to the right. Take care of those things.” General Urkawi pertained to the three suits of armor.

Phantomim was among the most-nimble men within the Third Legion. He was the perfect match against those three suits of armor.

“As you wish.” Phantomim unsheathed his long sword. His figure blurred and he disappeared from sight.

General Urkawi set his eyes on the two humans blocking the left path. They were strong, but he knew he was stronger.

Feeling the rise in temperature, General Urkawi looked up. A large ball of fire started to form in the sky. Since the archers capable of shooting magic arrows were preoccupied with dealing with those who managed to break inside the walls. The surviving magicians from the beastmen army managed to complete their spell.

Once that large ball of fire struck the town, the tables would turn around. Although it felt like a waste to destroy a large portion of the town with that spell, it was a necessary sacrifice. They could just fix the town after and convert it into a stronghold for the beastmen race.

The spell was finally completed. General Urkawi decided to see the upcoming destruction with his own eyes.

From the rear, he heard the leader of the magicians issue the order to fire.

Humans and beastmen alike looked above. The ball of fire the size of several carriages combined sent shivers down their spine.
Just right when the ball of fire started descending towards the town, a shadow leaped into the sky. Azure chains made of magic twined around the ball of fire, condensing it into a much smaller form. In a matter of seconds, the colossal ball of fire created using the mana of several dozens of magicians turned into the size of a palm.

A young man held it on top of his hand, his body still hovering in the sky. Although General Urkawi could not see his face from the distance, he could feel the bloodlust emanating from his eyes.

General Urkawi stiffened. He felt a premonition of what was to come.

“Don’t tell me,” he breathed.
He looked at the rear and was about to warn his men about the incoming attack when suddenly, the young man threw the condensed ball of fire towards the place where the magicians gathered.

There was a split second of silence the moment it touched the ground, before a deafening explosion rang out. The earth groaned and shook. General Urkawi’s eyes widened at what he saw.

That single strike massacred the Legion’s magicians.

Slowly, the young man flew down and touched the ground. He stood right before General Urkawi.

“Hello?” the young man greeted.

General Urkawi stared at him bewilderedly. In his entire life, he had never seen such feat before. The man clearly diverted his magicians’ ultimate magic and used it against them.

The young man unsheathed his sword. His eyes glimmered with bloodlust.

“Who are you?” General Urkawi managed to ask.

The young man paused for a moment. “Someone who’ll be dead soon doesn’t need to find out.”

Chapter Twenty-Five


Lark and General Urkawi faced each other. Around them, swords clashed and blood splattered, blanketing the ground. Lark had not expected the beastmen to break in this easily. If these guys have not been weakened by Magic Poisoning, this town would have been conquered long ago. The difference in strength between humans and beastmen were that far apart.

On the two pathways forcefully created by the beastmen, Lark’s best soldiers stood guard to stopper the attacks. The three suits of armor were currently fighting against a nimble beastman who resembled a jaguar. With the jaguar’s speed, the three were unable to inflict even a single scratch on their opponent’s body. But Lark knew it did not matter. It seemed that in exchange for speed, the jaguar lacked the offensive capability to defeat them. An even situation.

The beastmen were no longer able to take a step further in the other pathway. It was, after all, the place guarded by Anandra and Commander Daltos. The two, with the help of several soldiers, stoppered the gap between the wall. The beastmen who dared to charge inside were slaughtered immediately. The beastmen had no choice but to take a few steps back out of fear.

The only thing that could break this stalemate was the presence of this monster in front of Lark. He was sure that this beastman was the Supreme Commander of this Legion. The General.

If this monster managed to reach any of the two openings, the delicate balance would immediately crumble and the beastmen would come pouring in, massacring the residents of Blackstone Town.

Lark unsheathed his sword. He slightly tilted his head. “I see. You’ve been healed, huh?”

The General immediately understood what he meant. He was definitely talking about the Magic Poisoning. “Brat. Are you the one responsible for that dead forest?”
Lark nodded. “That’s right. I’m the one who poisoned your entire army.” He slowly grinned. “And I’m also the one who cut the heads of those fools who dared invade my territory.”

General Urkawi’s eyes shook upon hearing this. His entire body quivered from rage. His eyes turned bloodshot. Ever since he saw the defiled bodies of his comrades, he vowed to rip the perpetrator into shreds. And now, that person was before his very eyes.

Before he could even think, General Urkawi’s body move by itself. It instinctively shot forward, his fists clenched as he tried to blow away the head of the human with a single punch.

His punch struck nothing but the air. A split second after, he felt a pricking sensation in his thigh. Looking down, he saw a deep cut, with blood oozing down.

He looked around. A good distance away from him, the human silently stood. The blade of his sword had red blood clinging to it. In that single exchange, he easily evaded General Urkawi’s strike and retaliated.

“I’ve been careless,” he mumbled. Although he knew that this human was taunting him to gain the upper hand in this battle, he could still not help but tremble in rage whenever he thought of the fate that befell the Vanguard Army.

General Urkawi tightened the muscles of his thigh and the bleeding immediately stopped.

He looked around him. It seemed that the Magic Poison was starting to show its effects. Slowly, his men were starting to be pushed back. With the advantage of terrain on their side, the humans were killing his warriors one after another. The most noteworthy enemies were those archers in the watchtower. Before their arrows imbued with mana, his men easily lost their lives.

General Urkawi knew he had to finish this fight soon and join the fray. It was the only way to prevent more casualties on their side. Once the beastmen managed to pour in, the humans would eventually succumb to their bane.
“Human,” said General Urkawi. “I would have loved to give you a slow and painful death, but the circumstances do not permit it.”

The General’s body started sucking in the minute amounts of mana which lingered in the air. Slowly, the silver-black hair covering his entire body turned azure. His black eyes turned crimson.

It was a high-level technique which Lark was very much familiar with. With this technique, the user was supplied with indefinite amount of mana from his surroundings. Although Lark was also capable of such feat, he never attempted to do it with his current body. The rebound was catastrophic. Lark knew that if he used this technique with this fragile shell, he would die once the spell ended.

Lark scrutinized General Urkawi. Judging by the reaction of the beastmen around them, this was not the first time the General used this technique.

The lizardman I tortured told me that the General is an immortal monster. Maybe he’s referring to this?

Lark frowned. If this General was capable of handling the rebound effects of this technique, then he was surely a monster befitting the title of an Immortal. As long as his body was capable of maintaining the spell, the chances of killing him was close to nil.

Let’s see how long he can maintain that state.

He was about to attack when suddenly, the General disappeared from his spot.

Lark’s instinct screamed at him. His arms moved on its own and blocked his face.

An earth shattering sound reverberated as a tremendous force struck Lark’s body. The hands he used to block the attack bent and broke. He gnashed his teeth as pain coursed through his entire body. He was sent flying, eventually hitting the wooden wall, destroying a portion of it in the process. Clouds of dust flew about.

“Young Master!”

“Young Lord!”
Anandra and the Blackstone Soldiers immediately ran to where Lark flew. The clouds of dust receded and a young man with broken arms silently stood. He coughed out blood and his legs momentarily wobbled.

General Urkawi entered through the new opening in the wall. Behind him, hundreds of beastmen followed.

“Damn it,” spat Commander Daltos. “Is this the end?”

The Young Master who easily defeated him was sent flying with a single punch from that beastman. Looking at the General, Commander Daltos could not help but shudder.

Lark spat the blood that clung to his mouth. He channeled mana into his broken arms and forced them to regenerate.

“You’re capable of high-rank healing spells?” General Urkawi had entered the town. “Interesting. It seems I can slowly rip you to shreds. Let’s see how long you can last.”

Anandra stood before the Young Master. Despite the large difference in their physique, he did not back down in front of the General.

“Step aside,” said Lark. His broken hands have been fully healed now. “But—”

“—It’s fine.” Lark unsheathed his sword. He channeled mana into it, making it vibrate hundreds of times in a second.

He slowly stepped forward until he was only ten feet away from the General.

“Hey, Gorrilla.” Lark’s eyes were predatory.

“What did you say, you damn brat—”

“—The Seven Gates of Mana. How many have you opened by now?”

General Urkawi momentarily froze. This human was definitely talking about the technique he was currently using. But even within the Third Legion, only Phantomim knew the principle behind it. And within the Third Legion, only General Urkawi was capable of utilizing it.

How did this human find out?
“There’s no reason for me to tell you that,” said General Urkawi. “You’re going to die soon, anyway.”

Lark looked at the General in the eyes. “You’ll soon open all seven of them. You’ll have no choice but to do that.”

What was this human blabbering about? Did he forget how badly he was beaten up with just a single strike?

Smirking, General Urkawi clenched his fists. He decided to send this human flying again with a single punch.

As he was immersed in this thought, flames suddenly sprouted from the ground and enclosed them. It blocked the sky, the ground – everything. Only General Urkawi and the human remained.

General Urkawi realized that the flames weren’t hot. He frowned at the human. “Cheap tricks like this won’t work against me.”

“Is that so?” Lark casually gripped the hilt of his sword. “Gorilla, do you know the weakness of the Seven Gates?”

Lark’s figure blurred and he disappeared from sight. Behind General Urkawi, the flames roared and Lark’s figure emerged from it, his sword pointed towards the General’s neck.

General Urkawi easily deflected the attack using the back of his hand. The mana covering his entire body made him impervious of normal attacks.

Lark disappeared again and reappeared to his left. His attack was once again deflected by the hands of the General.

“Useless,” spat General Urkawi. “Give it up. It’s impossible to harm this immortal body.”

As long as he was using the Seven Gates, it would be impossible to kill him. His body would continually suck in the mana from the surroundings and replenish his stores. In a sense, he was immortal as long as he was under this spell.

Still, the human continued with his barrage of attacks. He quickly disappeared and reappeared, then struck General Urkawi with all his might.
General Urkawi frowned. He noticed that something was wrong. For some reason, the amount of mana he could suck from the environment was decreasing bit by bit.

“Finally noticed it, huh?” The voice of the human echoed inside the barrier of flames.

Another attack shot towards General Urkawi, but he again deflected it with his hands.

“What did you do?” said the General.

There was no reply. Lark simply continued with his unending barrage of attacks.

Lark actually created an isolated space using the Middle Tier Spell, Flames of Methuzelda. To conserve mana, he did not use the flames to attack the General. Instead, he merely used the Flames to block the mana from coming in from the outside. It was only a matter of time before the General’s unending supply of magic ran out.

And just like Lark predicted, the General opened another gate. He tried to suck in more mana into his body but failed.

“What’s happening?!” he growled. He tried to retaliate, but it proved useless inside the barrier.

Lark did not bother to explain it to him. He continuously moved inside the barrier of fire and struck the body of the General one after another. Slowly, the mana cladding Urkawi’s body started forming cracks, eventually breaking into minute pieces.

Lark did not miss this opening. He channeled more mana into his sword, and with swift movements, struck the neck of the General.

The Head of the General was cut. It flew into the air then rolled on the ground. The eyes of the severed head widened for a moment, before the light inside it vanished.

The Flames of Methuzelda dispersed, revealing the outcome of the battle to everyone. The beastmen who saw the headless body of General Urkawi froze.

“G-General?”
“W-What happened?”

Lark bent down and grabbed the head of the General. He raised it to the air. He amplified his voice using magic. “Your General is dead. Fighting any further is useless.”

A beastman resembling a jaguar quickly ran towards the dead body. Upon seeing it, he froze and his entire body quivered. He locked eyes with Lark.

Surprisingly, his eyes held no rage nor fear within it. Only emptiness. He slowly walked towards Lark and mumbled, “The body of the General.”

Lark immediately understood. He handed the beastman the severed head.

The beastman wailed the moment he received General Urkawi’s head. His cries echoed, and all of the beastmen warriors stopped fighting. They all stared at Phantomim, the right-hand of General Urkawi.

Although they lost their Commander, Lark knew that they could still turn the tables around with their number. As such, he said, “Take the body of your General with you. Leave. Go back to your country.”

It was only a few words, but it held great persuasive power. They remembered the severed heads of beastmen hanging on the trees on their way here. If they left the General’s body here, who knew what the humans would do to it.

Without uttering a single word, without issuing a single command, Phantomim slowly went out of the town, his hands embracing the head of the General. He silently wailed, his entire body quivering as he walked.

Seeing this, the other beastmen lost the will to fight. They had never expected General Urkawi, The Immortal, to perish in this battle. In a battle to conquer a very small town.

Several officers took the headless body of General Urkawi then issued the retreat.

In a bizarre and unexpected way, the battle ended. The beastmen started retreating one after another.

“Should we give chase?” said Commander Daltos.
He could still not believe that that monster was defeated by the Young Master.

Lark shook his head. “Don’t.”

Thankfully, those beastmen did not charge at them in blind rage. Otherwise, they would have annihilated everything in sight. An army unafraid of death was the most dangerous opponent.

Lark looked around the aftermath of the battle. Numerous corpses were seen here and there. The wooden walls had been destroyed, along with several houses.

He sighed. He looked at the sky.

At the very least, they had survived this war.


***

[Valley of Witches]

Inside his room, an old man with ashen hair silently polished his beloved sword. Embers blazed inside the hearth, while the scent of freshly brewed tea filled the air.

The old man momentarily looked at the table next to his bed. On top of it was a small parchment.

He received the letter several days ago. And even now, he could not guess who the sender was.

All it said was:

The army of beastmen will soon retreat after failing to conquer Blackstone Town. All of them will be under the effects of Magic Poisoning. By that time, they’ll be weaker than your average human.

It was short and concise, but its contents were enough to stir the old man’s heart.

He had been fighting against the Third Legion for more than a year now. Each and every time, he repelled their advances using just a small army. But this time, it seemed that they found a hidden pathway which led directly towards the East.
The old man’s reach was limited. He could not abandon the Valley of Witches to protect that small town. After all, this place was a fortress. If the United Grakas Alliance managed to get hold of this strategic location, they would have a firm foothold in their upcoming invasions.

Three knocks were heard on the door.

“Enter,” said the old man.

One of his men entered the room. “Guild Master. We’ve receive reports from the Animal Tamer.”

The old man silently urged him to continue.

“With significantly fewer numbers, the Third Legion is retreating back to the United Grakas Alliance.”

The old man froze. After several seconds he stood up.

Things have unfolded just like what was stated in the letter. He decided to see everything with his own eyes.

“Arthur,” said the old man.

“Sir.”

“Gather all of our men,” said the old man. “We will move out in an hour.”

Arthur quizzically stared at him. “Sir? All of our men? What do you mean?”

“We’re leaving the Valley of Witches,” said the old man. “At least for now.”

Around three hundred soldiers would still be left even if their army leaves the Valley of Witches. It should be enough to defend the fortress for a day or two. The old man’s instinct was screaming at him that he had to grab this opportunity in order to end this war.

Sword Master. The Living Sword. These were all the monikers the old man acquired when he was young. But now, he was simply the Guild Master of a Mercenary Guild in Lion City.

If the contents of the letter are true... If the beastmen are currently inflicted with Magic Poisoning…

His eyes glimmered.
Sword Master Alexander decided to slaughter the retreating beastmen army.

Chapter Twenty-Six


[Behemoth City – Capital of the Kingdom]

The servant tasked with taking care of the King froze. She stared at his

Majesty. After confirming what she saw, she choked the words out. “His…

His Majesty! His Majesty’s awake!”

Afraid that the guards outside did not hear her, she yanked the door open and shouted at the corridor.

“The King’s awake! He’s finally awake!”

The guards stiffened and they immediately ran to fetch the Chief Healer of the Royal Capital. In just a couple of minutes, a middle-aged man came into the room, huffing, behind him were several assistants.

By the time he arrived, the King was already sitting on his bead. His face was pallid, and numerous patches of black had formed on his neck.

“Your Majesty!” The Chief Healer immediately went towards the King’s bed. “How’re you feeling?”

There was deafening silence after that. The Chief Healer’s heart pounded as each second passed by. Was the King okay? If the King died, his head would come rolling at the plaza. That much, the Chief Healer was sure.

Eventually, the King looked at him and replied, “I’m fine. How long was I asleep?”

The Chief Healer knew that it was a lie. Still, he did not refute the words that came out of the King’s mouth.

“Nine days, Your Majesty.”

This was not the first time the King suddenly lost consciousness inside the Palace. But for some reason, the length of each episode was increasing as years went by. The Chief Healer was afraid that at this rate, there would come a time when the King would never wake up.

This disease was probably the reason why the King suddenly announced the competition for the throne – the Chief Healer knew.
“Nine days,” repeated the King. He silently sat there for a full minute then said, “I’m hungry.”

The Chief Healer nodded. “The rest of my assistants are on their way now. We’ve prepared a particularly nutritious food for the moment his Majesty woke up. It should arrive soon. But before that, please let me examine your body, Your Majesty.”

The King gave his consent and the Chief Healer started examining his condition. By the time he was finished, the frown he wore when he arrived here had gone deeper.

“Y-Your Majesty.” The Chief Healer found it hard to say the words out. “At this rate…”

The King stared straight into his eyes. Those eyes were devoid of strength, but the wisdom accumulated through the years were still evident.

“Speak,” said the King.

The Chief Healer sighed. He said to his assistants. “Leave us alone for now.”

The moment everyone was gone, the Chief Healer revealed what he found out. “At this rate… Forget four years. Your Majesty will be lucky to last another two years.”

He was implying that the King may not live long enough to see the result of the competition for the throne. If he died without leaving behind a successor, the Kingdom would be in chaos. The major families would surely grab this opportunity to climb the ladders of hierarchy.

The King fell into deep thought. He dismissed the Chief Healer and silently sat inside his room.

Should he shorten the time for the competition to two years instead of four?

He shook his head. That would not be enough time to assess each candidate.

The Empire was slowly building their forces and King Alvis was sure that they would strike the Kingdom once given the chance.
Furthermore, the Mullgray Pirates started creeping into their lands. Those barbarians pillaged every place they stepped foot into.

If he left behind an incompetent successor, the Kingdom would be swallowed in just a few years’ time by these giants.

As he was contemplating on these things, the food he requested finally arrived. He ordered the servants to place it on his table. After they left, he immediately started eating nonstop. Even now, he could still hear his stomach growling after sleeping for nine days.

“Ah, the artifact.”

He noticed the large gem embedded inside a stone pillar. Since he had been asleep for nine days straight, there should be a lot of messages from the knights by now.

Upon activating the stone, he realized he was right.

There were almost twenty messages. King Alvis started reading them one by one.

Midway, he stopped. His entire body froze on the spot.

The one he was reading was a message from Mikael, the Knight tasked to monitor the second son of Duke Drakus.

The contents of the message were surreal. King Alvis shuddered upon remembering that it had already been more than a week since the message was sent.

“The United Grakas Alliance invaded Blackstone Town?!”

He almost shouted upon reading that. According to the report, the enemy numbered over ten thousand. A Legion. An army massive enough to topple a major city of the Kingdom.

King Alvis felt his chest tighten. He was about to summon the ministers to discuss a contingent plan when he read the messages succeeding that. They were also from Mikael.

The contents of the letter were short and concise, but it was enough to momentarily stop the old King’s beating heart.

The United Grakas Alliance failed to capture Blackstone Town.
Using only a thousand soldiers, Lark Marcus defeated the Third Legion, eventually killing their General. The beastmen have retreated.
The King stood there, dumbfounded.

**

Almost three weeks had passed since the war ended. Dozens of soldiers went back to Lion City to return the dead bodies of their comrades. The casualties on their side numbered almost two hundred during that short exchange, despite the fact that they were protected by walls and trenches.
Lark made use of the remaining soldiers to finally finish the stone walls. This time, it was built with proper supervision from the Mason. It towered seven meters, with enough space to walk on top. It was only half as large as the walls seen in major cities, but it should be enough to confer a certain degree of protection in times of war. It would have been a waste not to make use of the contracted soldiers, otherwise.

Today was the final day of the contract. The soldiers were idling about, since the walls had already been finished.

“How’s it?” Big Mona held his head high as he looked at the stonewalls before them. “I’ve personally made sure that the soldiers did it properly.”

These past few weeks, Big Mona stayed in Blackstone Town under the pretext of helping a friend. But Lark knew the ulterior motives of this fat merchant.

Since today was the day of their departure back to Lion City, he decided to give him that item, finally.

“It seems that Sir Merchant has helped me a lot this time.” Lark proceeded with pleasantries.

Big Mona grinned. “We’re business partners! This much is natural, of course!”

He emphasized the word “partners.”

Lark chuckled. “Of course. And I guess it’s time for me to fulfill my side of the deal.”

He called a servant over. “Tell Gaston to deliver the vials to me.”
“Yes!”

After a few minutes, Gaston arrived, carrying a small chest with him. He bowed his head and handed it to Lark.

“I-Is… Is that the Blood Stone?” breathed Big Mona. This was the reason why he chose to stay in this backwater town despite the lurking dangers of the beastman race.

“Blood Stone?” Lark tilted his head. “Is that what you call it here?”

He opened the chest and showed it contents. Inside were six small vials. “I’m capable of making only three middle-grade potions per week. But as thanks for helping me out this time, I’ll give you the three vials I’ve made the month before for free.”

It was a lie. Lark could actually make over a dozen of them if he wanted to, but it would surely make the potion lose its value. By emphasizing that it was a limited item, the price would definitely skyrocket.

Big Mona almost squeaked in glee. His trembling hands accepted the chest filled with vials, and as though it was a treasure, he hugged it tight.
With this, it should be possible to climb the ladder of hierarchy even further.

Big Mona tried suppressing all of his desires from showing on his face, but his body could not help but shudder in glee. He licked his lips.
A merchant like him would not have a hard time procuring any kinds of normal goods within the Kingdom. And the same could be said for the big shots in the capital. The only thing demarcating them was their ability to procure the rarest of commodities. If the middle-grade potion was so rare it was called the Blood Stone, then his name would surely roar throughout the Kingdom as the only merchant selling one.

Blood Stone, huh?

Lark remembered the legendary stone. He had seen it before back in his previous life, but only a fragment of it. Any water submerged in it automatically becomes a potion of the highest quality. Legend says that if one were to consume a fragment, bringing someone dead back to life was a feasibility.
Lark tried consuming the fragment he obtained back then, but it did nothing but halt the progress of his curse for a couple of years.

Lark smiled after the reminisce. He remembered his disciples once again. Each of them paved their own path. Each of them lived their own lives. Each of them left a mark in history. Somehow, he felt a squeezing sensation in his chest as he thought of it.

“Ah, Big Mona,” said Lark.

Big Mona broke out of his trance. “Yes?”

“I’ve looked around the market in Lion City before, but the largest mana stone I’ve managed to find is around this size.” Lark gestured with his fingers. It was around thrice the size of a pebble.

Big Mona immediately understood what the Young Master was trying to say. “You want me to find a larger mana stone for you?”

Lark nodded his head. “Yes. Of course, you’ll be compensated.”

Big Mona frowned for a moment. “Young Sir, it’s a bit hard finding a mana stone larger than that one these days. But as your partner, I’ll order my men to look for it.”

“Is that so?” said Lark. “Then, I’ll be troubling Sir Merchant from now on.” Lark bowed his head in gratitude.

Ever since he learned about the competition for the throne, he hastened the pace of his training. Right now, his body had been honed enough to withstand the consumption of larger mana stones. Even if he consumed a stone two or three times larger than the first one, there would be no rebound. His daily physical training finally paid off.

Lark remembered the monsters lurking within the Gahelpa Forest. A monster as strong as those would surely have a mana stone inside its body. It might even be of the middle grade quality.

After exchanging several more pleasantries with the merchant, he summoned Anandra and the other elite hunters of Gahelpa.
Using the vision crystal, Lark have ascertained that the beastmen army had retreated. Even if he left the town for several days, nothing too catastrophic
should happen.

“You called for us, Young Master?” Anandra and the hunters bowed their heads.

Lark went straight to the point. “I’m going to hunt the Basilisks. And I’m going to give all of you the choice to come with me.”

Anandra and the hunters stiffened. They could still vividly remember the traumatic events that day. Although they had become relatively stronger than before thanks to the magic bows, fear was still engraved deeply within their bodies. They trembled with just the thought of facing that colossal serpent head-on.

“I’ll leave tomorrow morning,” said Lark. “Whether you’ll come with me or not, you’ll have until tonight to decide.”

Chapter Twenty-Seven


The time for departure of the soldiers from Lion City arrived. By dawn, they had already finished their preparations and were ready to move out.

“So, the Young Master’s coming with us?” said Commander Daltos.

“Coming along, Yes.” A sword dangled on Lark’s waist. “But we’ll part ways at the Gahelpa Forest.”

Daltos looked at the hunters standing behind Lark. They were all armed to the teeth.

“I see,” said Daltos. He decided not to pry any further. None of it was his business, after all.

“Commander, the reports?” said Lark.

Daltos knew that Lark was referring to the beastmen invasion a couple of weeks ago. He was asked by Lark to report the situation to Lord Valcres as a contingent plan in case the beastmen decided to redirect their forces towards Lion City. At the same time, it would also serve as a fallback in case Lark’s plans failed and the beastmen successfully captured the town.

After Daltos sent his report, the news regarding the beastmen invasion started spreading among the residents of Lion City. It would only be a matter of time before the traveling merchants spread the news of Lark’s victory far and wide throughout the entire Kingdom.

“I’ve received a reply from the City Lord,” said Daltos. “The City will temporarily support the bereaved families.”

Lark nodded in approval at this. It was no exaggeration to say that because of those men, the entire Eastern Region remained unscathed from the beastmen. Had the Third Legion managed to capture Blackstone Town, it would have been only a matter of time before Lion City fell into their hands.

Commander Daltos realized this too. He scratched his cheeks in embarrassment and said, “Young Master?”

Lark quizzically looked at him.
Daltos slowly mumbled, “Thanks.”

Lark was momentarily taken by surprise. When they first met, this man was adamant on not letting him take command of the soldiers. But now, he could see respect within those eyes.

Daltos no longer looked at Lark as though he was some spoil brat. After a month of working together with him and after seeing all the developments in the town, he realized that this young man was a competent ruler – a great leader.

His feats during the war was almost akin to miracles. It would take no less than a genius tactician to pull off everything that transpired. If even a single variable had gone wrong or missing, they would have been long dead by now.

After everyone was done with their preparations, Commander Daltos roared, “Men! Move out!”

The ground lightly shook as hundreds of men started marching at once.

Horses neighed and carts started moving out.

Since horses were a luxury, Lark and his men walked alongside the infantry. Big Mona slowed his horse down to less than a trot. He was grinning from ear to ear. “Partner!”

Lark knew the reason why the merchant was this jubilant since this morning. “Ah, Sir Merchant. So how’re the middle grade potions?”

He had seen Big Mona test the potion on one of his slaves this morning. The fat merchant did not hesitate to stab a hole through the slave’s stomach, before pouring down an entire vial on the gaping wound.

“Terrific! Truly a miraculous product!” Big Mona squealed. “I’ve heard that the Kalavinka Navy started an all-out war against the Mullgray Pirates! And the Empire! They started to invade the northern borders of the Kingdom!”

The fat merchant spoke gleefully, his eyes glimmering brightly. “Do you know what that means, my dear partner?”

Lark immediately understood the fat merchant’s intentions, but he chose to remain silent.
Big Mona continued, “Potions! The unfolding wars will surely require my potions! Our potions!” He heartily laughed, almost choking on his own saliva. “I’ve already tested the efficacy of the low grade potions and just those alone is enough to tilt the powers to my side! But this middle grade potion! The Bloodstone! Even the Merchant Guild from the Royal Capital would have no choice but to beg for supplies!”

Big Mona paused, as though struck by an epiphany. “Wait.” Big Mona’s eyes were wide as he said the next words, “Merchants are neutral to war, isn’t that right?”

Lark frowned. Was Big Mona thinking of selling potions to the enemies of the Kingdom? The greed for wealth of this man surely knew no bounds.

“Don’t even think of selling them to the Pirates or the Empire,” warned Lark, his face grim and daunting.

Big Mona froze. He coughed. “Of…Of course!” Lark sighed.

This merchant was indeed a double-edged sword. He just hoped that he would not do anything foolish in the nearby future.

“Ah,” said Lark. He almost forgot to open this topic up. “There’s a food deficit in the Kingdom, right?”

“What of it?” said Big Mona.

“I’m sure you’ve seen the farmlands and the poultry farm,” said Lark. “I plan on selling meat and wheat to the nearby cities, you see. Not just in Lion City.”

Big Mona had seen the extent of the developments the town went through. He did not know how Lark managed to pull it off, but judging by the exponential growth of the poultry farm, it should be possible to supply a small city or two.

Also, the reclaimed lands in the north was vast. The entire field was now a lush green. By size alone, it was almost half the fields of Golden Wheat City, the second richest city in the entire Kingdom. It should be possible to supply wheat to a major city once harvest season comes.
“Sell them to the nearby cities?” repeated Big Mona. He could already hear the clanks of golds and silvers. “But with such amount, it’ll be impossible to transport them without help from the merchants.”

“You’re quick to take in the topic,” complimented Lark. “That’s right.” He stared at Big Mona. “So, can you do it?”

Big Mona grinned. There was no need to ask. “Of course. Leave it to me.”

***

Evening came.

After arriving at Gahelpa Forest, Lark parted ways with the Army. Together with the hunters, he traversed the road towards the secluded village.

They camped overnight and after dawn came, they started marching once again.

“Listen,” said Lark. “Do not engage the enemy. Shoot from a safe distance. The female basilisk has the ability to petrify. If you’re hit by its magic and a part of your body is turned into stone, retreat. Even if your entire body turns into stone, you’ll revert to your original state as long as the magic caster – the female basilisk – is killed. But once a stone statue is broken, the petrified human dies.”

The hunter nodded their heads, conviction evident within their eyes. “Yes!”

“Our first target is the male basilisk,” said Lark. “We’ll eliminate the bastards one at a time.”

Soon, they reached the village. Lark amplified his senses. There were no enemies nearby. He signaled everyone to move forward.

The wooden gate was broken, just like before, but something out of the ordinary greeted their eyes.

A colossal serpent, which seemed to have been dead for quite some time judging by the state of the corpse, was on the ground.

Around it, numerous broken slabs of stones were scattered about.

“What happened here?” breathed Valak.

They did not expect their first target to be dead by the time they arrived.
“Look! Over there!” said one of the hunters.

They looked at the direction he was pointing at. It was a stone statue of a human leg. Not far from it, a stone which resembled a torso laid.

Lark inspected the corpse of the basilisk. The wounds on its body were definitely from swords. And looking around, he could see a couple of those weapons scattered about on the ground.

Just by this alone, he could conjecture the events that transpired somehow. These people probably fought against the male basilisk and won, only to become preys to the female basilisk in the end.

But who were these guys?

Why did they enter this village devoid of people? And why did they fight against the basilisk?

The normal reaction when seeing a monster of such caliber was to flee as far away as possible. To flee with your life on the line.

They managed to kill the male basilisk. These guys are skilled.

After all, even Lark was unable to kill the male basilisk in a one-on-one fight. He could not perform middle tier magic that time he confronted the monster. Completely piercing through the tough scales of the colossal serpent proved to be an impossible feat back then.

Well, at least we no longer have to deal with this bastard.

Whoever these guys were no longer mattered. They killed the Basilisk, drastically reducing the risk for Lark and his men. From a certain point of view, they were godsend.

Lark unsheathed his sword, and with fluid movements, cut off the head of the colossal serpent. The scales of the basilisk turned brittle after losing its supply of mana, making it easy for Lark to cut apart.

The corpse was putrid, but Lark unhesitatingly pushed his hand inside the severed head of the basilisk. After fumbling about, he pulled it out.
In his hand was a stone half the size of a fist. A Middle-Grade Mana Stone.

An item several times more potent than the one he consumed before.
It seemed that in this current era, mana stones of this quality were hard to come by. After all, a basilisk was already ranked among the Calamity Class Monsters. If this was the Magic Empire from back then, these monsters would have been slaughtered in the blink of an eye.

This was the true purpose of this trip. Revenge was secondary.

If the mana stone from the female basilisk was as large as this one, then Lark would soon become capable of casting several Middle Tier Magic. Expanding his mana pool several times his current one would no longer become a problem.

Lark expanded his senses further. He soon pinpointed the location of the female.

“We’re attacking the female,” declared Lark. “Do you all still remember my instructions?”

One of the hunters replied, “Shoot from a safe distance.” “Good,” said Lark. “Move out.”

They moved stealthily, their footsteps not making any sound.

Soon, they arrived at the place where the female was.

The female basilisk was sleeping, its entire body coiled around a large boulder. Although it was not as large as the male, its pale white skin gave the hunters the shiver. Those glistening scales were reminiscent of magic crystals. Everyone here knew that this monster was capable of turning humans into stone.

Lark raised his fist, and everyone nocked arrows on their bows.

We need to fatally injure it on the first shot. It’ll be too dangerous otherwise.

This was the reason why he brought the hunters with him. If he went alone, the risk of dying against this monster was several fold. But with the help of these hunters wielding magic bows, it should be possible to mortally wound this monster – to strike its vital points after catching it off guard. And now was the perfect time, while it was still in its slumber.

“We only have one shot at this,” said Lark.
The hunters tensed up. They gathered all their mana into their bow. An all-or-none gamble.

Lark noticed that the female basilisk was starting to wake up, probably after feeling the mana condensing in the hunters’ bows.

Before it fully woke up, Lark roared, “Now!”

A split second after, the hunters released their arrows. It shot towards the female basilisk, striking its body and piercing it, eventually destroying the boulder behind it.

An agonized shriek reverberated as the female basilisk woke up from the excruciating pain. It uncoiled itself, raised its body and glared at Lark and his men.

After consuming all of their mana, the hunters’ legs wobbled. They slowly stepped back upon seeing the colossal serpent glaring at their direction.

But that lasted only for a short moment.

Soon, the light within the eyes of the basilisk dimmed. It hissed one last time before slumping on the ground. Pools of blood continued flowing out.

All of the hunters were dumbfounded.

They did not expect the monster to fall this easily.

Lark walked towards the female basilisk and after staring at it for a full second, swung his blade and severed its head from the body. Blood splattered about.

He turned to the hunters. “You’ve done well. Rest. We’ll bring the heads of these monsters back with us tomorrow.”

Once again, Lark pushed his hand inside the severed head of the monster.

He pulled his hand out, firmly holding a large stone inside.

It was still filled with blood, but the quality of this one was definitely better than the previous one.

High-Grade Mana Stone?

Jackpot.

Lark started looking forward to the day when he could once again use Grand Scale Magic.
And one other thing.

Lark stared at the severed head of the female basilisk.

War was just around the corner.

Maybe it was time to create another guardian for Blackstone Town? Lark grinned at this thought.

Chapter Twenty-Eight


The first thing Lark did the moment he arrived home was hole himself inside the underground chamber of the Mansion. After assessing the current needs and capabilities of Blackstone Town, he came up with an ideal guardian.

They should be creatures capable of protecting the territory and at the same time contribute to its prosperity. A reliable workforce.

The three suits of armor were strong, but they were made with the sole purpose of protecting his subjects in mind. There were clear limits to their uses, especially in a time when there was no war.

Lark decided to create guardians capable of plowing the field, repairing walls, planting seeds, and if the need arises, take up arms and protect the domain. A versatile guardian.

Lark looked around, his gaze eventually stopping at the pile of iron ingots. After defeating the Third Legion, he ordered these things from the Merchants Guild, spending quite an amount of money in the process. They were necessary investments for the prosperity of his territory.

Let’s start.

Using magic, Lark started making several bodies. Each of them resembled humans devoid of any skin, showing the muscle intertwined underneath. Their arms were long, almost reaching the ground, and a two-meter tail protruded out of their backs. There were three eyes, two at the front and a very small one at the back.

It was nothing short of a monster. With just a single glance, anyone would arrive at the same conclusion.

The appearance doesn’t matter. My subjects will get used to them as time passes by. What matters is the body’s efficiency.

The intertwined fibers made of iron would make it possible to flexibly move the bodies’ limbs. Furthermore, it would enhance its strength several fold. The tail on its back have pincers at its tip, serving as a tool to grasp
and carry things. At the same time, it would become a lethal weapon in times of war.

Lark carefully considered the amount of manual labor these things would do when he created the bodies.

Should he create a strong soldier using the soul of the basilisk? Or should he create a dozen weaker ones by splitting the soul several times?

After pondering for an entire day before returning to Blackstone Town, Lark decided on the latter. Even if these soldiers were to be formed using the fragmented souls of a basilisk, each of them would still be around as strong as the three suits of armor he created before – or maybe even stronger than that.

He doubted that the United Grakas Alliance would send another Legion to topple the Kingdom soon. In a time when there was no war, the best thing to do was to focus on the development of the town. As such, Lark chose to create several soldiers instead of one. Soldiers capable of contributing to the prosperity of Blackstone Town.

Lark relentlessly continued making the bodies, stopping only after his mana was nearly exhausted. Afterwards, he would take a quick meal and resume his physical body training.

On the third day, the preparations were finally done. Two large magic circles overlapping each other were surrounded by several smaller ones.
Now, it’s time to harness the souls.

Lark opened the sacks containing the heads of the basilisk. The male’s head was large, almost the size of two carriages combined. The female’s was around a third of that. Lark momentarily amplified his strength using magic and placed the two heads on top of the large magic circles. Immediately afterwards, he placed the humanoid shells he created inside the smaller ones.

Lark took several deep breaths. He started channeling mana into the magic formation, making the runes engraved on it glow.

After some time, he frowned.

It’s not possible, huh?
Unfortunately, it seemed that the soul within the male basilisk had already dissipated due to the amount of time elapsed since its death. Extraction was impossible. It was regrettable, but Lark could do nothing about it.

On the other hand, the soul within the female was still intact. Lark focused all his mana for its extraction instead.

Soon, a malevolent haze started forming on top of the magic formation, slowly assuming the shape of a colossal snake. Its pair of eyes glared at Lark as it hissed. It could still remember the humans who killed it.

After seeing this, Lark calmly said, “I’ll be borrowing your power for a while.”

The magic formation suppressed the soul of the female basilisk, preventing it from going back into the void. Slowly, it split into several pieces. Twelve of them to be exact. The runes glowed brighter and the fragmented souls were sucked inside the humanoid bodies created by Lark.

Upon the completion of the ritual, the runes broke into particles of light then dissipated. Darkness returned inside the chamber, with only a single lamp as source of light.

Lark watched as the humanoid bodies made of iron started to move.

Now was the time to test if the ritual was a success.

“If you acknowledge me as your master, kneel down.”

Nine out of the twelve humanoids knelt upon hearing those words. The remaining three glared at Lark, their killing intent evidently oozing out.

As expected of a Basilisk. Its ego remains even after the soul’s been fragmented.

Those three were probably the ones who acquired the soul containing most of the basilisk’s ego.

It’s a shame, but I’ll have to be content with nine for now.

Without warning, the three humanoids leapt towards him, their long arms aiming for his neck and chest. These three were without consciousness – their desire to take away Lark’s life was born only from the rage left behind by the basilisk’s ego. Knowing this, Lark had no intention of holding a
conversation with them. There were no rooms for negotiation with such unintelligent beings.

“Take them down,” said Lark.

The nine humanoids immediately leapt into action and confronted the enemies. Since those three were without intelligence unlike the other nine, destroying them was easy. Lark joined the fray and helped the nine mutilate the rebelling soldiers. After several minutes of futile struggle, the three humanoid creatures fell to the ground, squirming with just their trunks as all of their limbs were cut.

Lark cast his magic and the three were engulfed by flames. Slowly, they melted away, leaving behind nothing but a pile of smelted iron.

Lark turned towards the nine humanoids.

“Your jobs are simple.” Lark raised two fingers. “First, protect the citizens, protect the land – protect the territory. And second, contribute to its prosperity.”

The nine made deep grunting sounds. They were unable to utter a single word, but Lark knew that they understood.

“Help my citizens till the fields, maintain the walls,” said Lark. “Mine ores, explore uncharted territories. From now on, these things will be your priorities.”

***

After creating the humanoids, Lark immediately introduced them to the farmers. As expected, the farmers were stunned speechless upon seeing them. After all, they looked grotesque, like those monsters told in legends to scare children.

Had the Young Master not introduced them personally, the farmers would have already ran away in fright.

Lark looked at the farmers gathered together. Several of them were pallid, their eyes trembling as they warily stared at the humanoids standing behind the Young Master.

“Young Master… they are?” One of the farmers asked.
“Additional hands,” said Lark. “Harvest season’s just around the corner. These guys will help in harvesting the wheat. But for now, they’ll help in tilling the soil and removing the weeds.”

After hearing that these humanoids were going to help them till the lands, the farmers’ expressions softened somewhat. For some reason, these humanoid creatures did not look as terrifying as before.

“You.” Lark pointed at one of the humanoid creatures. “Lift that thing and place it over there.”

The humanoid creature immediately heeded Lark’s instructions. Without uttering a single sound, it lifted a large stone the size of an adult human and placed it on the place instructed beforehand. It easily completed a task which would normally require two to three people to be done.

Seeing this, the farmers let out awed sounds.

“Now, pull those weeds off the ground,” said Lark.

The same humanoid creature pulled the weeds out. Because of their long arms and slender fingers, it did not even need to bend down. The dexterity it showed was on par with humans.

Lark nodded satisfactorily at this. “I’m sure there’s a lot of questions in your mind, but what you need to know is this—” He paused and locked eyes with the farmers. “—These guys are on your side.”

The last statement ignited the fire within the farmers’ hearts. For some reason, these humanoid creatures felt so dependable. They did not look scary any more.

“Gaston,” said Lark.

The butler bowed his head. “Young Master.”

“From now on, you’ll be in-charge of these guys. Be free to order them around.”

Gaston stared at the humanoid creatures then bowed once again at Lark. “As you wish, Young Master.”

Lark turned to his creations. “This man shall be your master from now on. Listen to everything he says.”
The nine of them all grunted, saying they understood.

Good.

With this, his territory now had a workforce capable of carrying out heavy tasks left and right. Since the humanoids’ bodies were made entirely of iron, they would not wear out easily even if they were to carry logs and large stones.

Gaston started issuing out his orders to the humanoids and each one of them immediately followed the commands of the old man.

I should make them fortify the walls after this, just in case.

The invasion of the beastmen was still vivid within his memories. If some variables had gone missing that time, the town would have been under the beastmen’s hands by now.

As Lark was contemplating on these things, he heard a horrified shout. One of the farmers was pointing at the sky, his entire body quivering in fright.

Everyone looked up, and immediately, creases formed on their brows. A portion of the sky had turned black.

That is…

Lark squinted. From the distance, he could make out the hundreds of thousands—if not millions—of insects forming a canopy in the sky. Each of them was the size of a thumb, their scales reminiscent of the abyss. When they flew past by, day momentarily turned into night.

“T-The Black Famine?!”

“But why? It hasn’t even been a year since the last one!”

The entire town went into uproar upon seeing the swarm of insects flying in the sky. Color drained off the faces of everyone.

The Black Famine… So they’re really Kelnup Flies, huh?

Contrary to the ghastly expressions of everyone, a smile slowly formed on Lark’s face. He had been a bit worried about the so-called Black Famine that’s been devastating the entire Kingdom and the Empire for several years now. But after confirming that they were indeed Kelnups, he quickly moved into action to prevent the withering of the plants.
Harvest season’s just around the corner. I won’t let you damn bastards foil my plans to prosper this Town.

“Bring me around five barrels of castrel oil. The more, the better,” said Lark. “Now!”

With a jolt, Gaston and the servants quickly moved into action. A few minutes later, a horse-drawn carriage arrived. Several barrels of castrel oil – an expensive commodity – were inside. By now, the swarm was still encircling the sky, bidding their time before consuming everything in sight.

Lark ordered the humanoids to toss the barrels into the air. He channeled mana into his fingertips and shot several balls of fire. The barrels filled with oil exploded with a deafening bang. Thick smoke filled the sky.

Lark manipulated the fire created from the explosion, then with a single motion, shot them towards the swarm. It struck tens of thousands of insects, burning them into crisp and dust in the process.

But it was not enough. It did not kill even a tenth of the swarm.

Everyone thought that the damnable insects would soon come down and suck everything dry.

But a different scenario unfolded before their eyes.

The swarm, which was previously encircling the sky, suddenly flew west and slowly disappeared from sight.

Several farmers fell on their knees. “T-Thank God.”

“But what if they come back?” One of them voiced his thoughts out loud.

“It doesn’t matter,” said Lark. His calm voice felt soothing to the ears. “It’s impossible to annihilate them anyway with a single shot. But with this, we’ve bought enough time to prepare for the time they come back.”

“Gaston,” said Lark.

“Yes, Young Master?”

“I want you to prepare these things for me.” Lark started enumerating a myriad of things. “Make it quick. I want everything prepared within half a day.”
The time limit felt absurd, considering the amount of items the Young Master requested, but the old man simply bowed his head. “I shall do my best.”

The things enumerated by Lark were common goods which could be found even in Blackstone Town. But the time limit and the amount requested would require dozens of helping hand to finish the task.

“Time is of great essence!” said Lark. “We can’t let those damn insects destroy the crops!”

Everyone started moving at once.

***

Meanwhile, in different parts of the Kingdom, swarms of Kelnups started appearing one by one. They appeared only for a fleeting moment, but the devastation they left behind made everyone pale from shock. The crops the farmers painstakingly planted for several months withered after a few hours.

The farmers wailed and groaned, but they could do nothing to stop the swarms which nearly covered the sky.

King Alvis received the reports of these incidents all throughout the Kingdom.

“Why now?” he grabbed his ashen hair in utter frustration. It was not even a year since the last Black Famine. He could not believe that those damnable swarms would come back a month before harvest season comes.

“This is why I told the officials to increase the budget for the Ministry of Research!” said the King. His chest tightened at the thought of how gravely this would affect the Kingdom.

The thirty thousand barrels of wine… It’ll be impossible to produce such amount now.

He successfully made contact with the King of Dwarves, but it would be all for naught if he was unable to seal the contract. The dwarves adamantly insisted that the Kingdom provides them with thirty thousand barrels of high-grade wines in exchange of weapons to resist the invasion of the Empire.
The reports stated that several cities tasked to produce the wine were infested by the Black Famine.

King Alvis closed his eyes. He could not imagine how they would repel the invasion of the Empire without the help of the dwarves.

The amount of soldiers in the Empire is five times that of the Kingdom. It’s impossible. If they decided to invade us now…

And there was also the risk of invasion from the Mullgray Islands.

King Alvis’ head throbbed as he tried to find a way out.

Then suddenly, he remembered the report of Mikael stationed in Blackstone Town. He remembered how a local Lord drove away enemies numbering in the ten thousand despite the odds.

A thousand soldiers destroyed an entire Legion of beastmen. And according to Mikael, the amount of casualties on the human’s side did not even reach half a thousand.

If was a feat close to a miracle.

A feat possible only with a very competent leader of the army.

No, being merely competent was not enough. Someone needs to be a genius to pull through such act.

Amidst the chaos brought forth by the reports of different City Lords, a single name resounded through the King’s mind.

Lark Marcus. If you're in my position, what will you do?

Chapter Twenty-Nine


The next day, as expected, the swarm came back. Everyone held their breaths as a part of the sky turned black as the insects flew past by.
Lark stood on the watchtower inside the town. From his position, he could see some of the teams spread all throughout the northern farmland.

The preparations were set. All that’s left was the Young Master’s orders.

“Sound the gong,” said Lark.

The soldier next to him breathed in a gust of air, and with his entire might, struck the gong in the watchtower. The first strike was followed by several others, its metallic roar reverberating throughout the land.

Upon hearing this, the different teams in the northern farmland started igniting the barrels prepared by Lark beforehand. Each of these barrels contained sticky, putrid substances inside. They did not know what it was, but it burned nicely upon fire’s contact. Thick white smoke swirled up into the sky as numerous barrels started burning one after another.

“The locusts are coming down!” shouted one of the farmers.

True enough, the swarm started coming down, their aim were the crops spread all throughout the northern land.

The farmers turned pallid as they embraced themselves for the worst. They did not expect that the crops they painstakingly cultivated for the past several months were going to be consumed by the damnable bastards.

“Eh?”

Voices of surprise escaped their mouths.

A surreal scenario unfolded before their eyes.

The insects, which were about to devour the crops, started falling down one after another. The amount falling down the sky was so numerous that it temporarily created an image of a black haze – a black rain.

“W-What’s happening?”

“The insects are dying! They’re falling down! They’re falling down!”
The different teams stationed in different parts of the northern farmland were bewildered. Soon, they all stared at the barrels. They were still burning fiercely, its thick smoke swirling up towards the sky.

They realized that the death of the swarm must have been due to the white smoke now covering the sky. They could not believe that these demons – these insects that had infested the entire Kingdom – were falling down like dead flies.

Inside the watchtower, the soldiers next to Lark could also not believe their eyes. After the gong was rang, smoke from different parts of the northern farmland swirled into the sky. Moments after, the insects were dying one by one.

“What do you call those insects?” said Lark.

It was peculiar that a man who knew how to kill the damnable bastards did not even know its name, but the soldier next to him answered regardless, “They’re called Desert Locusts, Young Master.”

“Desert Locusts, huh?” repeated Lark. He gazed at the black rain falling from the sky.

“Those insects never spare the farmlands they pass by. Without exemption, the crops wither after a while. In just a few days, a previously lush land will resemble a desert. A land devoid of life.” The soldier explained how the insects acquired its name.

It was amusing that such easy-to-kill insects were given such a terrifying name. These insects were called Kelnup Flies back in the Magic Empire, despite their obvious semblance to locusts. The reason was simple: it was because they easily died from the smoke of a burning kelnup, the same substance which filled the barrels Lark asked the farmers to burn up. Once exposed to the smoke of a burning kelnup, they would immediately drop dead like flies.

After an hour passed and the swarm previously hovering above had all fallen down to the ground, Lark went down the watchtower. He called Gaston over.

“You called, Young Master?”
“Ask the farmers to retrieve the insects’ dead bodies,” said Lark. “Afterwards, store them in barrels half-filled with dirt.”

Gaston had become used to Lark’s eccentric orders by now. He no longer questioned them. “This old servant shall obey.”

Lark nodded.

After half a month, the dead bodies of the insects would start decomposing, leaving behind nothing but their shells. Those shells were valuable materials in making strong adhesives. All Lark had to do was ask the servants to melt them under intense flames, then retrieve the sticky liquid it would leave behind.

Although those adhesives could not cement stones together, it was very effective in gluing wood, to the point that one could build a wooden cabin if he had enough adhesives.

Jackpot.

A subtle grin started forming on Lark’s lips. The insects numbered hundreds of thousands, if not millions. The amount of shells they’ll be able to collect would be enough to build thousands of wooden houses.

The Black Famine feared all throughout the Kingdom and the Empire was actually a blessing in disguise for Lark.

“Young Master?”

Lark turned around when someone called his name.

It was a middle-aged man wearing a worn out tunic. He bowed his head the moment he made eye contact with Lark.

He went straight to the point. “Sir, the thing which killed the Black Famine. The substance the farmers burned to kill those insects… Could you tell me its name and how to make them?”

Those around them were momentarily taken aback when the man suddenly asked the Young Master how to make the product. It was easy to realize how valuable that information was, since it could potentially save the entire Kingdom. Any sane man would ask compensation in exchange for that piece of vital information. Yet, this man was asking for it straightforwardly.
They expected the Young Master to refuse, but contrary to their expectations, Lark answered after a pause. “Kelnup. That’s the name of the substance. It’s easy to make them, actually. Freshly picked larendew grass, monochrome stone grinded into dust, fresh manure of any farm animal, and magworth roots. All in equal proportions. Mix them thoroughly. Afterwards, add castrel oil. Same amount.”

The man’s eyes widened for a moment after hearing the ingredients from Lark. He probably did not expect the Young Master to divulge such information easily.

Lark chuckled upon seeing this. “What? Do you think I’m lying?” The man shook his head. “No... That’s not it. It’s just that…”

I didn’t expect that you’ll tell me how to make that thing this easily.

The man did not voice his thoughts out loud. He simply stared at Lark for a moment, then bowed his head. “Thank you.”

Lark smiled. “You’ll need a lot of it to kill an entire swarm though.” He looked at the open gate of the town. Some of the farmers tasked to burn the kelnups were coming back, probably to report what they found.

Lark stared at the man wearing worn out tunic. Although the man was suppressing his mana from leaking out, Lark could sense it. He was sure that this person was not ordinary. He knew that this man would probably leak the method of creating kelnups to another party.

But such a trivial thing did not matter.

On the contrary, he would like it if such a thing were to happen. The method of killing these pests should be spread all throughout the entire Kingdom. It was time to end the so-called Black Famine.

The farmers’ blood and sweat. The time they sacrificed to cultivate the lands. I cannot let mere insects destroy that.

“I’m going to take a look around,” said Lark. “It’ll be great to see those damnable insects sprawled all over the ground.”

***
After Lark left, Mikael immediately went towards the direction of the Mines. He went towards the forest, at a place devoid of people. He took out the gemstone entrusted to him by his Majesty.

After channeling mana into it, he started writing down the method of dealing with the Black Famine to the King.

Your Majesty, I have found the method to kill the Black Famine.

Anyone would be stunned speechless upon seeing his opening line.

Mikael enumerated the ingredients stated by Lark. Each of them were fairly common goods. With the power of the sovereign, it would be easy to gather them en masse.

Even now, Mikael could not believe that such an easy method to kill the black insects existed.

But he saw it with his own eyes. He saw how the swarm dropped dead like flies.

“Lark Marcus,” he mumbled the Young Lord’s name.

Mikael’s eyes glimmered for a moment.

He was sure now.

That young man’s horrible reputation was nothing but a façade.

My daughter, Elaine. You told me that I was assigned to the worst candidate. You told me that it’ll be nothing but a waste to go to this place.

Mikael clenched his fists.

But it seems that you’re wrong. We’re both wrong. Lark Marcus is a genius.

Chapter Thirty


Reports continued pouring from different cities all throughout the Kingdom. King Alvis’ stomach churned as he read them one by one. These past few days, he felt that he had grown a decade older.

Currently, the throne room was filled with his ministers. Despite staying up all night, they still failed to formulate a solution to the Black Famine.
“Something…” mumbled the King. “Anything! If the Black Famine continued destroying the crops…”

Black circles surrounded the eyes of the government officials. These old men had been the backbone of the Kingdom for several decades now. They all knew the current state of the Kingdom. The food deficit. The impending invasion from Mullgray Islands and the Empire.

A messenger entered the throne room. “Your Majesty, the report from Golden Wheat City has arrived.”

King Alvis and the ministers turned grim. Golden Wheat City was the Kingdom’s major producer of wheat. They sincerely prayed to the Gods that the city was untouched by the swarm.

“Report,” said King Alvis.

The messenger unfolded the scrolled parchment. He swallowed hard, then with a dignified voice, said, “As of the moment, the fields of Golden Wheat City haven’t been touched by the Black Famine yet.”

Everyone in the throne room heaved sighs of relief.

The messenger added, “But there have been sightings of the desert locusts in the nearby village. Lord Chase estimated that in the next few days, his city will be the swarm’s next target. He’s requesting for assistance, Your Majesty.”

The room broke into uproar. Murmurs and buzzes filled the air. They momentarily forgot they were in the presence of his Majesty.

“This is why I told you to mobilize the Royal Magicians! Just blow up those damnable insects! Burn them! But this damn Baron! Yes, I’m talking
about you, Baron Rysler! Weren’t you the one who kept hindering my plans?!” one of the ministers spat.

The man called Baron Rysler turned livid. “Have you gone senile, old man?! If you mobilize the Royal Magicians to clear those damn bastards, the Empire will surely use this opening to take away our lands! Can you take responsibility once that time comes, huh?!”

A woman chided. “That’s right! And besides, it’s impossible to take care of the swarms using fire magic! You’ll need at least Grand Scale Magic to wipe off half their amount!”

An old man joined the fray. “This is why I kept telling everyone to allocate more budget to the Ministry of Research! But everyone kept insisting that we should use them for the military instead!”

The debate continued. King Alvis merely sat there, silently listening to the arguments of the old men around him. His head throbbed. His stomach churned and he resisted the urge to vomit on the ground. The stress these past few days had piled up.

Unable to endure the ruckus any longer, he snarled, “Silence!”

His angry roar reverberated through the entire throne room. Immediately, silence befell everyone. The ministers realized how disgraceful they acted.

“Apologies, Your Majesty.” The ministers bowed their heads.

King Alvis sighed. Even if they bickered with each other, no solution would come out. “We can’t let Golden Wheat City become prey to the swarm.” He paused and stared at everyone. “We’re mobilizing the Royal Magicians.”

This was a dangerous move, since they would be risking an invasion from the Empire. But King Alvis knew that if Golden Wheat City fell from the swarm, the damage would be greater.

It was a gamble. An all-or-none situation.

Upon seeing the resolve within the King’s eyes, the Ministers stopped their complaints from coming out of their mouths.

“Baron Rysler.” King Alvis glared. “If I hear that you attempted to stop the magicians from moving again, I’ll personally see to it that your head falls in the plaza.”
The Baron could feel the murderous intent behind those words. He swallowed dry spit. “I wouldn’t dare, Your Majesty.”

Baron Rysler was a former professor in the Magic Academy. Three of the fifteen current Royal Magicians were his students in Magic Theory. Thus, he had enough say in the mobilization of the magician’s army.

King Alvis’s leg had been frozen stiff from sitting on the throne since last night. He stood up, groaned, and said, “I need to sleep. Everyone is dismissed.”

The ministers bowed. “Yes, Your Majesty!”

The King went out of the throne room and went back to his room. Upon reaching his bed, he slumped his body immediately.

He was dead tired. He momentarily had the urge to just sleep the problems away, to never wake up.

But he remembered his subjects. His loyal retainers. His citizens. The Kingdom passed down to him by his father. He could not abandon them. Until his last breath, he wanted to protect everything.

When he was about to fall asleep, a soft tang! sound was heard in the room. King Alvis was very much familiar with that sound. He went down his bed then approached the gemstone embedded on a stone pillar. As expected, a new message had arrived.

“From Mikael?” King Alvis remembered the veteran who never left his side during the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident fifteen years ago. The veteran who protected his life several times during that war.

He started reading the message. Soon, his eyes grew wide and his entire body quivered.

“W-What’s this?” he breathed. He read the entire message once again. A method to kill the Black Famine?

He could not believe that the method would be revealed to him like this. Moreover, the ingredients listed were common goods. With a simple command, he could gather these things en masse.
Mikael had been his trusted aid since he was just the Crown Prince. He would never lie to him.

Fatigue immediately washed off King Alvis’ body. He immediately issued out his commands. According to Mikael, the Lord of Blackstone Town used this method to annihilate the swarm.

If this really worked, then there was still hope for Golden Wheat City. And the same went for the other cities in the Kingdom.

***

Golden Wheat City was the second richest city in the entire Kingdom, next only to the Capital. Blessed with rich fields, it supplied almost half of all the wheats and poultries in the Kingdom.

Lord Chase, a man in his middle forties, stood on top of the wall encircling the city.

Unlike the other Lords, he was born a commoner. From a lowly serf, he climbed up the ranks and eventually reached the position of a clerk in the Lord’s Castle. The previous Lord took great liking to him, even going as far as letting him marry his daughter, Allessia.

After the previous Lord’s death, Chase inherited the title and started governing the City. Of course, this was met with ridicules, criticisms, and rebellions from the other nobles. But with the backing of the commoners, all discontents were quelled.

Twenty years had passed since then. The various reforms Chased initiated made Golden Wheat City what it was today. The forests he transformed into farmlands with the intent of giving jobs to the locals became the largest producer of wheat in the entire Kingdom.

“Lord, the swarm has destroyed the crops in Thanan Village,” reported one of his vassals.

Chase flinched. It was the closest village here. By foot, it would take only a day or two to reach it.

“Lord, if this continues…”

“I know,” said Chase. He bit his lips. He felt helpless, powerless.
Almost a year ago, the Black Famine struck the Kingdom. Fortunately, Golden Wheat City was untouched by the swarms.

It was truly a miracle back then. And because of that, they were able to mitigate the damage to the Kingdom. Golden Wheat City reduced the prices to the bare minimum, selling it to the affected cities within the Kingdom. Of course, people with intent of taking advantage of the catastrophe appeared, but they were immediately culled by the Royal Family.

Chase closed his eyes. His entire body bathed in the morning sun.

The last time he felt this powerless was when the previous Lord died from an unknown sickness.

Once the swarm came, he would be unable to do anything but watch as the crops wither. It was frustrating.

“Lord, there’s a message from the Royal Capital.”

Chase opened his eyes. He received the letter from his vassal.

“This is…” He momentarily stopped breathing. After regaining his composure, he roared, “Gather all the officials here! Now!”

Those around him jumped in surprise. They had never seen the Lord this agitated before. They looked at each other, and after a nod, enthusiastically replied, “Yes, My Lord!”

Soon, the officials of the city gathered before Chase. More than half of these men were of common birth. After all, Chase did not discriminate between nobles and commoners. As long as one had the ability, he would be able to climb the ladders of hierarchy in Golden Wheat City.

He went straight to the point, “I want everyone to gather these things for me.” He started enumerating the ingredients mentioned in the letter personally sent by the King. “Make haste! Time is of great essence!”

Although confused, the officials heeded his instructions.

“Salom,” said Chase.

“Lord?” One of his vassals replied.

“Prepare the carts. A hundred of them,” said Chase. “Make sure they’re ready five hours from now.”
“A hundred,” repeated the vassal. “But Lord, it’s impossible to gather that amount. Unless we—”

“—Issue a decree to the Merchants Guild.” Chase’s voice was firm. “Force them to let us borrow the carts and horses if necessary.”

The Merchants Guild was no pushover. The vassal thought that he would probably have to risk his life to finish this task. Still, he did not question his Lord’s will. “As you wish.”

Everyone started moving. Several hours passed, and soon, all preparations were completed. Thousands of gold coins were consumed with this single task.

“Do it like we’ve discussed,” said Lord Chase. Exactly a hundred carts were lined up before him. Each of them were filled with barrels. “To your designated positions! Move out!”

Horses neighed, and the carts moved to different directions. Their goal was to create a tight net covering all the farmlands. According to the King, the smoke produced after burning this so-called kelnup was lethal to the swarm.

Dusk came. Their fears became reality. The swarm arrived.

The insects flew over the city, casting a large shadow over everyone. For some reason, the wind seemed more freezing than usual. Majority of the citizens of Golden Wheat City were aware of the swarms currently infesting the entire Kingdom. They knew that if those insects started devouring the crops, everything would wither and die.

Lord Chase furrowed his brows.

This has to work. I cannot let these bastards destroy the crops!

With great determination, he shouted, “Fire the signal!”

Three magicians started chanting their magic. Soon, three balls of fire shot towards the sky and exploded. The various groups stationed all throughout the farmlands saw this. Immediately, they ignited the kelnups. It burned easily, creating thick white smoke which swirled up into the sky.

As everyone held their breaths, a miracle unfolded before their eyes.
A few minutes after the thick white smoke covered the sky, the black insects started falling down one after another, creating a torrential black rain.

Everyone’s jaws were slacked upon seeing this. They could not believe that the Black Famine – feared even by the Empire – was being culled like this.

No one knew who shouted first, but soon, the entire city burst into cheers.

The news of the swarm’s death spread like wildfire.

Lord Chase clenched his fists. He had to thank his Majesty for this. “Salom.”

“My Lord?”

“Send a report to the Royal Capital,” said Lord Chase. “Tell them that we have successfully killed the Black Famine.”

END OF VOLUME 2







Author’s Notes

Hello! Thank you for purchasing the second volume of Legend of the Arch Magus. Again, I’ll be needing your help with reviews since the algorithm of Amazon requires at least 50 reviews before they promote someone’s work.

Also, you can read the drafts at Patreon.com/crazyblackchili. I try to update the story there every now and then. Judging by the current pace, I’m capable of producing only 2 volumes per year, unfortunately. Again, thank you for the support!


Prologue

[Lion City – Commoners District]

Austen, a young man with auburn hair, knocked on the door before him.

The door creaked ajar, and an old man appeared.

Austen smiled.

“Good morning, Sir,” said Austen, presenting a neatly folded coat. “Here are the clothes you’ve ordered.”
The old man opened the door further. He stared at the still smiling Austen, then at the clothes the young man held in his hands. He frowned.

“You’re late.”

As though he had practiced it a thousand times before, Austen immediately bowed his head. “I’m sorry, Sir! I’ve ran into a bit of trouble along the way. Again, sorry!”

Now that he had taken a careful look at the young man, he noticed that Austen’s clothes were tattered, with dirt and mud here and there. His left cheek was swollen, and his lower lip was busted. Surprisingly, however, the coat he presented was in perfect condition.

The old man realized that the young chap must have been telling the truth. He turned to the dark skies above. The rain stopped only a few minutes ago

– yet the coat was dry, as though not a single rain drop fell on it. The old man sighed, “How much was it again?”

“Three silvers, sir.”

The old man pulled out some coins from his pouch then handed it to the young man.
Austen handed the coat over then quickly counted the coins. He realized that there was an excess of twenty coppers in there.

“Sir, the amount—”

“—They’re yours,” said the old man. “Keep it.” He stared again at the young man’s clothes. “They’re selling cheap tunics, around fifteen coppers near the slaughterhouse. Use the money to buy yourself one.”

Austen’s eyes glimmered. He breathed in a gust of air then loudly said, “Thank you, Sir!”
Those words reminded the old man of a military salute, and a small grin formed on his face.
Austen was humming after he delivered the product to the customer. He was an errand boy, a young man with quick legs.

Although the old man told him to buy himself a new tunic, Austen did not have such thoughts in the slightest. What he needed right now was food that is enough to feed his five siblings. As the eldest child, he has been the family’s supporting pillar ever since their parents died.

He was about to go back to the tailoring shop to deliver the payment from the old man when he suddenly came to a stop.
“Damn it,” he mumbled. With his keen eyes, he spotted the same thugs who were chasing after him several hours ago. They were huddled in a corner on the street, their burly bodies tall and menacing.

Austen was about to stealthily go back and find another route towards the tailoring shop when one of the thugs noticed him. The man quickly then told his comrades, and soon, everyone was staring at Austen’s direction.
“Crap.”

Austen took several steps back before turning around and running away.

Behind him, he could hear the thugs shouting at him.

“Stupid little shit! Stop! Come back here!”

Austen knew of no one who actually stopped after hearing those lines. On the contrary, it propelled him forward even faster, his eyes quickly swiveling left and right as he tried finding a way out.

When he first encountered the thugs several days ago, they were bullying him into paying a ‘protection fee’ for entering their ‘territory’, for which he obviously refused to do. Who knew such as small dispute would lead to this? Had Austen known better, he would have just handed those fifty coppers in exchange of a month’s worth of tranquil.

“God damn it!” he cursed under huffing breaths. The area where he worked was within the thug territory. He knew that his life would only become increasingly harder from now on.

Over there.

He decided to run into an alley. This place was a maze, but it would eventually lead him to his safety.
Or so he thought.

At the end of the alley, several men were waiting for his arrival. The moment Austen got out, he was struck by a wooden pole at the head, and a kick came flying right at his stomach.

Like hyenas, the thugs surrounded him at all sides as he remained sprawled on the muddy ground.
Austen coughed several times. Although his head throbbed, he still gingerly tried to stand up.
“Hello, little pup?” One of the thugs smiled, showing a rotting set of teeth. “Enjoyed the chase, didn’t you?”

Enjoyed, my ass.

Austen wanted to retort, but he was afraid that it would aggravate these guys’ fury even further.
“If you just paid the protection fee, this wouldn’t happen.” Another thug quipped, “A little dumb, aren’t we?”

As though it was the most hilarious joke they’ve ever heard, the guys around Austen laughed boisterously.
“Hey boss, look.” One of the thugs pointed at the tattered pouch on Austen’s waist. A small hole revealed the silver coins Austen earned, which made the thugs grin from ear to ear.

“We’ll be having beer tonight,” said the boss. “My treat.”

The thugs whistled as they looked at Austen with eyes full of greed.

Without warning, a kick came flying at Austen. It struck him right at the stomach, making him kneel down upon impact. He vomited on the ground.

I can’t let them take the money. If the boss finds out, I’ll be fired.

It was hard to find a job nowadays. He could not afford to leave it out of his grasp. He had several siblings to feed, after all.
Austen’s thoughts came at him one after another, just like the punches and kicks flying at him. The thugs were evidently enjoying this, chuckling at every hit.

Still, Austen did not let go of the pouch on his waist. He gnashed his teeth as he did his best not to fall unconscious. He knew that the moment he gives in to the pain, he loses his money, and everything would be over.
Forget the beatings. His family would die from hunger.

“Fuck? What the hell’s wrong with this bastard?”

The thugs who saw the fierce glare of Austen were momentarily taken aback. Despite the beatings, his eyes continued to blaze with life. Even with hit after hit, the young man refused to give away the pouch.

As they continued beating Austen, the thugs suddenly felt chills crawling down their spines. They’ve heard of this saying before: a cornered rat will bite a cat. If glares could kill, they would all be dead by now.

“Hey, what are you doing over there?”

They heard a shout from the end of the alley. Upon looking, they saw three men wearing leather armors, with swords dangling on their waists.
“The soldiers?” said the boss of the thugs. “Damn it. Let’s scram.” They looked at Austen one more time before they ran away from sight.

The soldiers hurriedly went towards Austen. They froze the moment they saw his battered body.

“Are you… alright?” The soldiers helped him stand up. “What happened here?”
Austen merely shook his head. The patrol in Lion City was corrupted. At least, that was the way it was for commoners. Nothing would change even if he reported those guys to these soldiers. Instead, he would just become a priority target for the thugs.

“It’s nothing,” he choked the words out. “I need to get going. Thank you.”

As expected, the soldiers did not pry into the matter any further. They simply watched as Austin disappeared from their sight.

***

After delivering the money to the tailor shop’s owner, Austen immediately went towards the Market District to buy food for his siblings. His aching body could wait. His priority right now was to feed his starving family. It’s been two days since they last ate, after all.
Currently, he had sixty coppers with him. It was a pitiable amount, considering the fact that he had five more mouths to feed. The second oldest child also used to work as an errand boy, but after falling ill, the task of procuring food for the family all fell on Austen's shoulder.
To make matters worse, the Black Famine has struck the Kingdom. The City of Mavas, which provided the supply of wheat for Lion City, was devastated by the swarm. As expected, the prices of food sky-rocketed.
The price. Please, let these sixty coppers be enough to feed my siblings even just for tonight.

Austen’s heart thumped as he approached the cheapest stall around.

“Ah, Austen.” The vendor was familiar with the young man and his circumstances. He has gotten used to seeing the young man’s body in tatters. “Wheat or bread?”

Austen took out the coppers from his pouch. He resisted the urge to collapse to the ground. The pain enclosing his entire body was excruciating.

“Wheat.”

The vendor understood. He took the copper coins then gave Austen a small bag filled to the brim with wheat. Upon seeing this, Austen’s eyes grew wide to the point of popping out.

For a moment, he thought that the vendor took pity of his plight and decided to add more wheat in the bag than usual.
“That face. You haven’t heard of it yet, eh?” said the vendor.

Austin didn’t reply. He was still busy gawking at the wheat-filled bag.

“It happened five days ago,” said the vendor. “The Merchants Guild has secured a steady supply of wheat and poultry for the City.”

Austen’s body trembled. To a pauper like him, this was great news.

“Blackstone Town, was it?” said the vendor. “It seems like that place was untouched by the swarm. And this is the interesting part” – the vendor lowered his voice, as though the next words he was going to say was something that could absolutely not be leaked out – “they say that the farmlands there have enough wheat for harvest to feed a small portion of the entire Kingdom.”

Austen gasped. He almost shouted and praised the Gods for the existences of Blackstone Town.
The vendor smiled, “Here. Take it.” He pushed the small bag towards Austen, and the young man immediately grabbed it.

“Ah, by the way.” The vendor scrutinized Austin from head to foot. “You’re still working for that tailor shop?”
Austen bobbed his head.

The vendor took out a piece of parchment from his bag. “Look at this.”

Austen could not read, so he merely stared at the words written on the parchment. The vendor was aware of this, so he said, “It says here that Blackstone Town is hiring additional hands. Farmers, miners, masons, even the military. Minimum payment’s six silvers. For the military, it’s eleven silvers.”

Austen was stunned speechless. He immediately understood what the vendor was trying to say. The tailoring shop was paying him around two silvers a month. It was not enough to feed five more mouths.
“You’re still young, so this might be the perfect opportunity for you,” said the vendor. “I’ve heard that a lot of people are planning on migrating to Blackstone Town. Oh, and there’s also the rumor that their Lord personally crushed a Legion of beastmen several months ago. But I doubt that’s true. Still, the Merchants Guild vouched for the authenticity of this recruitment, so the salary’s probably real.”

Six silvers. Those two words sounded so tempting that Austen stood frozen for a moment.
And what if he got accepted in the military? He would be handsomely rewarded with eleven silvers each month – a dream he wouldn’t be able to achieve in this rotten city.

Furthermore, he had become the target of those thugs several days ago. The more he contemplated, the more it became apparent which choice he should take.

“I’ll go,” Austen finally said.

The vendor smiled, “I guess I’m losing a loyal customer, eh? Here. Take this.”
Austen stared at the coin placed on top of the counter.

“That’s a silver coin,” said Austen. “Why?”

“A whim, I guess?” said the vendor. “Besides, your father was a friend of mine. Just think of it as a parting gift from this mister who couldn’t leave Lion City.”

Austen’s body trembled. He willed the tears back from forming. He mumbled, “T-Thank you.”
The vendor was still smiling. “The Merchants Guild regularly comes to Blackstone Town. I think the next caravan is in a couple of hours. Austen, use that silver coin to start a new life in that place. Take the other kids with you. You are still young. I’m sure you’ll manage to get by somehow.”

Austen was unable to contain his tears any longer. He bowed his head to hide it. “Thank you. Thank you very much!”

He decided to come to Blackstone Town.

Chapter One

Lark had just finished his daily mana training when he received news that the Mason wished to see him. Wiping the sweat off his brows, he half-emptied the flask on the table and went down to the mansion’s hall. Silver Claw, the man in-charge of all the construction works in town, was already waiting for him there.

The man immediately went straight to the point upon seeing Lark. “Young Master,” said the Mason. “The Training Hall’s been finished.” Lark whistled, “That’s fast. I thought it’ll take a week more?”

The Mason grinned, “That’s what I thought too. But you see, we’ve been receiving a lot of immigrants lately from Lion City. The population of this town’s growing and it’s becoming easier to find laborers for these tasks.”

Lark was aware of this. Being an exporter of wheat in a time when the Black Famine had just struck the Kingdom surely made an impact. The rumors of how he drove back a Legion of Beastmen was quickly spreading in the Main Land. Although majority of people did not believe it, it was still enough to spread Lark’s name far and wide. Those who seek new possibilities and opportunities grabbed this chance to start anew in Blackstone Town. Each week, every time the merchants arrived, the population of the town would increase by the dozens.

The recently finished Training Hall was near the southern border, just fifteen minutes away from the Poultry Farm. When Lark and the Mason arrived, there were still several laborers inside. Some were carrying unused wood, while some carried saws and hammers.

Lark looked around the Training Hall. It somehow reminded him of the temples located in the suburbs of the Magic Empire. The floor was paved and several stone pillars surrounded the arena at the center. These pillars served not as supporting structures, but instead as mediums for the magic arrays spread all throughout the entire hall. Above, the sun seeped through the large gaping hole of the wooden roof directly above the arena.

Following Lark’s design, the Mason ordered his men to carve these peculiar symbols on the pillars before filling the grooves with gold and ormatane dust. On top of the stone pillars were kalrane stones, each of them
positioned strategically to absorb light during the day and emit it during the night, making the Hall functional at any time.
Lark moved around and inspected the magic formations engraved inside the pillars. After some time, he nodded and said, “There’s hardly any defects. This should be good enough for now.”

Although it was not perfect, it was enough to serve its purpose. Lark planned to use this Training Hall to boost the overall might of his army.

“Summon Anandra and the Blackstone Soldiers,” said Lark. “Tell Gaston to bring all the humanoids here too, while you’re at it.”
“You heard the Young Master,” said the Mason to one of his men. “Go.”

After several minutes, around a hundred men entered the Training Hall. Most of them looked around in curiosity, their eyes specifically glued to the symbols engraved on the stone pillars.

“The Blackstone Soldiers greet the Young Master,” said Anandra. He immediately made his salute upon eye contact. Behind him, the other soldiers followed suit.

Lark nodded in approval of this. He looked at the open door of the Training Hall and saw Gaston and the humanoids as they arrived.
“Just in time,” said Lark. “Perfect.”

After gathering everyone, Lark led them towards the arena.

“Anandra,” said Lark.

“Young Master?” said the man with the golden hair.

“How’s the training of the soldiers?”

“Most of them have gotten used to the basics of the spear. I can confidently say that they wouldn’t lose easily even against the soldiers from Lion City.”

This was good news. Lark did not expect everyone to become masters of the spear in just a few months, but at the very least, he wanted them to grasp the basic movements of the spear. He wanted them to master the basics of thrust, pull, and cut.

Aside from training the basic movements, the Blackstone Soldiers also never neglected stamina training. Just like when they first started, everyone was still required to run a set amount of distance while carrying a spear.
“Listen,” said Lark. Everyone’s eyes fell on him. “I’m sure you’ve all realized this by now after battling with the beastmen.” He paused. “The battlefield is far different from your everyday training. The basic movements we are trying to engrave into your bodies can help you only until a certain extent.”

The Blackstone Soldiers stiffened. Although two months had passed since the invasion of the beastmen, everything was still vivid in their minds. None of them could refute the Young Master’s statement. Indeed, during a real life-or-death battle, there are no set rules. The basics of the spear could help them only until a certain extent.

“What everyone needs right now is experience,” said Lark. “And for that, I created this Training Hall.”
Lark pointed at Captain Qarat, the second-in-command of the soldiers of Blackstone Town.
“This Hall is built with the purpose of increasing the regenerative capacities of those inside. We could even convert it into an infirmary during times of war. Captain, use that short sword on your waist and cut your arm in this place.”

Everyone was puzzled. Even Captain Qarat hesitated.

“It’s fine.” Lark’s voice was imposing. “Do it.”

A bit hesitant, Captain Qarat pulled out the short sword and made a deep cut on his arm. He flinched. Blood profusely dripped down the ground.

“Now, focus,” said Lark. “Will the wounds to close on its own. Imaging that this entire Hall is going to heed your instructions.”

Despite its peculiarities, Qarat followed Lark’s words. He closed his eyes and concentrated with all his might. To everyone’s surprise, the symbols on the pillars glowed, and particles of light started forming next to Qarat’s wound. After several seconds, the wound closed on its own.

Qarat heard the gasps of surprise from his fellow soldiers. Upon opening his eyes, he was stunned speechless upon realizing that the wound was gone.

Lark raised five fingers. “Five times. Judging by the amount of mana in your body, you can probably do it again for five more times. Of course, bigger wounds will consume a lot more mana, while the smaller ones will use less.”
Qarat opened and closed his mouth, trying to find his voice. When he eventually did, he asked, “I… I used Healing Magic?”
His voice was almost a whisper, but everyone heard it.

Lark nodded. “That’s right. The same is applicable to anyone else inside this Hall. The pillars surrounding you will serve as mediums and will help you cast the lowest grade of healing magic. The only limitation is the amount of mana within your bodies.”

The words that came out of the Young Master’s mouth was absurd, since healing magic was one of the most coveted spells. Even the weakest Healers would easily find a job in the Capital.

“Silver Claw, the wooden spears?” said Lark.

“They’re in the storage room of this Training Hall,” said the Mason.

“Bring them over here.”

“As you wish.”

The Mason and his men started handing out wooden spears to all of the soldiers.

Lark cleared his throat. “When you train inside this arena, all wounds inflicted on you will be healed as long as you have enough mana. Grab this chance to hone yourselves.”
