“Ranz, the traps!”

“Yes, My Lord! The flag! Pull out the flag!”

A soldier next to Ranz pulled out a red flag. Seeing this, the soldiers they left behind before – those stationed next to the traps – started moving at once.

The sound of hooves was heard behind them. Lancaster looked at the rear and saw a cloud of dust approaching their direction. It seemed that the Rizel Army had finally caught up to them.

Normally, Lancaster would be pallid with fear by now. But since they were finally at the Mouth of the Naga, he did not feel fear.

Lancaster smirked.

What a perfect timing.

With a wave of his hand, those traps would rain down their enemies. Even Rizel would not come out unscathed after being assaulted by dozens of boulders at once.

“Keep going!” he said to his men.

They still needed to pretend to be fleeing, at least until the Rizel Army was within the range of those traps.

“My Lord, it’s been a pleasure serving you,” said Ranz, his lips crooked into a smile. “But this is where we part.”
Ranz slapped his horse and sped up. He took out a flag black flag and waved it several times.

Soon, the entire Mouth of the Naga rumbled. The ground shook and the horses neighed. Lancaster’s eyes widened upon seeing the traps activate all at once.

“W-What’s happening?!” Lancaster was baffled. “Why did the traps suddenly activate!?”

And then realization hit him. The reason why the scouts he sent out before did not come back. The reason why they failed to notice their enemies. The reason why the traps were activated now of all times, just when Lancaster’s army was directly below it.

“Ranz!” Lancaster roared. “You piece of shit! You damn dog of the Empire!”

Despite the rumbling sound from the falling boulders, Lancaster’s voice still managed to echo inside the valley.

Ranz, who had sped up ahead, glanced at Lancaster. Those smiling lips were clearly mocking his Lord. He was saying something, but the rumbling sound from the falling boulders drowned out everything.

And the boulders struck the retreating Lancaster Army.

Hundreds of soldiers were crushed to death at once, their armors flattened out and their bodies turned into paste. The boulders splintered upon impact and impaled those that managed to dodge the initial attack.

Even Lancaster did not manage to come out unscathed from the trap. His left shoulder was impaled by the splinters and the head of his horse was crushed by a flying rock.

Lancaster had no choice but to dismount and hide behind a small crevice until the rain of boulders stopped. By the time the clouds of dust cleared up, a gruesome sight revealed itself. Lancaster shuddered upon seeing the pools of blood flowing down the ground, the crushed bodies and dismembered limbs. There were around thirty or forty soldiers who managed to miraculously survive, but all of them were also wounded, and some were unable to even stand up.
Ranz and the rest of his men approached Lancaster. They all were looking at the survivors with eyes filled with mockery and disdain.

“Ranz, since when?” Lancaster gnashed his teeth. He wanted to stab the damn bastard, but with a wounded body, he knew he would not be a match for the leader of the scouts.

“I’ve been working for the Empire for more than a decade now,” said Ranz.

Lancaster was stunned upon hearing this. Ranz started working for the Kelvin Duchy seven years ago. And it was only four years ago when he started serving Lancaster.

Then, it meant that Ranz never truly ‘betrayed’ him. He had never been his soldier in the first place.

“Sometimes, I regret working for the Kelvin Duchy. Maybe it would have been better if I infiltrated the House Marcus instead. Who would have known that the successor of the House Kelvin is this incompetent? How disappointing.”

“Ranz!” Lancaster was about to draw his sword when a kick struck his wounded shoulder. He suppressed a scream of pain as his body rolled over the ground several times.

“My Lord!”

“Ranz! How could you do this to our Master!”

The surviving soldiers formed a barricade around Lancaster. They all took out their weapons despite their wounded bodies.

The Rizel Army chasing after them finally caught up.

Ranz bowed down upon seeing the General of the Empire.

“My Lord, it’s been a long time,” said Ranz.

The old man with a missing arm smile upon seeing Ranz. He looked at Lancaster who was struggling to get up, and the soldiers shielding him.

“Good work.” Rizel pulled out his sword and started approaching Lancaster and his men. “You’ll be assigned to a different Kingdom after this. Surely, you wouldn’t mind?”
Ranz closed his eyes. “Of course. This faithful servant shall follow the Lord’s command.”

Rizel’s figure blurred and moments after, several dozens of head flew into the air. More than half of the soldiers guarding Lancaster kneeled and fell down the ground, headless.

Lancaster shuddered. General Rizel was missing an arm, but he was still the monster described to them during his stay in the military academy. This so-called relic of the past era was a monster who could slaughter several hundred soldiers on his own.

And there’s General Alvaren.

Two monsters – General Alvaren and General Rizel – were sent by the Empire for this war. For a moment, Lancaster doubted if the Kingdom would survive this ordeal. The enemies were simply too strong this time.

To make matters worse, General Rizel was not only strong in combat – he was also a genius tactician.

Who would have known that Ranz, his most trusted subordinate, was actually a dog of the Empire? Lancaster was sure that the Empire had also planted spies on the other Ducal Houses, and maybe even within the Royal Family.

Shit. Damn it.

“Kill me!” growled Lancaster. “Damn bastard! Just kill me already!”

General Rizel looked at him with eyes filled with amusement. He chuckled, “Kill you?” His figure blurred once again and the remaining soldiers fell on the ground, headless. “Do I look that stupid to you?”

General Rizel stabbed Lancaster’s thigh with his sword. Blood spurted out and Lancaster groaned and fell down on one knee.

“You’re the successor to the House Kelvin. As long as we hold you captive, the Kelvin Army will not move out.”

Lancaster smirked. “Even if you kill me, my father can easily choose another successor of the family. My father wouldn’t hesitate to abandon me.”
“I know,” Rizel grinned. “But Duke Kelvin is a coward. He will surely grab this as the perfect excuse not to participate in the war.”

Lancaster stiffened. He knew his father very well. He was sure that his father would really use this as an excuse to preserve their forces.

“Tie him up,” said Rizel. Several soldiers immediately grabbed Lancaster and tied him up. “And send a message to the Capital. Tell them that we have taken Lancaster Kelvin captive.”


***


The news of Lancaster’s defeat quickly spread within the Capital and the nearby cities of the Kingdom. Upon receiving the news of his son’s capture, Duke Kelvin immediately made an excuse not to send out his forces for war.

King Alvis’ head throbbed at this sudden development. He had not expected that the capture of a single city – of a single individual – would cripple a large portion of their fighting prowess in an instant.

Most of the military might of the Kingdom came from the three Ducal Houses. And now that one of them was using this incident as an excuse not to participate, they have literally lost almost a third of their overall forces.
King Alvis could use the crown to force the other nobles to participate in the war, but it was a different matter for the Ducal Houses. Each of the three Dukes held power comparable to the Royal Family. If he antagonized one of them, now of all times, civil war might break out.

After some contemplation, King Alvis made up his mind. He donned a plain shirt, removed all his accessories, and put on a dirty-looking cloak. He went towards the slum area, accompanied only by two of his most trusted guards.

“Your Majesty, are you sure about this?” one of his guards whispered.

Although the three of them were wearing dirty-looking clothes, the residents were still intently staring at their direction. Despite their disguise, the regal movements of King Alvis were easily seen by a discerning eye.
“Stop asking questions and follow me,” the King whispered back. On his hand was a glass bead the size of an egg. Inside the glass bead was a pointer, which acted like a compass. No matter where they went, the pointer kept pointing to a certain direction.

King Alvis managed to make contact with the Dwarven Kingdom, thanks to this artifact. And now, he was using this in hopes of sending a message to the Dwarven King.

Thankfully, despite the constant stares, none of the residents of the slums bothered with them. The two guards the King brought with him smelled dangerous, deterring any malicious intent from befalling their group.
Their group finally stopped in front of a shabby-looking bungalow. The broken door was haphazardly patched up with planks, and the glass of the windows had several cracks.

After again checking the glass bead’s pointer, King Alvis was finally sure that this was the right place.

He sent a signal to the two guards and they nodded back. King Alvis knocked on the door.

There was no answer.

“Maybe, no one’s home?” the King mumbled.

For a moment, he was worried that their journey here was all for naught.

The King knocked again. No answer.

One of the guards grabbed the handle of the door and twisted it. To their surprise, the door creaked open. They stepped inside and dust flew about.
King Alvis coughed several times.

“Your Majesty—”

“—I’m fine,” King Alvis waved his hand. “More importantly—”

They all looked at the man sleeping on the bed. He was short, his height reaching only until the chest of King Alvis. He was snoring softly, mumbling incomprehensible words every now and then.

The guards stared at the man in bewilderment, while King Alvis slowly smiled.
Their journey was not in vain. The glass bead was right. There was indeed one – a point of contact.

After the negotiations with the Dwarven Kingdom broke down, the previous dwarven envoy left the Kingdom. Luckily, the glass bead pointed the King to another member of the Dwarven race.

“He’s drunk,” said one of the guards.

Next to the bed were several empty bottles of alcohol.

“Wake him up,” said the King.

The guards walked up to the man and shook him up. Eventually, the snoring stopped and the man opened his eyes. Upon seeing the guards, the man jumped up and shrieked.

“W-Who are you?!”

The man looked around for any available weapons at his arsenal before realizing that there was none. Eventually, he decided to settle for the bottle of wine on the ground. He waved the bottle threateningly, his eyes swiveling between the guards and the silent King.

The King stepped forward and signaled the guards to stand back. He pulled out the hood of his cloak and revealed his face.

Upon seeing him, the man was baffled. His grip on his weapon – the wine bottle – loosened. “T-The King?” His voice was almost a whisper. “What is the King doing here?”

The man could not comprehend what was happening. Why would such a powerful figure suddenly enter his abode? This pungent slum which reeked of the word ‘poverty.’

The King flashed his kindest smile. “Sorry for intruding. We knocked several times, but no one was answering.”

The man looked at the King, at the guards, then back. He was at a loss for words right now.

“You’re a member of the Dwarven Race, aren’t you?” the King went straight to the point.
Like a splash of cold water, this question removed the man from his stupor.

He creased his brows after finally realizing what the King was here for.

“I heard that the negotiations between the Kingdom and the Dwarves broke down.” The dwarf sat on his bed and put the wine bottle down. “I’m a nobody. It’s impossible for me to contact the Dwarven Kingdom.”

Despite those words, the hope within the eyes of King Alvis did not vanish. This dwarf knew of the negotiations between King Alvis and the Dwarven Kingdom. Contrary to what he said just a while ago, there was no way he was just a nobody – only those within a considerable position would know about the negotiations several months ago.

“If it’s impossible for you to contact the Dwarven Kingdom… then maybe you know someone who can?”

The dwarf shook his head, his long brown beard moving along with it. “No. I don’t know anybody. Please! Get out!”

The guards glared at the dwarf but King Alvis wordlessly told them to stand still, to stand back.

“I see. It’s such a shame,” King Alvis sighed. “I guess I’ll have to find another dwarf to give this two-hundred-year-old wine.”

King Alvis skillfully showed a small bottle of wine behind his cloak, then quickly hid it. The dwarf, upon seeing the red liquid sloshing inside, swallowed hard.

“T-Two-hundred-year-old?!”

King Alvis inwardly smiled upon seeing the flustered face of the dwarf. He slightly bowed his head, “We apologize for the intrusion. We’ll be on our way then.”

King Alvis turned around and walked towards the door. The guards immediately followed suit.

There was no hint of hesitation within those footsteps. The dwarf knew that if he did not stop these guys from leaving, they would really leave this place.

The words ‘two-hundred-year-old wine’ kept resounding within the dwarf’s head. Even in the Dwarven Kingdom, such a precious bottle would be hard
to find. Forget the cost. It was not something money could buy. “W-Wait!” the dwarf croaked the words out. “Please wait!”

King Alvis halted. He prevented a smile from forming on his lips. With an unfazed, stoic face, he turned around and asked, “Yes?”

“I was not lying when I said that I have no means of contacting the Kingdom,” said the dwarf in quick successions. “But I know someone who can!”

The King gave out a practiced smile. “You know someone who can?”

The dwarf nodded. “Yes. But—” He pointed at right side of the King’s cloak where the bottle was hidden. “—In exchange.”

“—Of course,” the King nodded his head in understanding. “This bottle of wine. It will be yours.”

Epilogue

A week had passed since Lark returned to Blackstone Town. Today, Lark decided to proceed with the plan.
He went to the basement of the Mansion and pushed open the metallic door of the underground chamber. The doors creaked and a foul stench assaulted him the moment the door was opened. Lark snapped his fingers and five small orbs of fire manifested themselves around him. They shot towards the torches latched on the walls, making them blaze into life. Shadows moved as the flames momentarily flickered.

Lark crinkled his nose. The smell of rotting corpses filled the entire room. By now, almost all of the monster corpses from Lion City had been transferred here in this underground chamber – thousands of them – literally forming a small mountain of corpses. The vast underground chamber felt cramped and suffocating.

“I can’t work like this.”

Using silent magic, a translucent bubble made of water magic started encasing Lark’s head. It conveniently filtered out the horrible stench filling the entire room.

Lark breathed out a sigh of relief, “Ah, that’s better.”

He had not expected to miss the fresh air this soon after stepping inside the chamber. After crunching his neck, he grabbed the pouch sitting on the floor and poured down its contents while he walked. Slowly, the dusts poured from the pouch started forming a magic formation:

A large magic circle with smaller magic formations at the periphery.

Lark pointed his finger at the pile of corpses filling almost the entire of room. The mountain of corpses then quivered, and the dead bodies of monsters started floating one after another, each of them landing perfectly on the smaller magic circles.

Next, Lark used gravity magic to lift one of the few dozens of the suits of armor standing at the corner of the room and placed it at the center of the magic circle. It took Lark a week to create these suits of armor using all the available iron ingots.

Lark gazed at the sight before him. The suit of armor was inside the largest magic circle, while nine monster corpses surrounded it in all directions. A
lot of time had passed since the monsters died. Hopefully, there would still be enough essence inside of them to extract.
With Lark acting as its source of mana, the magic circle started to glow an azure hue. Numerous runes and symbols sprang into life and spun around, buzzing and flying like fireflies. In stark contrast, a malevolent aura started oozing out of the monster corpses, eventually forming a black haze which tried to overshadow the glowing runes. An eerie cry, which reminded Lark of death throes, could be heard in the room.

The runes shattered like glass before disintegrating into particles of light. Along with it, the black haze also dissipated. The eerie cry vanished and silence returned to the room.

And then the sound of metals clanking resounded. From inside the darkness of the suit of armor’s visor, yellow light flickered. It was staring straight at Lark.

“If you acknowledge me as your master, kneel down.”

The suit of armor groaned, the light inside its helm blazed even fiercer than before. It stomped its feet forward, grunted, then knelt down.

Lark smiled at this. It was a success.

At first, he was a bit worried that the essence from the dead monsters have totally faded away after more than a week had passed, but it seemed that using several dead bodies at once more than made up for that.
Lark stared at the kneeling suit of armor. Unlike the bodies housing the essence of the male and female basilisks, the body of this one was similar to the ones knights normally used. Unless one probed really close, it would be hard to realize that it was nothing but a living suit of armor.

Although the bodies housing the essence of the basilisks were ideal for battle and for developing the territory, they looked grotesque, almost similar to monsters. Lark was sure that if he brought an army of such grotesque-looking monsters, no city in the Kingdom would allow him entry.

Unlike its predecessors – the so-called Guardians of Blackstone Town – this suit of armor was created using the essence of the gorilla-like monsters. Despite also being made of iron, the strength of this one was vastly different. It was, after all, created using the essence of monsters stronger than goblins.

“Stand over there,” Lark pointed at the walls.
The suit of armor stood up, walked towards the walls, and stood there like a stone statue.
“I’ll be stuck in this place until evening, huh?” Lark wryly smiled.

There were still mountains of corpses around him. Thankfully, his expanded mana pool would enable him to facilitate the ritual several times before finally running out of mana.

***

While Lark was locking himself inside the underground chamber every day, creating more soldiers, the library continued its production of books. Despite the complexity of the machines used to mass produce the books written by Lark himself, the workers soon started grasping how to operate them. Their speed of production noticeably increased as time went by.

By the second week since Lark’s return to Blackstone Town, thirty copies of ‘Principles of a Just Sovereign’ had already been printed out.
Since almost everyone who were literate in the town were soldiers, the copies naturally fell into their hands. Every day after training, they were mandated to come to the library, grab a copy of the book, and read it.
Qarat, the Captain of the soldiers, was coming home late every day because of this, but he did not mind it in the slightest. On the contrary, he felt privileged that such precious books were made available to mere commoners like them.

“Captain, what do you think of this? According to Evander Alaester, although the Sovereign holds the right to propel the Kingdom toward its chosen path, only its people is capable of paving the road forward. A nation is nothing without its people. Without the people, the crown is nothing but a husk made of gold and emeralds.”

Each of the soldiers reading the book were former illiterates. To them, this was the first time they had read something as profound as this. The statement of the author of this book was bold, as though he did not fear being prosecuted by the throne.

Was Evander Alaester a well-known figure? A popular author? This was the first book Captain Qarat had ever read, so he did not know.
“I’m… not sure,” the Captain’s voice trailed off.

Although the current King was not such a warmonger as compared to his predecessor, the throne still held absolute control over its people. Qarat
could not understand the statement ‘only its people is capable of paving the road forward.’ Surely, the royals knew better than mere commoners like them, right?

As Qarat continued reading the book, he could not help but stop and stare at what was written every now and then. The book even touched upon the topic of slavery.

In the Kingdom of Lukas, owning a slave was not a crime. It was perfectly legal as long as the slave was brought from an authorized merchant. The treatment of slaves in this Kingdom was certainly a lot better than the other Kingdoms.

In the book, the author bluntly stated that slavery was detrimental to the development of a Kingdom. Although slaves would perfectly follow every command as if their lives were on the line, the growth of each individual is hindered by the shackles in the form of the relationship of a Master-Servant.

Evander stated that if the slaves were given freedom to pursue self-improvement, or if their masters impart with them resources for growth, these so-called insignificant lives would form the firm foundation of an Empire.

These statements from this author were thought-provoking. Every now and then, Qarat would hold his breath and reread them. For some reason, this book felt like it was written to overthrow the norm of this nation.
“Evander Alaester… this author doesn’t hold back, huh?”

Qarat agreed with the comment of his fellow soldier. This author was indeed fearless in expressing his opinions. But somehow, it’s what made it enjoyable to read.

He heard from the Young Master that more books written by Evander will be released soon. Unfortunately, it would take some time before their completion.

“Why is it so noisy over there?”

Qarat frowned. The soldiers at the table across him were starting to become noisy. Even the newly hired librarian was fed up and started standing up. The librarian said, “You’ve been briefed of the rules beforehand, right? Stop making noises in the library! Shut up!”

The buzzes around them immediately stopped. The soldiers looked at each other, their faces filled with shock – or was it amazement? Qarat was not so
sure.

Eventually, the soldiers stood up. The moment they stepped outside the library, the started talking animatedly among themselves again. Seeing this, Qarat could not help but wonder what the fuss was all about. He closed his book, placed it on the shelf, and headed outside.
“Hey, some of you still haven’t read the book yet,” Qarat reminded them. “I saw the librarian jotting down your names. You’ll surely be reported to Lady Melody.”

Normally, just mentioning the name of The Scholar was enough to instill fear to this bunch. The Scholar was their teacher, after all, and she held a fair amount of authority in Blackstone Town.

But right now, the soldiers did not even care about that.

“Captain, look at this.”

One of his men spread open a newspaper. Judging by the crest at the rightmost corner, it was the official newspaper published by the Capital.

“The merchants came by this afternoon and they gave us this one.” Qarat read the headlines.

The Fall of Yorkshaire City. The Empire Declared an All-Out War with the Kingdom.
Shivers crawled down Qarat’s spine. Even he, a commoner, knew the grave importance of Yorkshaire. It was a city well-known even among the masses.

That city was the only stopper blocking the path of the Empire towards the Kingdom. For decades, that fortress never fell to the enemies’ hands. The City was famous for being impregnable. How could it suddenly fall?

“I-It happened several days after the King’s birthday. C-Captain… They mentioned the Young Master’s name.”
“The newspaper?”

Qarat started reading the news article. Slowly, the curiosity within his face dissipated and was replaced by utter bafflement.

They were blaming him.

They were blaming the Young Master for this predicament.

According to the news, the Young Master visited the Capital upon receiving an invitation from the Crown. During the awarding ceremony, he was even
dubbed by the King as the hero who saved the Kingdom. Apparently, it was the Young Master who invented the method to kill the Black Famine.
After receiving his rewards, the disowned son of Duke Drakus started suggesting plans to destroy the Empire. He drafted the plan of attacking the City of the Empire nearest Yorkshaire. Although most of the nobels were against it, the known womanizer from the House Marcus forcibly pushed with his ideas. Although it isn’t confirmed, some witnesses said that Lark Marcus used the awarding ceremony to coerce the King to listen to his demands.

Qarat knew that newspapers sometimes tend to be biased – it was written by humans, after all – but the way this article was dissing the Young Master was outright blatant. It was screaming with the words ‘He’s at fault! He’s at fault!’

Qarat finally read the part wherein all nobles were required to send a thousand soldiers to the front lines.
“A thousand soldiers,” mumbled Qarat.

There was no way they could achieve that. They had been diligent with their training, and they could confidently say that goblins were no longer their match, but their numbers did not even reach two hundred by this time.
“Are we going to be sent to the front lines?” asked one of the younger soldiers.
Qarat finally understood why everyone were so panic-stricken.

The Western Front was far from here, and even if the Capital fell, it would still take some time before the flames of war would reach this faraway town. With this order, however, the soldiers would be forcibly sent to the front lines.

“Against the Empire? They brought with them fifty to sixty thousand soldiers!” One of the soldiers was almost hysterical. “We’ll surely die if we go there!”

The fear within these guys were understandable. Not even a year had passed since they became soldiers. Although they have fought against the goblins and beastmen, it was not that easy to shake off the fear from former farmers like them. Even the undefeated War God lost the battle. Even the Sword Saint retreated. Without a doubt, their enemies this time was a lot stronger.
Silence befell them. Everyone looked at the Captain as though he held all the answers.
Eventually, Qarat sighed, “I’ll go.”

These two simple words surprised everyone.

Qarat looked at each one of them. “You guys have read the book, right? Evander said it himself. Sheathed swords are nothing but useless ornaments. If we do not fight when our Lord needs our strength, then are we still qualified to be his soldiers? Isn’t it our responsibility to raise our swords, fight, and shield the Lord from his enemies?”

Qarat looked up. The twin crimson moons were bright tonight.

“The beastmen invasion. I’ve always wondered. Why didn’t the Young Master flee to Lion City that time? Why did he choose to fight alongside us? He’s a High Noble. The second son of a Duke. Fleeing to safety should be easy for him. But instead, he stayed and protected this small town.”

The eyes of the soldiers listening to him quivered.

“I can’t believe there’ll come a time that I’ll be saying this… but,” Qarat paused and wryly smiled. “I’m really glad that the Young Master is the Lord of Blackstone Town.”

An indescribable heat started forming inside the soldiers’ chests. They started remembering the various reforms made by the Young Master. If they had not seen it with their own eyes, they would have not believed that a town could be developed so much in such a short period of time.

“I won’t force everyone to come, and I’ll personally speak to the Young Master to forgive those who wishes to stay in this town.” Qarat clenched his fists. His voice was filled with resolve. “But I’ll follow the Young Master to the battle at the front lines.”









END OF VOLUME 3

AUTHOR’S NOTES:

Thanks for reading my book. While writing volume 3, I wondered several times if I could actually finish the 3rd volume of the series, with hardly enough time to sleep due to my sched and all. I’m glad I made it.

A big shout out to Mr.Adams! Thank you for your support all this time!

Volume 4 will focus on the war between the Kingdom and the Empire, and if the time permits it, the mysteries of the Endless Forest and the Lake of Full Moon.

If you like my work, please leave a review on Amazon. My goal is 50 reviews. It will really help.

You can read the drafts of all chapters of the book on my patreon page. It also includes the unreleased volume 4 chapters.

You can find it here: www.patreon.com/crazyblackchili

Again, thanks for reading.

-M. Sisa

















































VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 1

A few months had passed since the Empire took over Yorkshaire City. More than half of the western part of the Kingdom had been seized by the Empire’s forces. Several cities of the Kingdom had already fallen to the Empire’s hands.

After Lancaster’s capture, The Kelvin Duchy was crippled, and the overall fighting strength of the Kingdom started to collapse. At this rate, it would
only be a matter of time before the Empire annexed the entire Kingdom.

Yosef, a balding middle-aged soldier, was the messenger tasked to deliver the crown’s decree to Blackstone Town. For the past several weeks, he had been travelling non-stop from the capital, along with several other messengers tasked to deliver the decree to the other nobles.

“Let’s see,” he mumbled. “This is Blackstone Town, huh?”

This was the most remote of all the territories in the east. A town located in the middle of the wilderness, right at the entrance of the Endless Forest. The place was so remote that the town was not even drawn on the map.

Just looking at the town from afar, Yosef immediately came to the conclusion that this place would be unable to provide any reinforcements for the Kingdom. Forget one thousand soldiers. Even half that would be asking too much.

“Finally,” he said. “Let’s get the job done and go back to the capital.”

He was confident that the messengers had done their duties well. By estimate, they had managed to gather almost twelve thousand soldiers from the various nobles all throughout the eastern part of the Kingdom. All that was left was this town.

He knew there was no way this town could provide the Kingdom with a thousand soldiers, so he should at least bring its Lord back with him to the capital.

Yosef entered the town and was surprised by the vibrant atmosphere. The residents of Blackstone Town held confident gaits, their movements

filled with purpose. Children were seen playing on the streets, laughing, while the adults moved around on their way.

“What’s this…” He frowned as he tapped the ground using his foot. It made several soft thud sounds.
Unlike the other towns and villages he’d went to before, all the roads in this town were paved, and there was even a large main road leading toward the heart of Blackstone Town. Even a portion of the road he passed through in the forest was cobbled.

He learned from his time in the military academy of the grave significance of roads. It usually signified the stability of one’s territory. Most Lords neglected such mundane things and would allocate more of their resources to military and farming, but the wiser ones tend to invest more on securing their accessibility to nearby territories. After all, there were limits to how much a territory could prosper on its own. And this was especially true with a town like this—a town located in the middle of the wilderness.

“Excuse me.” He smiled and approached the children playing on the street. “Do you know where the Lord of this town lives?”

One of the children pointed. “The Young Master lives over there, mister!”

“Why’s that grandpa looking for the Young Master?”

“Who cares?”

“Hey, give me the ball back!”

Yosef wryly smiled after hearing that one of them called him grandpa.

I don’t even have a kid yet. I’m not that old.

He sighed and walked toward the direction the child pointed at. Soon, he arrived at a mansion. Numerous carts were parked near the mansion’s entrance. Several workers unloaded large wooden crates from them every now and then.

This place was surprisingly bustling with life.

“So this is where the Lord lives, huh?”

He was about to approach one of the servants next to the gate when a
voice called out to him.

“Yosef.”

Yosef halted in his tracks and slowly turned around. He frowned when he saw a hooded figure walking toward his direction.

“Who are you?” he asked cautiously.

The hooded figure stopped right in front of him, before slowly pulling down his hood and revealing the scar-ridden face underneath.

“I-Instructor!” Yosef croaked. “W-What are you doing here?”

The person before him was his former martial arts instructor back in the military academy. One of the few knights who survived the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident fifteen years ago. Mikael Garios.

Mikael looked around them. The workers were still busily unloading the goods from the carts, while the mansion’s servants directed them inside.

“This is no place to talk,” said Mikael. “Follow me.”

With Mikael at the lead, the two of them went toward a deserted alley.

Mikael leaned on the wall and scrutinized Yosef from head to foot.

“Messenger duty?”

Yosef nodded. “Yes, Sir. I’m sure you’ve heard of the war in the west by now.”

“So it’s finally time for Lark Marcus to move out, huh?” mumbled Mikael. “Those monsters… Does he really plan on bringing those things with him to war?”

“Monsters?” Yosef could not understand the words his former instructor was mumbling about. “What do you mean, sir?”
Mikael smiled wryly. “You’ll find out soon.”

There was a pause. Mikael’s gaze turned fierce and serious. “Yosef, do your best to bring Lark Marcus to the capital. The Kingdom, as it is now, needs him.”

Mikael’s serious gaze sent shivers down Yosef’s spine. He could not understand why his former instructor was placing such grave importance on this mission. After all, according to their intel, Lark Marcus was nothing but

a malignant piece of trash disowned by his own family.

As for the rumors that Lark Marcus was the one who incited an all-out war between the Kingdom and Empire—Yosef did not believe it even for a second. There was even that absurd rumor about him defeating the Third Legion of the United Grakas Alliance. They were all fabrications, Yosef was sure.

After all, how could a single person achieve all those feats in just a single year?

Seeing the gaze of Yosef, who clearly did not place grave importance on this task of bringing Lark back with him to the capital, Mikael asked,

“Yosef, let’s say… If I joined the war in the west, would I make a much of a difference?”

Yosef pondered for a moment. He nodded. “Of course. I’m sure that Instructor Mikael could kill a hundred ordinary soldiers of the Empire by himself. And the instructor is well-versed in the art of war. It would surely be a great boost to our forces if you were to join the war with the Empire.”

Yosef was not trying to flatter Mikael. He simply held him in high regard.

“If an old man like me can make such difference, then Lark Marcus could surely tilt the tide of war,” said Mikael. “Yosef, I’ve been watching that young man for several months now. He’s a genius in warfare. And with just swordsmanship alone, he’s my rival.”
Had someone else said these things, Yosef would have accused them of being delusional. But these were the words of Instructor Mikael. The same well-respected instructor who ranked among the strongest in the military academy. A person like him would not just blabber nonsensically.

“Genius in warfare? A swordsmanship rival…” Yosef found it hard to digest these words.

“The Third Legion,” said Mikael. “You heard the rumors, didn’t you?”

Yosef’s eyes widened. “W-Wait! You mean… It’s true? Lark Marcus defeated a ten thousand-strong beastmen army using only a thousand

soldiers?”

Yosef’s heart started thumping loudly. He had planned to do his best on this job and bring back Lark Marcus with him to the capital, despite knowing that the noble was nothing but an incompetent brat. But after hearing all these things directly from his former instructor’s mouth, Yosef realized that this mission entrusted to him might actually influence the outcome of the war with the Empire.

He had not expected that this simple mission may actually dictate the rise or fall of the Kingdom.

“Everything is true,” Mikael said confidently. “I’ve seen everything with my own eyes.”

Yosef shuddered.

“Lark Marcus. That young man is a monster. Even the Elders of the Magic Tower couldn’t defeat him.”

“The Magic Tower? You mean…”

Mikael nodded. “Yes. It’s him.”

Yosef had heard that a few months ago, an unknown individual stormed the Wizzert Tower and defeated all of its magicians. No one knew the reason
why the assailant did it, but the mere fact that he single-handedly defeated all of the magicians of the Tower made him the most wanted man in Wizzert.

Even the capital was trying to find his whereabouts in hopes of reeling him into their ranks. According to their intel, the royal family was willing to pardon all grievances as long as the man agreed to work with them.

“So the reason why the capital suddenly stopped searching for him…” Realization dawned unto Yosef.

Mikael must have reported everything to the King. And after realizing the identity of the perpetrator, they ceased all attempts to find him.

“Yosef, do you understand now? How important your mission is this time?”

Yosef swallowed hard. “Y-Yes.”

Mikael smiled. “Good.”

“You won’t find the Young Master in the mansion. He’s currently at the Eastern District, training the soldiers.” Mikael tapped Yosef’s shoulder.

“I’m already late for work. See you at the capital.” “You’re working in this town?” Yosef asked, incredulously.

“Of course. I need to feed myself, right?” Mikael chuckled. “See you around.”

He went out of the alley, leaving Yosef behind.

After Mikael left, Yosef leaned on the wall, his forehead filled with beads of sweat. He was starting to feel the heavy of weight of responsibility that had just landed on his shoulders.

Although it was decreed by the crown, there were some nobles who adamantly refused to go to the front lines–the nobles who considered their
lives far more important than anything else in the world.

Yosef started praying to the Gods that Lark Marcus would come with him, without a hitch or strife.

“Yosef, you can do this!” He slapped his cheeks several times. Filled with determination, he left the alley, asked for directions to the Eastern District, and went there.

The Eastern District was a lot different than the rest of the town. It felt like it was where all the developments first came from. The houses were newly made, each of them identical. It gave a newcomer like Yosef a sense of congruity, the same feeling when he finally put the final piece in a puzzle.

Like the mansion, this place was bustling with life. The Central Plaza was filled with several stalls, and people were gathered here and there.

After some time, he finally found the Young Master.

“Two hundred more laps! Go! Go!”

Inside a large clearing, a young man with silver hair was running in front of a group of soldiers. With him at the lead, they ran around in circles, their hands holding their spears.

Yosef watched their group for a while longer, waiting for the training

to end. When they finally finished the laps, they suddenly started thrusting their spears into the air, repeating the same movement over and over again.

Judging by the expressions of the soldiers, this was part of their daily routine, as none of them even spouted a word of complaint.

They’re still not done yet?

Yosef waited for a couple of hours, and finally the Young Master entrusted the training to one of his men and headed out.

“Lark Marcus?” With confident strides, Yosef approached him.
Lark wiped the sweat on his forehead with a towel. He stared at Yosef and waited for him to speak.

Yosef cleared his throat. “Yosef Agarov. One of the messengers of the royal family.”

“A messenger.” Lark opened a skin flash and took several gulps of water. “Ah, that hits the spot. So, you’re here to take me to the front lines?”

Yosef was glad that Lark was quick on the uptake. “Yes, Sir. That’s right.”

Lark looked at the soldiers training behind him, then at Yosef. “I’ve already briefed those guys. They’re coming with me to the front lines. All the rations have been prepared. We can move out tomorrow morning at the earliest.”

Yosef was stunned by how easy this mission was. To think that Lark Marcus was already intent on going to the front lines! Yosef inwardly did a fist pump.

“That’s great!” Yosef squeaked in glee. His eyes were glimmering with delight.

After hearing about Lark’s feats directly from Mikael’s mouth, Yosef was even prepared to kneel down and beg the noble to come back with him to the capital. But now, he realized that all of his worries were for naught.

Seeing Yosef’s face, Lark chuckled. He turned around and shouted at the soldiers, “Hey, guys! The messenger is here! We’re moving to the front lines tomorrow morning!”

The soldiers stopped stabbing the air and looked at each other, before bursting into cheers.

“Finally!”

“I’ve been itching to show those bastards the might of the Blackstone Soldiers!”
“We can’t let the Young Master go there alone, can we?” “Hahaha! Of course!”

Yosef was surprised of their overly optimistic response to this announcement.

Lark grinned. He could sympathize with the startled expression on Yosef’s face. Even he was surprised when the soldiers approached him one day and insisted that they should all accompany him to the battlefield. At first, he’d planned on going to the front lines with only his disciples and the living suits of armor, but after pondering about it overnight, he came to the conclusion that it would be better to take these guys with him.

The living suits of armor could not speak and think for themselves.

The battle at the Western Front would not always be a contest of strength. It would greatly benefit him to have coherent soldiers around.

“Everyone! Rest for now.” Lark’s voice reverberated. “Be sure to spend the rest of the day with your family. Tomorrow, we’ll march toward the front lines!”

“Yes, Young Master!”

“Yes, Sir!”

***

Yosef spent the night inside the mansion. When morning came, he was invited to a sumptuous breakfast with the Young Master.

“Mister messenger, over here.” Lark waved at him and gestured for him to sit on a nearby chair.

Just like before, the Young Master looked carefree, as though he was not even the slightest bit worried about coming to the front lines at all. He was even half-humming as he devoured the food on his plate.
“How can you be so carefree? Aren’t you afraid?” Yosef finally asked. “You could die in that battle. They were not kidding around when they said that they’ll be sending you to the front lines.”

Although he was supposed to be doing his best to persuade Lark to come to the front lines, Yosef could not help but ask.

Lark swallowed the meat in his mouth. He sipped the wine from his goblet and gave a simple reply. “Afraid? I am.”

“Then why—”

“—But we never know when we’ll get the chance to eat such luxurious feasts again, right? Why not enjoy it now?” Lark grinned at him.

“Mister messenger, only fools would say they are completely sure of winning a battle. In war, no matter how strong you are, there’s always the risk of losing one’s life. Fools who believe that their strength could topple every obstacle are usually the first ones to kick the bucket. I’ve seen a lot of them before. Those foolish, arrogant bastards.”

Lark Marcus sounded like an old man who had been to numerous battlefields, which felt incongruent as Yosef looked at the noble’s youthful appearance.

Yosef smiled. He had not expected to receive such a reply.

“You’re right. Who knows when we will eat such extravagant breakfast again?”

After mumbling those words, he started eating to his heart’s content.

Lark called out the servants and ordered them to bring more food to the table.

The messenger had quite the appetite, it seemed.

After filling their bellies full, the two of them packed their things and left the mansion. They went toward the outskirts of town. The butler and a few
hundred residents were waiting for them there.

“Young Master! Good luck in battle!”

“Please come back safe!”

“Destroy those dogs of the Empire for us!”

Surprisingly, despite the noble’s notorious reputation, he seemed to be

loved by his people. The butler—an old man wearing a suit—bawled his eyes out as he saw the Young Master off. Even some of the servants held back tears.

“So the meeting point is the capital, right?” said Lark.

“That’s right,” said Yosef. “All of the reinforcements are to gather at the capital. From there, the soldiers will be distributed into several larger armies, before heading out to the front lines.”

Lark nodded his approval at this tactic. The nobles were divided into different factions. It would be more efficient to gather all the reinforcements first then divide them into different armies.

“I didn’t get to ask you this last time…” said Yosef. “How many soldiers are you bringing with you to the capital?”

Lark gave a nonchalant reply. “Around two hundred, I guess.”

Yosef creased his brows. He could only see around a hundred soldiers.

Lark noticed Yosef’s quizzical gaze. “The remaining soldiers, they’re waiting over there.” Lark pointed at the nearby forest. “You’ll see them soon.”

After giving enough time for the soldiers to say their goodbyes to their families, Lark mounted his horse. He shouted, “Blackstone Soldiers!

Move out!”
“Hooah!”

“Hooah!”

Yosef also mounted his horse and followed Lark from behind. Soon, they came near the forest.

And he was struck speechless by what he saw.

Around a hundred soldiers—no, knights—were waiting near the forest’s entrance. Each of them was wearing full plate armor, with swords hanging by their waists.

Yosef’s hair stood on edge upon seeing them. For some reason, his intuition was screaming at him that these guys were dangerous. They were no

ordinary soldiers wearing full plate armor. Each of them capable of slaughter, Yosef was sure.

The other soldiers wearing leather armor were probably aware of the existence of this army, as they did not look surprised to see them.

The soldiers in full plate armor wordlessly moved behind them and started their march.

Yosef’s heart started thumping fast. Each of these guys felt dangerous, and there were over a hundred of them? For a moment, he thought of an incredulous scenario where a hundred Mikael Garios teamed up and charged at the Emperial Army. If a hundred people with the same prowess as his teacher fought together, even if their enemy was the Empire, there would be slaughter. Yosef clenched his fists and looked at the army marching behind him.

This mission may have been worth it, after all.

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 2

The Blackstone Army marched relentlessly for several weeks, passing through several cities along the way. Every now and then, they would
restock their rations, camp in the wilderness, then resume their march. Since Blackstone Town was the most remote territory in the east, it was also the last one to receive the summons. They surmised that by now, most of the reinforcements must have already gathered in the capital.

And they eventually arrived at the gathering point.

Behemoth City. The capital of the Kingdom.

“So this the capital…” Captain Qarat gawked at the walled city in front of them. The rest of the soldiers were doing the same.

“Captain, it’s huge!”

“Even the cities we passed through before pale in comparison!”

“Sir Austen, you guys have been here with the Young Master before?”

Austen lifted his chest with pride. “That’s right! You should have seen the King’s castle. George and I were even allowed to stand outside the gates!”

“Ooh!”

Gasps filled with awe escaped the lips of the soldiers. George and Austen grinned at each other. They were also awestruck when they first saw the capital, but after spending a few days in it, they came to understand that it was nothing special. It was simply huge, that’s all. The City of Magic was a lot more beautiful in comparison. But of course, they had no intention of telling the soldiers that.

“The gathering point is over there,” Yosef said to Lark.

They moved in the direction Yosef pointed and soon reached a large camp filled with thousands of soldiers.

“This is the gathering point for all the reinforcements from throughout the Kingdom. Just the eastern reinforcement alone amounts to more than ten thousand soldiers. I heard that the South managed to gather a lot more than
that.”

When Lark and his men arrived, several soldiers stopped what they were doing and stared at the army coming their way. The Blackstone Soldiers wearing leather armor felt ordinary, but the armored soldiers marching behind them felt dangerous.

Which army did these guys come from?

With Yosef acting as their guide, the Blackstone Soldiers started pitching their tents. It seemed that three days from now, the King would personally choose the commanders to preside over this large army. All that was left now was to wait for the rest of the reinforcements to arrive.

“Act like normal soldiers for now,” Lark said to the suits of armor. “You guys can do that, right?”

The suits of armor bobbed their heads in understanding. They grunted and started moving around and fixing the Blackstone Army’s camp, moving slowly and carefully so they didn’t attract unwanted attention.

When night came, they made campfires. Several soldiers gathered around the campfire and discussed the things they had seen in this place.

Although they would soon clash with the Empire, everyone’s confidence soared upon seeing the thousands of reinforcements gathered. They estimated, the number of soldiers probably reached thirty thousand.

“Hey, what do you think of the announcement a while ago? They said that they’ll be choosing three commanders for this huge ass army.”

The soldiers toasted their jerkies around the campfire.

“They’ll surely pick the Young Master, right? There’s no way someone as capable as the Young Lord wouldn’t be picked by His Majesty.”

Lark didn’t know that his soldiers were already this close to worshipping him. To them, Lark was the embodiment of wisdom itself.
Every action and order he gave was carefully strategized. They’d experienced this firsthand when they fought against the beastmen.

“That’s right! I’m sure that if it’s the Young Master leading us, we’ll be able to crush those dogs of the Empire!”

The rest of the soldiers agreed.

“Pft!”

They heard stifled laughter next to them. The soldiers looked at the source. Two soldiers from a different camp were passing by and heard their conversation. One of the soldiers was holding back his laughter, while the other one elbowed him to stop.

Tears started forming at the corner of the soldier’s eyes. Eventually, he could not hold his laughter any longer. “Hahahaha! If it’s the Young Master leading us! Hahaha! We’ll be able to… Pft! Hahaha!”

The Blackstone Soldiers frowned. One of them said, “What’s so funny?”

The unknown soldier wiped his tears using the back of his hand. He was gasping for air after laughing his heart out. “Everything.” He smirked then pointed at the crest on his shoulder. “You see this? It’s the insignia of Count Boris. Right now, all of his three sons are participating in this war.

Those three geniuses will surely become the three commanders of this large army.”

The soldier next to him nudged him once again. “What are you doing? Don’t start a fight,” he whispered.

“Start a fight? I’m just explaining to these buffoons the reality of the situation. It’s really funny that these guys think their Lord has a chance of being picked by His Majesty. That would never happen while the three sons of the Count are around.”
“What’s so special about those three anyway?” one of the Blackstone Soldiers retorted. “Our Lord, Lark Marcus, even drove back a legion of beastmen on his own!”

The unknown soldier froze momentarily. After a few seconds, he broke out into another fit of laughter. “L-Lark Marcus he says! Hahaha! So your master is that trash noble? And you believe those rumors about him driving back the Third Legion? Even the little kids in our County don’t believe that!”

Now, even the soldier next to him began to chuckle. At first, he was afraid to spark a war with this group since they did not know which faction this army belonged to. But after knowing that these guys were part of that

trash’s army—Lark Marcus—he also started to join in the fun.

“I heard your Lord’s the one who sparked this all-out war with the Empire. He’s such a capable man, isn’t he? Trash will always be trash, it seems,” he said.

“He should have just shut his mouth back then! Look at us now, we’re all heading off to war because of the stupidity of your master!”

The Blackstone Soldiers were finally fed up. They stood up and charged at them. Quickly, it turned into a brawl.

“H-Hey, fuck! Stop!” The two soldiers tried to defend themselves, but to their horror, the Blackstone Soldiers were surprisingly good in a fight—

they also outnumbered them.

To the Blackstone Soldiers, who fought against the humanoid basilisks on a daily basis, these two were nothing but fodder. Their movements felt really slow, as though they were not moving at all.

After a minute passed, the two soldiers fell limp on the ground. Their cheeks and eyes were swollen, their lips busted. They groaned in pain as tears flowed down their faces.
After hearing the commotion outside, Lark went out of his tent. He creased his brows upon seeing the two soldiers on the ground.

“What happened? Who did this?”

Judging by the crest on their shoulders, these two soldiers did not belong to his army. He looked at his men unhappily. The moment he made eye contact with them, they immediately averted their gazes.

“I’m asking who did this!” He suppressed a snarl.

The Blackstone Soldiers flinched. One after another, they raised their hands.

Seven people in total.

Infighting was strictly prohibited back in the Magic Empire. Not only did it decrease their fighting force and morale, it also hindered them from working as a team once war broke out.

“Why did you do it?” Lark decided to hear them out first. “Why did you beat them up?”

He was aware of the strength of his soldiers. Despite their shabby appearance, they were probably stronger than most of the soldiers gathered here. After all, they had been sparring with the humanoid basilisks every day for the past few months.

One of the seven soldiers stepped up and explained what had transpired to Lark. After hearing the story, Lark sighed. His anger dissipated after hearing that they jumped at these two to defend the honor of their Lord, but still he could not let them go unpunished.

“The seven of you,” said Lark. “Come with me. We’ll personally make an apology to the commander of their army.”

Lark looked at the beaten-up soldiers lying on the ground. “Ah, don’t forget to bring those two with us.”

The Blackstone Soldiers, although reluctant, started carrying the injured soldiers on their backs. They moved through the large camp and after
asking around, they reached the tent of the commander of the soldiers they beat up.

Naturally, the soldiers belonging to their camp heard the news that two of their guys had been beaten up. They surrounded Lark and his men as they stood outside the commander’s tent. Although they were infuriated that their guys were beaten up, they did not immediately pounce at Lark.

The commander must have been sleeping, as it took some time before he finally came out. Arzen, the commander of this army, rubbed his eyes and opened the flap of his tent. Seeing the numerous soldiers surrounding his tent, and Lark and his men, he was immediately jolted awake.

Lark approached him and said, “Lark Marcus. Commander of the Blackstone Army. I’m here to personally apologize on behalf of my men.”

Arzen soon heard what happened. Lark explained everything, without leaving out any details.

“I see,” Arzen nodded in understanding. He glared at the two battered soldiers unhappily. “The two of you. Is everything this Young Lord said correct?”

The two beaten-up soldiers looked at each other, before slowly nodding their heads. Arzen sighed. He clicked his tongue.

To Lark’s surprise, Arzen bowed his head. “It seems that my men are at fault. I apologize. I promise that proper punishment will be carried out for these two.”

The two beaten-up men shivered.

“B-But Lord Arzen!”

“M-My Lord!”

“Silence!” Arzen glared at them. “Tie them up! They will not be given any food or drink for a day and a half. Anyone who secretly tries to feed them
will be kicked out of my army! Understood?”

“Y-Yes, Lord!”

Several soldiers grabbed the two soldiers and dragged them away.

They tried to plead with their Lord but their voices soon died out.

Arzen sighed again. He touched his throbbing forehead. “Ah, what a waste of a good sleep. To think that those two idiots started a fight over something so stupid.”

He looked at Lark. He flashed a smile. “Ah, I haven’t introduced myself, have I? Arzen, first son of Count Boris. Future commander of this army.”

The last few words were stated with certainty. A smile slowly formed on Lark’s lips. He found this man interesting.

“Lark Marcus, Lord of Blackstone Town.”

“Oh, not going to introduce yourself as a future commander of this army?”

Lark chuckled. “I have no interest in that. And I heard there’re three slots?”

Arzen grinned. “Three slots. Aris. Mokuva. Me. All three slots will be given to the House Boris. Three days from now, we’ll be the ones leading these soldiers to crush the Imperial Army.”

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 3

King Alvis was watering the plants in the royal garden. This was one of his ways to retain his sanity amidst the incessant politics. One of his simple joys in life.

“Your Majesty,” said the Grand Chamberlain. “All of the reinforcements have gathered.”

“Finally.” King Alvis placed the watering can on the table. “Gather the leaders of each army here. It is time for us to choose the commanders.”
“Here, in the garden?” the Grand Chamberlain asked, to be sure.

King Alvis smiled. “I believe the royal garden is a lot more beautiful than the throne room. Don’t you think so, Viscount Lakian?”

The Grand Chamberlain could only concede and nod his head. He looked around and saw the thousands of flowers. This place was large, so there should be enough space for the crowd.

“As you wish, Your Majesty.” He bowed his head and left.

Left all alone, with only two of his personal guards nearby, King Alvis fell into deep thought. He had read all the documents regarding the nobles who answered the summons. Among all of them, five stood out the most. Surprisingly, three of them came from the House Boris.

Arzen, first son of Count Boris. He graduated at the military academy with top grades. During the exit exam of the military academy, he even managed to perfectly clear the hidden path and escape unscathed. After graduation, he immediately assumed the position of commander of the Boris Army, successfully wiping out all of the bandits in their territory.

Mokuva, second son of Count Boris. The author of the book: Fifty-Seven Assault Tactics. The things written in that book were surprisingly effective in real battle—the Kingdom even incorporated it into their war strategies. Although Mokuva never joined the military due to his frail body, he was without doubt a genius who could see the battlefield as a whole.

Aris, third son of Count Boris. He was no genius in military tactics nor was he a graduate of the military academy. But he was a High Priest

candidate. This meant that if King Alvis were to choose him as one of the three commanders, they would be able to enlist the help of the temple in this war. The temple always assumed neutrality, but if a High Priest candidate were to become a commander, it would become a different story. Getting several priests capable of healing magic from the temple would no longer be a dream.
And the other two who did not belong to the House Boris: Baron Zacharia.

A former instructor of the Leonard Fighting School.

The school that teaches the martial arts of the savages. He lost an arm during the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident fifteen years ago and retired, but he was nonetheless a war veteran.

And lastly,

Lark Marcus. The disowned son of Duke Drakus. The same noble who invented the method of destroying the Black Famine. The noble who defeated the Third Legion several months ago. The person who gave them the blueprint for the mana bombs.

“I should choose wisely,” the King sighed. “The fate of this Kingdom rests in their hands.”

Thankfully, the curse which ran down the blood of the royal family was not acting up this time. The King would be able to meet the leaders of the army without worrying about suddenly losing consciousness in the middle of his speech.

He remembered his meeting with the dwarves several days ago. The dwarves he met using the artifact promised to relay his message to the Dwarven Kingdom. That Kingdom had closed its borders to outsiders for more than a century now. The magic of the dragon guarding their borders made the barrier impregnable. Only members of the Dwarven race could enter, thus the King had no choice but to approach a member of their race to relay even a simple message.

The message was simple. The King promised to send all the finest wines stored in the cellar of the castle—wines more than one hundred years old— in exchange of weapons. He even promised to pay tens of thousands in gold coins if the Dwarven Kingdom could assist them in this war.

The Dwarven Kingdom was one of the richest countries in the land.

Hopefully, their meager offer would be enough to entice those drunkards.
Even outdated weaponries would be fine, since it had been proven that all of the dwarves’ weapons were highly effective in war.

“Your Majesty,” said one of the guards, his voice almost a whisper. “They’ve arrived.”

King Alvis bobbed his head. He must have been lost in thought for quite some time. Fortunately, he had come to a conclusion. All that was left was to meet them in person.

Viscount Lakian entered the royal garden, along with several dozen others. King Alvis recognized the majority of them. They were the nobles summoned by the crown.

“We all greet His Majesty!”

“We all greet His Majesty!”

Everyone clasped their hands and bowed their heads upon seeing the King.

“First of all, I must thank everyone for coming here.” King Alvis gently smiled, forming numerous wrinkles on his face. “I’m sure everyone is aware of the precarious situation our Kingdom is in.”

Most of the nobles held grim faces upon hearing this. They all knew that it would only be a matter of time before their territories were targeted by the Empire.

“This is not out yet in the public, but four days ago…” the smile slowly left the King’s face, “the city of Yan fell into the Empire’s hands.”

The nobles were flustered upon hearing this. The City of Yan was near the capital.

Arzen momentarily looked at Lark. The City of Yan belonged to the House Marcus. It was one of the large cities governed by the Marcuses. But Lark was unaware of this as he continued to calmly listen to the King.
“I’m aware that all of you came from different factions, cities, territories. But I ask you to set aside those differences for now and work together to overcome this hurdle before us.” The King looked everyone in the

eye. “The first goal of this Coalition Army is this—free the City of Yan from the hands of the Empire.”

It was a logical proposal, considering the fact that it was the nearest city currently occupied by the Empire.

“And to do that, we’ll need commanders. Commanders capable of leading these soldiers.”

The atmosphere began to heat up. Everyone had heard that three commanders were going to be picked today by His Majesty. Everyone hoped that they would be among the three.

The Coalition Army consisted of around forty thousand soldiers. Even after dividing them into three armies, a commander would still have authority over a legion. To lead such a massive force was the opportunity of a lifetime.

“I will now announce the three commanders for this army.”

Everyone held their breath. The tense atmosphere was a stark contrast to the beautiful scenery filled with thousands of flowers.

“First, Baron Zacharia.”

Everyone’s gaze landed on the middle-aged man with a missing arm.

He was a famous figure in the Kingdom. A retired veteran who survived the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident fifteen years ago.

Although the nobles were disheartened that they were not immediately picked, they could understand the reason why Zacharia was chosen by the King. Not only was he strong, he also held decades’ worth of wisdom born from numerous battlefields.
“Baron Zacharia, step forward!” said the Grand Chamberlain.

The Baron stepped forward and knelt before His Majesty.

“You shall be granted the authority over fourteen thousand soldiers,”

said the King. “You are hereby granted the title of Commander of the First Army!”

The King pinned a medal on Baron Zacharia’s shoulder.

“I am greatly honored, Your Majesty.”

The Baron moved to the side and stood next to the Grand Chamberlain.

“And the second commander for this army,” said the King. Time seemed to slow down as the King slowly opened his lips. “Arzen Boris.”

Arzen’s eyes glimmered for a moment. A wide grin formed on his face.

“Arzen Boris, step forward!” said the Grand Chamberlain.

Arzen stepped forward and knelt down before the King.

“Arzen Boris, you are hereby granted authority over fourteen thousand soldiers,” said the King. “You shall be the Commander of the Second Army!”

The King also pinned a medal on Arzen’s shoulder.

“I will crush those imperial dogs for you, Your Majesty.”

King Alvis nodded. “I expect a lot from the younger generation, from you, Arzen.”
Arzen bowed his head. “I will not fail your expectations, My King.”

Arzen moved to the side and stood next to the Baron. He momentarily locked eyes with Zacharia. He whispered, “Who do you think is the third?”

Zacharia gave a disinterested reply, “Who knows.”

Arzen chuckled. The middle-aged man was a typical war veteran.

“And the last!” said the King.

By now, everyone was on the edge of their seats. Only one slot was remaining.

“Come forward,” the King raised his voice, “Lark Marcus!”

A young man with silver hair stepped out of the crowd. He slowly walked toward the King, his gait filled with confidence. He knelt down before His Majesty.

“You are granted authority over seventeen thousand soldiers! You will be given the title: Commander of the Third Army!”

Lark felt the irony of this title. Not even a year had passed since he defeated the Third Legion. But now, he was granted the title of Commander of the Third Army. An army more than large enough to be called a legion.

But this was just perfect. Not only was he given one of the three slots, he was given authority to a larger army than the other commanders. There was a lot he could do with seventeen thousand soldiers under his command.

“I humbly accept this task, Your Majesty.”

He felt a piercing gaze from his right. Upon looking, he saw Arzen staring at him. The man was smiling, but his eyes were glimmering with dangerous light. He was probably displeased that Lark was chosen instead of one of his brothers.

Lark moved to the side and stood next to the other two commanders.
Arzen said to him, “Never expected this twist in the story. Congrats.”

Lark did not reply to the sarcastic remark. He merely stood there, attentively listening to the King as he announced which armies will be incorporated into the First, Second, and Third Army.

Some of the nobles groaned when they heard that their soldiers would be under the Third Army, under the command of Lark. It was understandable, since Lark’s previous shell had a notorious reputation. Even his previous feats of destroying the Black Famine and driving away the Third Legion did not easily erase that.

The King started discussing the plan of taking back the City of Yan.

Lark frowned. It should be possible to take back the city, but it would waste this army’s potential. In the end, he decided to speak his mind.

He raised his hand. “Your Majesty, may I give a suggestion?”

The King paused. He looked at Lark for a moment. He remembered that the last time Lark spoke his mind, he gave them the blueprint for the mana bombs, even drafting the plan to attack the nearest city of the Empire.

Although it incited an all-out war with the Empire, no one could refute that it was nonetheless an ingenious plan.

Anticipation started to well up within him. The King said, “Go on. What is it?”

Lark could feel numerous gazes on him but he did not care. He spoke what was on his mind. “I believe that retaking the City of Yan with all three armies combined is a mistake. Even if we take back the city, it would not benefit the Kingdom in the slightest.”

“But young man,” said the King. “The City of Yan is only several days away from the capital. If we do not recapture it right away, the capital is at risk of invasion from the Empire.”
The other nobles nodded at the King’s statement.

Lark raised three fingers. “Right now, three massive armies are here at the capital. I suggest that only the First Army march toward the City of Yan and retake it from the Empire’s hands.”

He glanced at Arzen, then at the King. “Meanwhile, the Second and Third Army will recapture Yorkshaire City.”

It felt like a declaration of suicide. Although it had been captured by the Empire, Yorkshaire City was still known as an impregnable fortress. And now that tens of thousands of soldiers from the Empire were guarding it, they would need way more soldiers to take back the city. Even the Silver War God and the Sword Saint had failed. But now, this newly elected commander was suggesting that they attack that fortress.

Arzen furrowed his brows. He was a commander too. He disliked the feeling that Lark was telling him which city he should attack.

“I refuse,” said Arzen. “Attacking Yorkshaire, as we are now, is suicide. We should first regroup with the scattered Marcus Army and Yorkshaire Army, then from there, formulate a plan to take back the city.”

Buzzes filled the royal garden. The nobles started discussing among themselves which decision was correct.

“Silence!” snarled the Grand Chamberlain. “You are before His Majesty!”

And silence befell everyone. But deep within their minds, they started calculating the pros and cons of these suggestions. Most of the nobles sided with Arzen, since the most logical thing to do was amass more soldiers before launching an attack to that fortress.

The King looked conflicted as he considered both sides. Eventually he sighed. “Lark Marcus, I’m afraid that if the Commander of the Second Army refuses to take part in your request, there’s nothing more I can do.”

Arzen grinned. He looked at Lark triumphantly.
“Your Majesty,” said Lark, “recapturing the cities occupied by the Empire’s soldiers will do nothing but chip away at our strength. As long as Yorkshaire remains within the Empire’s grasp, imperial soldiers will just keep coming through that path. In the end, when our soldiers are exhausted from all the fighting, the Empire will launch an all-out offensive at the capital.”

The soldiers of the Empire were several times that of the Kingdom.

As long as they occupied Yorkshaire, they could just send more soldiers to replace the fallen ones. This was probably the reason why the War God and the Sword Saint immediately rallied the defeated Marcus Army and Yorkshaire Army to reclaim the city. Unfortunately, they lost in their attempt to retake the city.

The buzz filled the garden once again. The nobles began discussing the proposals of Lark and Arzen.

As the nobles were having heated arguments, Baron Zacharia—who’d remained silent until now—spoke.

“If the Second Army isn’t willing to do it, my army will.”

Lark was taken by surprise. He had not expected the war veteran to take his side.

“I believe that attacking Yorkshaire is the correct choice at this moment, Your Majesty,” Baron Zacharia said humbly . “I do not want this war to be a repeat of the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident. Even if it means death, I will join the attack on Yorkshaire.”

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 4

Lark’s suggestion brought forth heated discussions within the upper echelons of the capital. The King gathered his officials as they discussed the next step.

In the end, the march toward the City of Yan was delayed by an entire day.
The officials were torn between two choices: take back the nearby City of Yan from the Empire, or recapture the City of Yorkshaire.

“But, Your Majesty,” one of the six officials gathered in the throne room raised his voice, “as we are now, we can’t risk attacking the Yorkshaire Fortress! I heard the bastards from the Empire fortified the walls and laid more traps! If we allow this farce, we’ll be simply sending the soldiers to their deaths!”

Three other officials nodded at these words. The remaining two, on the other hand, kept their silence.

“Lord Hais is right, Your Majesty! The best thing we could do right now is to take back the nearby City of Yan, then regroup with the scattered Marcus and Yorkshaire Army, before heading to the front lines! As we are now, it’ll be impossible for us to win against the Empire!”

“Just General Rizel alone is enough to topple several cities, but there’s General Alvaren too! Two monsters of the old era are currently rampaging in the Western Front right now. I doubt even the Sword Saint could win against them one-on-one!”

“Fool!” One of the officials who was silent until now finally spoke.

“No one can possibly win against the Sword Saint in a one-on-one fight!

Have you lost your mind, Count?”

“Hah! I’ve lost my mind? The Sword Saint ran away from the fight!

And you still think he’s the same peerless swordsman he was once before?

He’s too old. No matter how skilled he is with the sword, he’s now nothing but an old man knocking on death’s door!”

“Enough!” roared the King. He coughed thrice after exerting himself from the shout.
Silence descended the throne room. One of the King’s personal guards handed him a goblet. After taking a sip, the King sighed and leaned

back on his throne.

“I believe that the majority of you are against this,” said the King. His usually kind smile was gone. “But I, your King, will have the final say.”

King Alvis looked at each and every one of them. Although they were in clear opposition right now, King Alvis had no doubts of their loyalty toward the Kingdom.

“Alain,” the King said to the only official who hadn’t voiced his opinion, “you’ve been silent until now. Tell me, what do you think about Lark Marcus’ proposal?”

Everyone looked at the official’s direction. Seeing everyone’s gazes, he spoke. “I also believe that it’s foolish to attack Yorkshaire City right away,” he said. “It’ll be impossible to retake that city unless, by some miracle, we are able to enlist the help of a powerful reinforcement—at least as powerful as the magic tower. But those magicians… They will never move unless their city is directly attacked. The Empire probably knows this too.

That’s why they openly stated that they have no intention of antagonizing the tower.”

Wizzert City was probably the safest city in the Kingdom right now.

There were rumors that once the Empire annexed the entire Kingdom, only the City of Magic would be left untouched. It seemed that the Empire did not want to risk waging war with a city full of magicians. There was also the speculation that the Emperor wanted the tower to be included among their ranks.

“How about the Royal Court Magicians?” one of the officials asked. “They’ve already been dispatched to rescue Duke Kelvin’s son.”
The officials’ faces turned sour. Due to Lancaster’s capture, the entire Kelvin Duchy came up with the perfect excuse not to actively take part in this war. The King immediately gathered his officials and they eventually came up with the plan of rescuing Lancaster from General Rizel’s grasp. According to their intel, the successor to the House Kelvin was currently locked up in Rock Castle, just a week away from the Kelvin Duchy.

They decided to send a team of elites—half of the Royal Court Magicians —to rescue the hostage. Hopefully, by rescuing Lancaster, they’d

be able to enlist the help of the Kelvin Duchy. “The Royal Court Magicians are no good, huh?”

The remaining half of the Royal Court Magicians were currently tasked with protecting the capital.

“Damn it. If only those bastards from the magic tower would participate in this war! Can’t they see that at this rate, the Kingdom will fall to the Empire’s hands?”

The King fell into contemplation, ignoring the bickering of the officials beneath his throne.

The Empire.

The magic tower.

The Royal Court Magicians.

Why hadn’t he thought of it until now?

If he looked at it from a wider perspective, the answer had been there all along.

If the participation of the tower of magic alone could greatly influence the tide of war, then how much impact would it bring if the person who defeated the magicians of the tower participated?
The King’s heart started pounding at this thought.

He was a fool for taking this long to realize whether Lark Marcus’

proposal was right or wrong.

Finally, he spoke. “I’ve decided.”

Everyone shut their lips and looked at the King. At the end of the day, the final decision rested on him.

“We will go along with Lark Marcus’ plan. The First and Third Army shall march to Yorkshaire.”

The officials looked as though they’d just been sentenced to death.

They groaned.

“But your Majesty—”

“—The attack on the magic tower a few months ago…” said the King,

“the unknown person who single-handedly defeated all the magicians of the magic tower.”

“Does your Majesty finally have a lead on that powerful magician?”

Lord Hais almost squeaked. He was among those who adamantly searched for the identity of the perpetrator in hopes of luring him in within the ranks of the Royal Court Magicians.

The King nodded. “Yes. I’ve appointed him as the Commander of the Third Army just recently.”

The eyes of the officials widened to the point of almost popping out.

Some of them tried to say a few words but eventually decided to shut their mouths.
“L-Lark Marcus? There… must be a mistake.”

The King sighed. “I was stunned when I heard the report from Mikael too. Who would have known that the second son of Duke Drakus is capable of Grand Scale Magic?”

Grand Scale Magic.

The officials remembered the reports regarding the attack on the magic tower. A lone magician attacked the magic tower and defeated all of its magicians.

They finally realized why the King had chosen Lark Marcus as the Commander of the Third Army, and why the young man considered the option of directly attacking Yorkshaire City.

“The decision is final. Give the order for the First and Third Army to start their march.”

***

After receiving the go signal, Lark gathered all the soldiers of the Third Army. Standing on top of a large mound he created using earth magic, he scanned the sea of soldiers before him. He could see the uneasiness and fear in some of them, while there were those who did not bother to hide their contempt at him, their new commander.

Lark amplified his voice with magic and said, “I am the Commander of the Third Army, Lark Marcus. I’m sure most of you’ve heard about me, so

I’ll skip the introductions. I gathered all of you here today to know one thing: Your skills, your worth. I want to know what you can do, what you can offer to this army.”

He paused and looked at the soldiers gathered before him. “What we’ll be going up against are soldiers of the Empire—veterans of war. An army without any coordination will never win against them.
“Therefore, before we start our march, I want this army to be divided into six groups. Light infantry, heavy infantry, cavalry, archers, scouts, and the supplies team.

“It should be fairly obvious, but those of you who are confident of your defenses should join the heavy infantry. It doesn’t matter if you’re wearing leather armors, as long as your magic permits you to take several blows from the army, you’re qualified for the positi—”

“—Hey! Why should we listen to a brat like you?” someone among the crowd interjected.

Lark smiled. Someone finally voiced their discontent.

He had expected things to go this way the moment he was elected as one of the three commanders. After all, no one in this army would like to follow a weak-looking young man like him. And there was also his notorious reputation to boot.

“Good question,” Lark’s eyes glimmered dangerously. “First, because I am your commander, appointed by the King himself. And second, because I’m a lot stronger than you, old man. Insubordination is a crime. This is the last warning. I will not tolerate any more disrespect from here on out.”

Lark knew that he should set the rules straight. Otherwise, he would be unable to control this massive army once they clashed with the Empire.

These guys knew him as nothing but the incompetent, disowned son of a Duke. He could see from their eyes that none of them respected nor feared him. Lark planned on rectifying this before their march.

“Stronger than me? Hah!” The soldier fearlessly retorted. “What does a noble like you know about the battlefield anyway?”

Snickers were heard here and there.

Lark knew that if he did not cull this here, it would bite him in the back later on. Although cruel, he decided to make an example out of this fool.
He pointed a finger at the man and vines sprouted from the ground, ensnaring the man’s entire body. The vines shot up several dozens of meters into the air, carrying the man with it.

“W-Wha… Hey! What’s happening?”

From the body of Lark, a malevolent aura started oozing out. The amount of mana was so colossal that even the non-magicians could see its torrent.

It was a wasteful display of strength, something Lark would never do on a real battlefield. But right now, he needed to show these soldiers what he was capable of. Otherwise, he would have a hard time controlling them later on. After all, these soldiers tend to follow only the strong.

“Old man, I warned you before.”

Lark pointed a finger at the heavens and the torrent of energy oozing out of his body started forming a colossal ball of fire. The energy contained within started dispersing the clouds. The heat almost scorched the skins of the soldiers below.

“Why didn’t you listen?”

The soldiers trembled as the gargantuan ball of fire slowly started to descend from the heavens. If that thing hits them, hundreds, if not thousands would perish on the spot, their bodies gone without a trace.

Without a doubt, this was Grand Scale Magic.

Had the soldiers not witnessed this with their own eyes, they wouldn’t have believed that such a thing was possible. That a single person was capable of casting such catastrophic spell on his own.

Lark knew that casting this magic was akin to using a sledgehammer to swat a fly, but this display of strength would prove crucial to the stability of their command structure later on. If these guys followed only the strong, then he would show them peerless strength, capable of tilting the battlefield.
It was the only way to quickly control this massive army despite the infamy of the previous owner of his body.

“Fool.”

With that last word as its cue, the ball of fire engulfed the man’s entire body. His screams died as soon as it started. In just a few seconds, his entire body was burned to dust. Ashes fell down like rain to the ground.

And as though everything was a lie, the ball of fire dissipated and vanished entirely from sight.

Everyone who saw how the man met his end shivered. They looked at Lark and trembled even further upon seeing those ruthless eyes. Those were the eyes of someone who had taken several lives before. The buzz and murmurs immediately died. No one dared to make a sound.

“I’ll say it one last time,” Lark’s eyes were predatory, “insubordination is punishable by death.”

Although his speech was shorter, his words carried far greater weight than before. After all, everyone saw with their own eyes how Lark killed the man without batting an eye.

It was ruthless, but somewhere deep within them, the soldiers preferred this kind of commander. If the commander was weak, the entire army would perish. They would rather have a ruthless but strong commander than a kind but feeble leader.

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 5

After organizing the army into several different units, the Third and First Army started their march toward the City of Yorkshaire. It seemed that Lark’s demonstration of might was effective. Although there was still discontent among the soldiers, the hostile glares sent to Lark every now and then had vanished entirely. In its place, the seeds of fear and curiosity slowly grew.
From an incompetent, disowned son of a Duke, Lark’s reputation turned into that of a tyrant. Some soldiers would occasionally discuss every now and then the things that might trigger the commander’s wrath. They wanted to avoid these things at all costs. They could still vividly remember how that old soldier who provoked the commander met his end.

“It seems that the soldiers are starting to call you the Demon Commander.” Baron Zacharia rode his mount next to Lark’s.

“Demon Commander?” chuckled Lark. “That’s a lot better than being called brat or kid, don’t you agree?”

The Baron was as expressionless as before. “So why did you call me over here?”

Lark took something out of his pocket and handed it to the Baron.

“Before our armies part, I want you to have this.”

The Baron looked at the item placed on his hand. “A necklace?”

It was a dull-looking necklace with a small gemstone attached. It could probably be sold at the city for four to six silvers, but that’s all. It was nothing out of the ordinary.

“I heard you’re a former martial arts instructor in a school. Can you use mana?”

“Of course.”

“Then…,” Lark pointed at the gemstone attached to the necklace, “try applying some mana to it.”

The Baron did as he was told. After applying some mana into the gemstone, it glowed. At the same time, he heard a voice through his head.

“Can you hear me, Baron?”
The words felt like a whisper, but the Baron heard each of them clearly. It took the Baron a few seconds before he finally realized that they came from the necklace itself.

He looked at the necklace then at Lark.

“Is it… communication magic?”

Lark responded through the necklace. “That’s right. It should work as long as you supply it with mana. But since the magic stone I placed in that thing is of very poor quality, there’s a limit to the distance.”

Lark had no choice but use a very low-quality magic stone for the item, since nowadays, magic stones were being sold like rye bread. The higher quality ones were being bought the moment they left the shelves. The war with the Empire must have increased the demand for such items.

The Baron stared at the necklace in his hand. He had never seen such an artifact before, but he knew that such an item would sell for at least a several dozen gold coins in the market. This item would surely benefit them in the battle to come, since it would enable the two armies to coordinate despite the distance.

“I can receive your messages just fine, but how do I send one?” The Baron took out a small pouch filled with gold coins. “And I can’t take this thing for free.” He tossed the pouch toward Lark and the young man caught it easily. “I’m not sure how much this thing will sell for, but that’s all I have with me right now. Take it.”

Lark looked at the pouch’s contents. He paused for a moment then tied it on his waist. “Well, every piece of gold counts. Thanks. Using that thing’s fairly easy. Just channel your mana like before, but this time, focus on trying to send a message too.”

The Baron wordlessly did what Lark taught. He channeled his mana to the magic stone and conveyed his thoughts.

A voice filled with static was heard.
“Can… you… hear. Me?”

Lark grinned. The Baron was a fast learner. “That should be enough.”

A subtle smile formed on the Baron’s lips. He must have felt accomplished after successfully sending out a message on his first try.

“I’ll be sending you messages every now and then. Don’t die.”

The two armies parted ways.

The First Army, led by the Baron, would head toward the northwest.

Zacharia’s plan was to gather the scattered Marcus Army before heading directly to Yorkshaire City. This was his only condition before he agreed to Lark’s plan. But if this failed, he promised to proceed with the contingency plan and simultaneously attack Yorkshaire City along with the Third Army.

Lark, on the other hand, did not have a specific route in mind. His goal was simple: Avoid as many enemies as possible as they made their way toward Yorkshaire. And to achieve this, he made preparations beforehand.

“Austen, George,” he called out to his disciples, “do it.”

The brothers bobbed their heads. They opened the cage sitting on top of a cart and dozens of birds flew out.

“Now!” said Lark.

Austen and George touched their respective magic crystals—made by Lark back in Blackstone Town—and channeled their mana into it. The crystals glowed and the birds momentarily froze, screeched, then flew around the army marching below them.

As expected of the brothers. Their mana pools were even larger than Lark’s.

Supplying mana for a few dozen surveillance birds should be sustainable.

“Do you see it?” said Lark.
Austen was speechless.

George choked his words out. “A-Amazing! I can see it! I can see everything!”

Austen finally managed to speak. “T-This is… with this, it’ll be impossible to ambush our army! We’ll be unbeatable!”

The magic crystal made it possible for Austen and George to see what the surveillance birds were seeing. With the application of mana, they could

even will the birds to move up in altitude and move toward a certain direction.

“Unbeatable?” Lark shook his head. “Calm down. This spell is easy to counter. A simple barrier spell will disrupt the connection, that’s why I told you guys to make sure the birds are spread out in all directions. Hopefully, we can catch our enemies off guard before they’re able to erect their barriers.”

Back in the Magic Empire, this spell was unpopular due to barriers enclosing even the smallest cities. Those who would cast this spell would immediately find their surveillance birds dead after less than an hour. Lark hoped that they would not encounter a magic barrier along the way, since he went through great efforts to prepare all of these surveillance birds beforehand.

Lark touched a third magic crystal and he started seeing the same vision as George and Austen. Bringing these two with him was indeed the right choice. As long as they were around, supplying the surveillance magic with mana would not be a problem.

***

A few days passed. Using the surveillance magic, Lark always scanned everything within a ten-kilometer radius.

And he finally saw his first targets.
Around seven kilometers away from them, a group of soldiers were moving through grassland. Lark willed one of the birds to move closer and saw the crest on the soldiers’ chests. It was the crest of the Empire. There was no doubt.

“Anandra, you’ve gathered enough men for the scouts?” His right-hand man nodded. “Yes, My Lord.”

“Take twenty of your most nimble men and move toward this direction.” Lark pointed at the map provided to them by the capital. “You’ll come across a group of soldiers from the Empire. Must be scouts. Kill them.”

Anandra bowed his head. “I will obey.”

Lark pointed at another place on the map. “We’ll regroup here at

dusk. Try to capture some of them for interrogation, but if that seems impossible, be sure to leave none of them alive.”

“Yes, My Lord.”

After Lark issued out his command, Anandra and his men immediately moved out to kill the scouts from the Empire. Lark used the vision crystal to monitor the movement of their enemies. He could see Anandra and his men moving toward the place he directed. Soon, the two groups clashed with each other.

With the element of surprise on their hands, Anandra and his men easily took out the soldiers of the Empire. Even going as far as capturing two of them alive.

By dusk, Anandra arrived at the camp of the Third Army. At the place Lark designated as their meeting point.

“My Lord, we’ve killed the scouts of the Empire,” reported Anandra. “And we’ve managed to capture two of them alive.”
Lark tapped Anandra’s shoulder. “Good work.”

He called out several men from the Third Army. Most of them looked grotesque, with numerous scars and burn marks on their face and body.

“You said before that you’re from the Lurie family?” Lark remained stoic even after meeting these guys who could probably make a grown man cry. “The family who specialize in torture, am I right?”

Their leader, a man with half of his mouth stitched together, replied, “The Lurie family is a thing of the past. I’m the one they serve now.”

Unlike the other soldiers, who looked at Lark fearfully as though he was the demon incarnate, their leader did not show even the slightest hint of fear. His gaze was that of a man who wanted to dismember the prey before him. Lark was sure that if the circumstances changed and he was powerless, this so-called leader would not hesitate to rip him to shreds.

Lark did not know why these guys participated in this war, but such a thing shouldn’t matter right now. Their skill in torture was known far and wide. With their help, making their captives spill everything should be possible without Lark even lifting a finger.

“Hoh, so it’s no longer the Lurie family, huh?” said Lark. “You, what’s your name?”

The leader’s eyes glimmered dangerously for a moment. “Magaras.”

“Magaras,” repeated Lark. “We’ve caught some rats from the Empire, you see.”

Magaras shivered in ecstasy realizing what the Young Master wanted of him.

“You want me to make them spill everything?” said Magaras. He grinned. “I’ll do it.”
Lark was surprised by how easy everything was. He could see how much Magaras was itching to torture the soldiers from the Empire.

“I can make them talk—I can make them scream. I know the best method of keeping them alive, Commander. My flaying knives have been lonely lately, you see.”

An eerie laughter escaped Magaras’ lips.

Under normal circumstances, Lark would have not associated himself with this lunatic. But in this war, people like Magaras who would not hesitate to dirty their hands were indispensable. He would surely prove useful later on.

Lark nodded at Anandra. “Give the captives to them.”

He looked to Magaras. “Make sure they tell everything. Do not disappoint me.”

Magaras broadened his grin, his stitched mouth revealing half his teeth. “Of course.”

That night, muffled screams were heard all throughout the camp.

***

After going through an unspeakable nightmare overnight, the captives told them everything. According to them, General Rizel sent out several small units to infiltrate the yet to be captured cities of the west, their goal was to kill all noteworthy officials in these cities. It seemed that the assassination of some of the Lords and nobles these past several weeks were General

Rizel’s doing.

“Assassination, huh?” mumbled Lark, as he read the report. It was an underhanded but effective way of doing things.

“My Lord, based on what the captured soldiers said, it seems that an army of the Empire is currently stationed here.” Anandra pointed at the map, at
an area with hills. “If we keep going at this direction, our armies will eventually clash with each other.”

The hills were around two days away from their current camp.

“It’s fine. We’ll keep going,” said Lark. “This is the fastest route we have right now.”

Although Anandra could not understand what was going through Lark’s mind right now, he decided to simply obey.

Time quickly passed by until they were only several hours away from the enemy’s camp.

Lark looked at the battlefield as a whole, using the surveillance crystal. The dozens of birds hovering in the sky made it possible to see the movement of their enemies. The scouts stationed in the grassland. The soldiers hiding in the small forest. And the three thousand-strong army from the Empire stationed on top of the hills.

“Anandra, send your men here.” He pointed at the small forest on the map.

“Just like before, kill the enemy soldiers the moment you see them.

Nine enemy soldiers. Make sure none of them escape.” Anandra bowed his head. “As you wish.”

Just like before, Anandra and his men quickly took care of their enemies. The soldiers hiding in the forest were swiftly disposed of. But an unexpected problem arose. It seemed that one of the Empire’s soldiers specialized in concealment magic. Even Anandra himself failed to find him.

Out of nine soldiers, only eight were killed.

Lark frowned. Even while using the surveillance crystal, he could not locate the soldier the moment he cast his concealment spell. At this rate, the soldier would be able to get out of the forest and alert the army stationed on the hills.
Lark calmly continued watching everything using the crystal. Using the birds, he patiently watched the entire forest for any suspicious movement.

And eventually, he spotted a figure leaving the sea of trees. “There you are.” Lark licked his lips. “Hey, hand me a spear.”

The enemy soldier and Anandra’s group were already far apart. At this rate, it would be impossible for Anandra to track the soldier who escaped.

One of Lark’s men handed him a spear.

Lark dismounted, stretched his arms for a bit, then channeled his mana into the spear. He threw it toward the sky. The spear flew at a tremendous speed, creating a sharp wheezing sound. Like a puppeteer, Lark controlled the trajectory of the spear using the thread of mana attached to it.

Hitting the fleeing target was now a lot easier, since the enemy had just left the forest.

Unaware of the spear coming his way from the sky, the enemy soldier kept running toward the direction of their camp. The spear struck the man’s back, boring a hole through his chest. He fell and slumped on the ground, twitched for a moment, then stopped moving.

Lark sighed. At least, he managed to prevent the enemy from leaking their whereabouts. The last thing he wanted was to clash with the three thousand-strong enemy camped on the hills. He wanted to preserve this army’s strength as much as possible, until they reached Yorkshaire Fortress.

“Relay my orders to everyone.” Lark pointed at the forest on the map. “Hasten the march. We need to pass through this forest before midnight.” VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 6

After repeating the same tactic and evading their enemies for weeks, Lark and the Third Army finally arrived at the Western Front. By this time, the
entire region was filled with soldiers from the Empire and it was impossible to go any further without alerting the enemies of their presence.

The simple but effective tactic of evading direct clashes to preserve their strength finally came to an end.

“Baron, do you hear me? How’s it going on your side?”

Lark sent out a message via the magic stone embedded on his necklace.

After several seconds, a reply filled with static came out.

“We’re… Being. Pushed. Back.”

Lark frowned. He could feel the sense of urgency and tension within the voice of the Baron.

Since they were still able to communicate, despite the poor-quality magic stone as a catalyst, the First Army should at least be nearby. A week away from the Third Army’s position, at most.

“General Alvaren. That monster. He predicted. Everything. We lost a third of our soldiers.”

The static sounds increased further and it was almost impossible to understand the Baron’s next message.

“But… We. Finally found. A lead… To the scattered. Marcus and. Yorkshaire. Army. Ah, damn it. He’s. Here.”

And the communication was cut. Lark tried sending several messages to the Baron, but did not receive a single response.

But from that short exchange alone, Lark was able to surmise several things. First, the First Army was several days away, probably at the northwest, where the defeated Marcus and Yorkshaire Army retreated.

Second, one of the two commanders of the Empire was currently hunting down the First Army. This meant that now was the perfect time to attack
Yorkshaire Fortress, before that so-called monster of the Empire came back. “Things got several times harder just now, huh?”

Lark decided to take the worst possible scenario into account. He decided to fight this war without expecting any reinforcements from the other armies of the Kingdom. Time is of great essence. He decided to strike now, while one of the two Generals of the Empire was out of Yorkshaire.

“Well, at least that General isn’t here to intercept our attacks.”

Lark willed all of the surveillance birds to spread out and scan the entire region. As expected, the number of soldiers was several times greater now that they were near the Yorkshaire Mountain Range. Even the smallest camp had around five hundred soldiers at the minimum.

Lark willed several birds to fly further, toward the mountain range spread out before them. Soon, a walled city came into view.

There was only supposed to be one fortress in this area. Without a doubt, that city was Yorkshaire. The target of this expedition. The city they needed to capture at all costs.

“Fog?”

Even from above, it was hard to see the entirety of the city.

Everything was enclosed by a thick white fog, and only some parts of the walls and the tall tower at the middle of the city were visible.

Lark’s intuition was telling him that the fog was man-made, probably created using someone’s magic. To test this, he willed one of the birds to approach the fortress. Upon closer inspection, Lark noticed the deep ravine surrounding the entire city. It seemed that the only way to enter the city was through the large drawbridge. But that was assuming that the invaders were able to block the attacks from the large ballistae on top of the walls.

The bird flew closer to the fortress, and the moment it made contact with the white fog, the transmission was suddenly cut. Lark lost vision in that
area. That finally confirmed it. That fog was nothing ordinary. It was definitely magic.

“The initial plan just went down the drain,” he mumbled to himself, his brows creased as he scanned the entire region using the vision crystal.

“How the hell did Yorkshaire fall to the Empire?”

The ancestors of the Lukasians were really clever to have built a

stronghold surrounded by a deep ravine, with a colossal mountain range serving as natural barrier against the enemies. Even the walls were thicker and taller than those of the capital. It was no wonder that for more than a century, the fortress never fell to enemies’ hands before this war.

But the Empire managed to defeat the Kingdom’s soldiers stationed in the mountains and capture the fortress in mere weeks. Without a doubt, the two generals sent by the Empire for this war were monsters.

Lark knew he needed to tread carefully in this battle. With the First Army currently being hunted down by General Alvaren, a single defeat in battle may mean total annihilation even for his army.

Lark knew full well the repercussions of even a single loss in the battlefield, especially something of this scale. He had seen several geniuses back in his previous life who succumbed to an early death due to their arrogance.

Lark gathered all of the officers in his army. Inside a large tent, several men and women gathered around a round wooden table.

“From now on, we’re going to move with the assumption that no reinforcements are going to come to our aid for this war.”

Lark’s opening remark made the officers flinch in response. They had expected to regroup with the First Army, but Lark just shot down that idea.

“B-But what about the Second Army, sir?” the leader of the light infantry asked.
“They’re not coming,” Lark stated. “At least… For now.”

Lark spread out a large map on the table. He placed numerous wooden blocks on top of it, signifying the different armies he saw using the vision crystal.

“These are the enemies surrounding us in all directions.” Lark pointed at the wooden figures on top of the map. “They haven’t noticed us yet, but it’ll be only a matter of time before our enemies become aware of an army this large.”

The officers gathered inside the tent had realized long ago that Lark was using some kind of trick to bypass all the enemies along the way, and

that was the reason they hadn’t clashed with any enemies so far. But looking at the map and the wooden pieces on top of it, it was apparent that a clash with the Empire would be soon inevitable.

“Yzelle,” Lark said to the woman in charge of the supply line. “What rations do we have left?”

Yzelle—better known as Chryselle Vont Aria—one of the Elders of the City of Magic, had joined the Third Army and become the leader of the supplies team. Thankfully, even the residents of Wizzert did not know her face as she hardly went out of the tower unless necessary. Disguising herself was not even necessary. With her skills, she was easily accepted in the army.

Coming with this army carried great risks, but it was definitely worth it. She could finally directly observe the man who created the perfected magic circle.

“Four weeks,” she said. “But we can extend it to a month and a half if we cut down the amount we give to the soldiers.”

Lark could feel the suppressed mana oozing out of the woman before him. Since she’d shown great competence in managing the supply line these past weeks, Lark decided not to probe further on her identity. But to be safe, he
asked Anandra to monitor her movements every now and then. He also assigned two of his trusted men as the assistant leaders of the supplies team.

“Four weeks, huh.”

Lark knew he should also take the number of casualties into account.

Death of a hundred soldiers would mean a hundred fewer mouths to feed.

By estimate, thousands of soldiers would probably die within four weeks.

They could probably hold out for two months with the rations they currently had. But that was assuming that their supplies remained intact all throughout the war.

Lark studied the map unfolded on the table again. With the vision transmitted to him by the surveillance crystal, the entire battlefield became clear. The only variables remaining were the Yorkshaire City shrouded by the fog, and the First Army currently being hunted down by one of the Generals of the Empire.

“Attacking the city shrouded by the damn fog is suicide.” Lark considered the possibility of the fog being filled with poison or illusion magic. If they attacked head-on, they would risk numerous casualties, or worse, annihilation. “And we can’t continue camping in the wilderness like this any longer.”

It would only be a matter of time before their enemies discovered their whereabouts.

Lark grabbed a large wooden piece and placed it on top of the map with a thud. “This city. We’re taking over this one before midnight.

Disseminate my orders to the army. Prepare to move out.”

***

Their first target was the City of Akash. When Magaras heard of this, even a tormentor like him questioned the sanity of the Commander of the Third Army.
The City of Akash was only a day away from the City of Yorkshaire by cart, and it was surrounded by a few villages occupied by the Empire.

Therefore, their enemies would need to defend the city for only a day before significant reinforcements arrived.

There were only two possibilities why the commander had chosen this city as their first target. Either he had gone mad from war or he was confident of capturing a walled city in less than a day. For some reason, Magaras felt it was the latter.

Interesting.

Through his half-stitched mouth, Magaras’ tongue protruded and licked his lips.

After killing the head of the Lurie family a few years ago, he founded his own band of mercenaries to satiate his hunger for flesh and blood. But contrary to his expectations, the peaceful era did not come to pass. Years after massacring the surviving members of the Lurie family, his flaying knives had yet to meet a noteworthy prey once again. Aside from the occasional requests to exterminate monsters outside the city, and the rare requests to assassinate a few people, his little band of mercenaries were left idle for too long.

Until the declaration of war with the Empire came.

Magaras could still remember vividly how he shuddered in ecstasy upon hearing of the King’s decree. Without hesitation, he signed up for the military.

He’d finally found a playfield. A place where he could torture humans to his heart’s content. It was the perfect excuse to dismember humans without aggravating the Kingdom any further.

“Boss, should we bail?” one of his men asked him.
Thousands of soldiers were currently marching toward the City of Akash. Along the way, they encountered several scouts from the Empire, who were quickly dealt with by Anandra and his men.

Even Magaras’ men knew how foolish it was to attack the City of Akash the moment they stepped foot on the Western Front. It was only a day away from Yorkshaire. If they failed to capture this city within that timeframe, they would find themselves surrounded by enemies at all sides. It was basically suicide.

Magaras grinned. “Don’t be stupid. Are you afraid of mere dogs from the Empire?”

“O-Of course not!” His men replied indignantly, with fear in their eyes.

“Hahaha! That’s right!” Magaras chuckled. “But aren’t you guys curious why that kid ordered the entire army to charge toward Akash the moment we set foot in this land?”

To be honest, they were all curious why. But no matter how much they thought about it, it did not make sense in the slightest. Sieges normally took months, and even the fastest ones took several days.

They would probably just poke their hands into the hornets’ nest then back away once the swarm came. And they were not the only ones thinking this. Most of the soldiers were questioning the sanity of the upcoming clash.

Soon, their target came into view.

The City of Akash was small, probably around half of Lion City, but the height of its walls was comparable to those of the City of Magic’s.

They had not even stepped outside the nearby forest when the watchtower of the city rang its bell. The soldiers stationed outside returned to the city and shut the gates. And as though they’d practiced it thousands of times before, numerous archers positioned themselves on top of the walls and nocked their arrows.
“Sons of bitches,” Magaras cursed, but his eyes were glimmering with delight upon seeing the sight. “If a small city’s like this, then I can’t even imagine how we’ll be able to capture that damnable Yorkshaire.”

Magaras looked in front, where Lark Marcus was. Peculiarly, despite his young age, their commander was calm, as though he was taking a walk in the garden of his mansion. He gave out directives every now and then, and the soldiers moved according to his commands.

And the command to charge forward rang out.

Magaras was stunned upon seeing the entire army charging toward the walled city just like that. At first, he expected some kind of genius strategy. But after seeing this sea of soldiers charging toward their target like some mindless mob, Magaras could not help sigh.

“Seriously, this kid.” Magaras shook his head. He was also running forward, he and his men were positioned right at the middle of the charging army. “Trying to take over that city using numbers, huh?”

Magaras was disappointed. He had expected more, especially after hearing the previous feats of Lark Marcus and after meeting him in person.

But this tactic—it was something even Magaras was capable of pulling off. “Blackstone Knights!” roared Lark Marcus. “Charge!”

Magaras’ eyes widened when a group of soldiers wearing full plate armor charged toward the gate with no regard for their lives. There were over a hundred of them, and each of them dashed forward without hesitation, their armor shining upon the touch of light.

The bells in the city continued to clang. The archers stationed on the battlements released their arrows and the volley rained down from the sky.

And as expected, the armor of the knights easily repelled them. They continued charging forward with a single-minded focus of destroying the gates.
When the enemies noticed that arrows were useless, they started loading the catapults and fired. Small boulders rained down and struck the charging knights.

“W-Wha… What?” A gasp escaped Magaras’ lips.

The boulders clearly hit their targets, but to his surprise and horror, the so-called Blackstone Knights simply took the blow. Some were sent flying, their armors deeply dented by the impact. There were even those who had their arms and legs crushed. But as though getting hit was a trivial matter, they groaned and stood up, then resumed their charge.

Magaras was sure that even their enemies were stupefied by this sight, as they started shooting more boulders at the charging knights. Some of the knights must have gotten used to this pattern of attack, as they started zigzagging and evading the falling boulders.

Magaras could hear the archers on top of the walls shouting in fright.

Soon, the Blackstone Knights reached the gates. They started boring holes through it with their punches, as though it was made of parchment, before ripping it apart with brute force.

The Blackstone Knights poured into the city in droves and began massacring the Empire’s soldiers. Even from a distance, Magaras could hear the screams and smell the thick scent of blood.

Magaras shivered.

So, this was the reason why the kid was so confident about sending the entire army forward. They haven’t suffered many casualties yet, but they’ve already managed to breach the city’s defenses. He even started seeing several Blackstone Knights on top of the walls, killing the archers one after another.

It was a one-sided massacre. Everything was being handed to them on a platter.
“Ha… Ha… Hahaha!” Magaras laughed as he savored the sight. “See that, boys? All of those soldiers are our prey! What are you dallying for?

Charge! We can’t be too late for the party, right?”

With the archers taken care of, the rest of the Third Army entered the

city and clashed with the Empire’s soldiers. But with the momentum and number on their side, the Third Army easily dealt with the resistance.

Within just a few hours after the battle, the Third Army managed to capture the City of Akash.

And Magaras received his heart’s desires.

“Magaras,” Lark Marcus said, “this man is the leader of the soldiers of this city. You know what to do, right?”

A man was kneeling in front of Lark Marcus, his hands and legs tied to his back. The man must have resisted until the very end, since his entire body was filled with cuts and bruises. His entire face was swollen, making it impossible to see what he originally looked like. Still, the man’s eyes were shining with a dangerous light.

The perfect prey. Magaras would love to see those rebellious eyes succumb to fear and despair.

“Of course, My Lord.” This time, Magaras bowed his head low. He was satisfied with the feat Lark Marcus had shown.

He finally understood everything, the reason why Lark disregarded any form of tactic. With such prowess, the best strategy was to bore through Akash’s defenses with mere brute strength.

“Repair the broken gate! Fortify the walls! Raise the Kingdom’s flag!” Lark shouted his orders. “For this war, we’ll make this city our main camp!”

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 7
After taking over the City of Akash, Lark immediately ordered the Blackstone Knights to dig a wide trench around the city, particularly deeper at the place where the gate was situated. A wooden drawbridge was also being made, which could be easily pulled back during a siege.

Lark had finished inspecting the walls and judged them to be adequate enough to fend off attacks from a regular army. Fortifying it even further would take too much time, so he decided to just focus on creating magic towers to help them suppress their enemies from a distance.

“Sir, the blocks have been transferred to the fifth area. The other items you’ve requested have already been prepared.”

Lark nodded after hearing his subordinate’s report. He went to the fifth area —an area located at the middle of the city—and started supervising the magic tower creation himself. Wood, iron and stones were being transported left and right as numerous soldiers and workers moved about.

Unlike the towers he made in Lion City, this one was taller and larger.

Instead of stones as supporting pillar, the base was going to be made with iron. It would probably take more than a week to finish this thing, but this magic tower was an absolute must for them to defend against the enemies surrounding them at all sides. The magic tower would also prove useful later on, the moment they decide to launch an all-out offensive against the Empire.

Lark decided to transform the City of Akash into a fortress. The rallying point for the Kingdom’s army.

“Let go, bastard!”

While supervising the creation of the tower, a commotion broke out nearby. Several defeated soldiers, their hands cuffed and their bodies battered, were being dragged by the Third Army toward the dungeons of the Lord’s Castle, where hundreds of defeated soldiers were currently being held.

“Damn barbarians! Don’t you know who I am? I’m a captain of the
—”

“—Shut the fuck up!” One of the soldiers kicked the defeated soldier in the stomach, effectively making him shut his mouth. He saw that their

commander, Lark Marcus, was nearby and staring at their direction. He bowed his head in apology before dragging away the rest of the captives.

Anandra, who had been standing quietly next to Lark, spoke, “My Lord, what do you plan to do with the captured soldiers?”

Lark had been deliberating what to do with them for now.

Surprisingly, the number of soldiers who surrendered was high. Thus, there were currently over five hundred soldiers locked up underground.

“Half a piece of bread per day, five sips of water. Give them just the bare minimum to survive. They will be useful later on for negotiations with the Empire.”

Living under such a state for weeks would surely sap the strength of anyone, even trained knights. There was no shackle more effective than that for these captives. As for those capable of magic, and the very few knights they encountered, Lark decided to kill them right away.

Lark did not want to risk even a very slim chance of a break out.

He called out the leader of the supplies team. For some reason, she was nearby and immediately answered his summons. He inquired about the storage room located in the basement of the Lord’s Castle, right next to the dungeon.

“Commander,” she said, holding a stack of documents in her hand,

“we haven’t finished combing through the entire storage room, but based on what we’ve seen, there should be enough food stocked in there to last us one additional week.”

“Good work.”
It was good news. With this, they’d have more leeway in their plans.

But there was also the First, Marcus, and Yorkshaire Army to take into consideration. If those three armies gathered here in this city, their current supply wouldn’t even last them a month. Hopefully, the Baron and the other commanders had managed to secure enough rations for their own armies.

Now that he thought about it, he had been unable to contact the Baron. He was still able to send telepathic messages, so the artifact should be working fine. The only possible conclusion was that the Baron was currently

in a situation where he was unable to use any magic, or use the artifact for some reason. Had he lost consciousness? Or worst-case scenario, was he dead?

Unfortunately, Lark had no way of finding out.

A voice broke Lark out of his thoughts.

“Is that… a magic tower?”

The leader of the supplies team asked, her voice filled with curiosity.

Her eyes were gawking at the sight, as though this was the first time she had seen several men working to construct a building.

“You have keen eyes.” Lark looked at her suspiciously. “I haven’t told anyone yet what we’re making. How did you know that it’s a magic tower?”

She was clearly flustered upon hearing the question. With stuttering voice, she replied, “I-I’ve seen the towers at Lion City! T-They look really…

similar. So I assumed that we’re building those same things here, Sir.”

There were several differences, but it did look similar to the towers constructed in Lion City. Lark decided to accept her reasoning for now. But just to be sure, he would let the two assistant leaders of the supplies team continue to keep an eye on her.
Lark could not feel any hostility and malicious intent toward her, and she was very capable of managing the supplies, but she was arousing his suspicion. If needed, Lark would strip her of her position in a heartbeat. But for now, he needed her skills. There was a limit on what he could do on his own, after all.

“That’s right. It’s a magic tower,” Lark admitted.

The woman’s eyes widened for a moment.

“Tell me, what do you know about them? I heard that aside from the City of Magic, no other place has been able to develop them,” said Lark.

The woman’s face turned serious. “I read about them back when I was still a student.”

“Oh, you’ve studied in an academy before?” said Lark.

“Yes.” She nodded. “Based on the books, magic towers are relics of the past era. From an Empire more than a thousand years ago. An Empire capable of turning the entire continent upside-down. An Empire of Magic capable of waging war with dragons. But the Cataclysm happened, followed by the Descent, leaving the entire continent devastated in its wake. Even the Magic Empire was unable to survive the two calamities that befell this land.

Unfortunately, the towers and the method of creating them was lost along with the fall of the Empire.”

Lark suppressed an incredulous look from showing on his face. He had not expected to hear something which he failed to find in the library in Lion City.

“If it’s been lost, then how did Wizzert City manage to create those things?”

The woman shrugged, as though it was none of her concern. “I don’t know.”

Silence fell for several seconds.
Lark looked up to the sky. It was almost dusk. He still had a lot of things he wanted to do and prioritize, but he decided they could probably wait for a few hours. He really wanted to know more. To know what happened to the Empire he served, in his previous life.

“This Cataclysm and Descent you spoke of,” he said. “can you tell me more about them? In detail?”

***

[Yorkshaire City]

Inside his room in the Lord’s Castle, General Rizel received the report of the appearance of a large army crossing over Tagana River, just before the Highland Plains. Based on the report, the army was almost twenty thousand strong.

“A legion.” He frowned. “And just right when that damn old man went missing too.”

It had been more than a week since General Alvaren chased after an army at the northwest of the Kingdom, and General Rizel hadn’t heard from

him since then. Judging by the old man’s personality, it would take some time before he came back. Not until he had hunted down his pitiable prey.

“What about the scouts?” he asked.

The soldier shook his head. “We’ve lost contact with them, sir.”

General Rizel tapped his finger on the table. He looked at the map spread before him. This map was the culmination of all the intelligence they had gathered from the Kingdom, and it should be the most accurate map they could currently find. Based on the map, it should have been impossible to reach Highland Plains without alerting the tight net they’d spread around the nearby cities in the west.

Surely, the scouts should have reported sightings of the enemies before they even reached Napam Hills. Even if the scouts had been killed, the
commander of the small army stationed there had a way of contacting the nearby armies using the sigil.

But there’s not even a single message.

General Rizel could not help but arrive at a single conclusion: Their enemies had a way of bypassing the sentries they’d placed all over the region.

“The flag?”

“We believe it’s an army from the capital, sir.”

General Rizel leaned back on his chair. Finally, the capital had sent out their forces. He had been expecting them to be at least forty thousand strong, just like what was stated in the reports from spies in the Capital. But for some reason, only a little less than twenty thousand had come to take back Yorkshaire from the Empire.

“Arrogant little pricks.” He grinned.

Living this long, he’d always abided by the same rule: Crush the enemy with your entire might. There was no need to hold back. A moment of carelessness would only come and bite you in the neck afterwards. This was how he’d managed to live this long, despite the constant strife in the Empire.

As he was constructing stratagems on how to deal with the unknown forces, three loud knocks were heard at the door. And, without waiting for the General to give his consent to come in, the man entered the room.

His entire face was covered with sweat as he huffed, as though he had ran all the way from the gate of the city. General Rizel would have reprimanded him under normal circumstances, but he could see the agitation in the man’s eyes. He decided to listen for now.

“What is it?” said the General, a bit annoyed that someone barged into his room just like that. If this man started spouting useless crap, he decided to
behead him on the spot.

“General! T-The City of Akash…” the soldier huffed, “the city of Akash fell to the enemies’ hands! We’ve received reports that the flag of the Kingdom is currently flying above its walls right now!”

General Rizel abruptly stood up from his seat. “What?”

It shouldn’t have been even a full day since their enemies were sighted near Highland Plains. Although it was near the City of Akash, it should have been impossible to capture a walled city in the span of several hours.

Just what the hell was going on?

“Get me my horse.”

The soldiers in the room looked at him quizzically for a moment, before one of them saluted and responded with a yes.

General Rizel decided to see the state of Akash and gauge the strength of his enemies. Capturing a walled city in just a day was no simple feat. He did not survive this long in an age stricken with warfare by simply sitting in his room and awaiting his subordinates’ reports.

Surely, a veteran like him would see things his scouts were unable to.

He went out of the castle, rode his mount, and went toward the gates.

Five knights and seven scouts accompanied him. The soldiers guarding the gate saluted the moment they saw him.

“Open the gates. Be on guard. Fortify our defenses. I’m going out for a bit.”

Although the soldiers were hesitant, they felt uncomfortable in letting the General leave the city with only a handful of guards, they complied.

Three layers of metal gate were opened and the drawbridge was unfolded over the ravine.
General Rizel disabled his magic and the white fog enclosing the entire city dissipated, revealing the dark skies above and the bottomless ravine below them.

Without another word, the General slapped the reigns and his horse sped up, his guards closely following behind. Their group pushed their mounts to the limit, not bothering to stop to recuperate. As a result, by dawn, they’d already reached the City of Akash.

“What the hell is that?” one of his knights mumbled.

They were looking at the City of Akash from a safe distance. Dozens of soldiers, clad in full plate armor, were digging, creating trenches around the walls. Hundreds of soldiers in leather armor were also helping with the manual labor, but it was apparent that most of the heavy work was being done by the ones in plate armor. The sight was surreal, since knights were never tasked with menial tasks in the Empire.

General Rizel squinted. He saw the wooden gates being fortified with metal plates. A small bridge was also being constructed, probably similar to the one used in Yorkshaire.

“After capturing the city, the first thing their commander does is transform the city into a fortress?” said the General. “Interesting. Not all Lukasians are incompetent imbeciles, eh?”

It was a decent move, since this battle could potentially drag on for months, if not years. Having a fortress to retreat to would prove crucial to the battles later on.

As they continued to spy on their enemies, General Rizel felt that something was not right. It was not the archers stationed on the walls, the ballistae erected on the battlements, nor was it the gates being fortified with iron.

The knights.

Those soldiers wearing full plate armor.
A normal knight would probably fail to notice it, but Rizel could see that their movements were crude, as though there was something limiting

their every move. They were not moving like a normal human should.

Furthermore, it did not make sense that those guys would dig the ground while wearing full plate armor. Something was definitely eerie, but the General was unable to pinpoint it. It felt like they weren’t human.

The General shook off his thoughts. This place was enemy territory.

He decided to think about these things once he was back to safety.

Having decided that they’d stayed here long enough, General Rizel decided to go back to Yorkshaire and formulate a plan to destroy his enemies.

He had just mounted his horse when a volley of arrows rained toward them.

On reflex, he pulled out his sword and parried the arrows. His five knights did the same, successfully blocking each attack. Unfortunately, three of his seven scouts were shot dead from that initial strike. The remaining four were wounded, with several arrows sticking out of their bodies.

General Rizel did not hesitate to abandon them. Along with his five knights, he rode through the forest nearby. But to his dismay, dozens of enemies were already waiting there. Arrows flew everywhere as they tried to escape the encirclement.

As though the enemies knew exactly where they were, ambushers would pop up in the forest every now and then. Luckily, all of his guards were skilled and easily evaded the attacks just like him.

“Annoying flies.” The old General was finally fed up.

If they wouldn’t allow him to escape this forest, then he’d just butcher them all.

Thick white fog started forming around them and quickly spread through the entire forest. General Rizel felt the presence of everyone the fog
touched.

Eighty-five people.

“Eighty-five of them,” he said to his knights. “Small fries. All of them. There are just over twenty of them waiting over there right now. You know what to do, right?”

His knights dismounted and unsheathed their swords. They nodded.

“Of course, My Lord.”

The General grinned. “Let’s leave a nice little present for them.”

He dismounted and took out his sword. His body faded away and disappeared into the fog.

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 8

The fog he had spread throughout the entire forest served as General Rizel’s eyes and limbs. He could see and feel the presence of everyone clearly, as though he was standing right next to them. Eighty-five people.

It was not a bad number, considering the fact that he only brought five knights with him. But these greenhorns gravely miscalculated one thing.

They probably didn’t expect that one of the two generals himself would come here to observe the captured city.

Ambushes would prove useless against him, even if these people multiplied their numbers several times.

His five knights moved to where a large group of ambushers waited and started massacring them one by one.

General Rizel decided on his first prey. A group of ten soldiers hiding in the thickets. A wisp of smoke manifested itself before them, slowly assuming the figure of an old man with a missing arm. Just this alone was enough for the soldiers to realize who the person standing before them was.
The Ghost of the Empire.

One of the two commanders of the Empire in this war. General Rizel.

“S-Shit!” one of the soldiers cursed. His legs started to wobble.

The old man greeted them by sending the head of the soldier flying in an instant. His headless body knelt down and kissed the ground. Seeing this, the rest of his comrades screamed. They all took out their swords and bows, pointing them at the enemy.

It should have been obvious. They’ve been trying to ambush an old man with a missing arm. Why didn’t the thought that it could be General Rizel come to mind?

“Little pups.” The old man grinned. “Who’s the commander of this army?”

General Rizel waited for a few seconds and after receiving no answer, his sword flickered and another soldier’s head was cut. Blood spurted out of the headless corpse. The head hit and rolled on the ground. All color drained

from the faces of the rest of the soldiers. They couldn’t move a single muscle out of fear. The old man was smaller than them, but the pressure he emitted made them hold their breath.

“How did you guys capture Akash City in just a single day?”

Another question came.

No one answered and another soldier’s head was sent flying.

With the fog covering the entire forest, the General could tell that his knights were almost done killing the large group of ambushers nearby.

He sighed.

“Too hasty.” He clicked his tongue. “They should at least interrogate these guys before killing them, right?”
He knew that at this rate, his enemies would run out before he managed to wring them dry of any useful information.

General Rizel looked at the soldiers frozen before him. He flashed his kindest smile, which was utterly spine-chilling in the eyes of the Kingdom’s soldiers.

“Look, I’m a benevolent man,” he declared. “I’ll spare those of you who answers my question. Fair deal, right?”

The soldiers’ teeth chattered upon hearing those words. It felt like the devil making a deal with mortals, and they did not even have the option of refusing the offer.

“D-Damn… Damn you!”

One of the soldiers forced his body to move despite his fear and charged recklessly at the General. Seeing this, two more of them pounced forward. To their horror, their swords simply passed through the General’s body, as though everything was made of wisp and smoke. The old man did not even bother to evade their attacks as he simply stood there with an amused smile.

“So young.” The General clicked his tongue. “So foolish.”

His sword blurred and three heads were sent flying at the same time.

“Nooo!” A woman’s voice—an archer—rang out. She nocked her

arrows and fired multiple times. But just like before, the arrows simply passed through the body of the General, doing no harm.

By this time, General Rizel was close to being fed up. These guys couldn’t even answer a simple question. Maybe, he should just move on to the next group.

He shot toward the female archer as a wisp of smoke, then materialized right before her. He grabbed her head with his hand and lifted her up effortlessly. The woman made muffled screams as she flailed her legs and tried kicking the ethereal body.
Engorged veins started appearing on the woman’s entire body and her entire skin became discolored into black and purple. Her limbs started to wrinkle and shrink, as though all the fluids in her body had been sucked dry in an instant. After several seconds, the woman stopped moving and the General tossed her to the side like some useless rag.

“I’ll ask one last time.” The General was obviously fed up. “Who is the commander of this army?”

The remaining soldiers were horrified by what they saw. The woman was now a dried-up corpse.
