Seeing the monster, the leader gulped down. “I forced everyone to do this. If you are to punish or kill someone, do it to me!”

Lark clicked his tongue. “Answer the damn question.” The sunflower monster hissed.
The leader once again swallowed. “We need food. The villagers… Everyone… They’re dying right now!”
Food, huh? They don’t seem to be lying. These guys are skin and bones. They’ve probably not eaten anything decent for several weeks.

“How many people are in the village and how far is it?”
The leader did not reply. He simply bit his lips and shut his mouth.

Lark willed the sunflower monster to approach the masked figure on his left. The leader, seeing this, shouted, “Around a hundred! There’s around a hundred people living in the village!”
The sunflower monster stopped in its track. The leader heaved a sigh of relief.

“How far is it?” said Lark. “And it doesn’t make sense. Stealing food would have been easier if you brought the adults with you.”
Lark was sure by now that the over a dozen masked figures around him were all kids.

“I can’t tell you where it is.” The gaze of the leader was still fierce, unyielding.
Lark sighed. He flicked a finger and the vines that were twined around the feet of the kids receded and went back to the ground.

Seeing this, the guards immediately went to the Young Master’s side, but Lark signaled them to stop.
“If you were grown men, I would have probably killed several of you on the spot,” said Lark. “I’m a bit soft on kids, you see.” He said to Clark. “Give these kids some food and water to drink.”

Everyone was stunned by the sudden orders. “But—”
“—Do it,” said Lark, firmly.

“Y-You’re feeding us?” said the leader of the kids in disbelief.

“It’ll be hard to talk with an empty stomach, right?” grinned Lark. “Eat. Drink. After that, I want to hear the fully story.”

Chapter Nineteen


Kenny stared at the scenery in front of him. Pieces of bread were being handed out to the kids one after another. As the coachman of the Young Master, it was his duty to make sure the Young Lord arrives safely to his destination. Meddling with the matters of rations was not part of his task, but he could not help but wonder why the Young Master was giving their share of food to these assailants. After all, just a few moments ago, these group tried robbing them.
He started feeding the starving residents in the town. And now, he’s feeding these kids. The Young Master a few months ago would have never done this.

Kenny was sure that he was not the only one perplexed by this sudden development. The guards were obviously baffled too.
“So, you’re telling us that the entire village was attacked by a serpent monster?” said the Young Master. Kenny perked up his ears as he attentively listened. “The village somehow managed to fend it off, but it destroyed the storage of food, leaving everyone hungry during the entire winter.”

Arthus, the leader of the kids, bobbed his head. He was a bit younger than the Young Master, probably ten or eleven years old. His black hair covered half his face, his lips constantly moving as he chewed the bread given to him. After swallowing, he said, “Yes. All the kids are fine. The adults gave most of the food to us, you see.” He was close to sobbing. “We can’t even hunt during the winter. The red berries would have been our last resort, but the serpent monster made that place its lair. Those that tried to get close got eaten by the damn bastard. We’ve been eating bugs and worms these past few weeks. Just a bit more and the entire village’ll die of hunger.”
Kenny was reminded of Blackstone Town. Before the Young Master started feeding the residents, it was common to see people digging through the ground in search of worms and insects to eat during winter.

The Young Master looked up. The sun seeped through the canopies of leaves above.
“I have a rough idea of the situation,” said Lark. “But no matter how harsh the current situation is, do you think it’s the right thing to assault other people just to survive? Self-defense is one thing, but for this case – it’s an entirely different matter.”

“We know,” said Arthus. The other kids were crestfallen. “But it doesn’t matter anymore. You can call us devils, demons. But we need to save the village no matter what.”
Lark sighed. “Clark, how much rations do we have left?”

The Head of the Guards checked the carts. “Just enough for a day’s journey, Young Master.”
“That wouldn’t even be enough to feed half the villagers.” Lark clicked his tongue. He looked at the thickets. “I saw a wild boar before. Since winter’s just ended, it should be possible to hunt some animals in the forest.”

Clark tilted his head to the side. “What do you mean, Young Mas—”

“—We’re going on a hunt.” Lark stood up. He ignored the bewildered stares of the kids around him. “Those villagers, these kids — they’re not really our responsibility. But don’t you think it’ll be too cruel to simply let them die?”

Lark raised his voice. “All guards, spread out and search for any edible food nearby. If you spot an animal, kill it. We’ll go to the village and help the dying villagers.”
“We’re feeding an entire village?” croaked the Head of the Guards. He sounded exasperated just from the idea alone.

“That’s an order,” said Lark. “Go.”

Although obviously reluctant, the guards started spreading out while carrying their weapons with them. Lark turned to the kids. “You guys are helping too. After you finish eating, help my guards in procuring food. Those weapons of yours – point them at the animals instead. Hunt. Eat. Survive. You’re capable of that, no?”

The kids clenched their fists and nodded.

Lark said to Arthus. “And you. Tell me where the village is.”


***



Valak’s stomach growled. How long had they been searching the forest for food? All of the food stocked in the basement were eaten by the abhorrent monster that attacked their village more than a month ago, just right when it was middle of the winter, when it was close to impossible to hunt through the forest. To make matters worse, the area where the red berries grew had become the lair of the giant serpent.
Now that winter had ended, they hoped to catch a prey or two and revive the village, but to no avail. For some reason, there were no animals nearby. Valak conjectured that this was probably due to the giant serpent.

“Damn it,” he snarled. “If only there’s a way to kill that monster.”

The red berries that grew near their village were edible plants that grew throughout all seasons. Before the giant serpent appeared, their village did not worry about hunger during winter, since those plants were readily accessible.

“Forget it,” said Jalak, his twin brother. The two of them looked identical: brown, bushy beard. Long sunken face, and thick eyebrows. “We’ve lost Kurt and Manis already. It’s impossible to kill that damn bastard.”
The two of them were skin and bones, their clothes filled with dirt as they carried their bows on their backs. They used to be among the strongest hunters in the village, but more than a month of constant hunger reduced them to such state.

Still, when compared to the other people left in the village, they were in a fairly better shape. The guys back there could hardly move, and some were on the brink of death.
The twins were the only ones left capable of hunting right now. By each passing moment, the heavy weight of responsibility on their shoulders gradually increased. They knew that if they did not catch a prey, the other villagers would soon die.
“At least the kids are safe,” Valak consoled himself. Along with the village Elder, he was the one who insisted that they should prioritize the children. Despite the shortage of food, they made sure that none of the kids die from hunger and cold during winter.

Before they went out to hunt, they strictly told the children to stay inside the village, since it was too dangerous to be in the forest with the giant serpent lurking around. They gave the task of overseeing the young ones to Arthus, the strongest kid in the group. While they were away, it was the task of the children to search for edible bugs and worms in the barks of nearby trees.
The twins heard rustling sounds. Immediately, they grabbed their bows and pointed the arrows at the source. They prayed to god that it was not the giant serpent. Otherwise, this very place would be their grave.

They held their breaths.

From the shrubberies, a rabbit appeared. Two of them.

The two could hardly contain their excitement. The rabbits looked left and right, sniffed at the air, and looked at them. After they locked eyes with the humans, they immediately scurried away, disappearing through the shadows of the trees.
The twins looked at each other and nodded. Although famished, they mustered their strengths and ran after their prey. Using their keens ears, they tracked the movement of the rabbits. Their every step was quick but silent.

When the rabbits stopped in their tracks, the twin hunters pointed arrows at the two. They were several dozen meters away from their targets. They released their grip and the arrows whizzed through the trees, hitting the rabbits at the same time, instantly killing it.
“Yes!” shouted Valak. They walked towards the dead rabbits, bent down and picked up the bodies. This was their first successful hunt several days after winter ended.

“Let’s go back to the village,” said Jalak. “Rabbit stew’ll be good in this cold weather.”
Valak was broadly grinning. He was holding the dead rabbits by the ears, blood dripping down their bellies.

They were about to return to their village when a hissing sound reverberated in the forest. The two of them stiffened as blood drained off their faces. They knew that sound very well. There was no doubt about it.
Using their keen sense of hearing, they realized that it was coming from their left. Looking through the shadows of the trees, they could see nothing but a sea of forest. But judging by the speed of that monster, it’ll be only a matter of time before it reached this place.

“It’s probably attracted to the scent of blood,” said Jalak.

Valak gnashed his teeth. “Damn it. Should we return to the village?”

He was worried that they would be bringing the giant serpent with them if they headed back.
Jalak paused for a moment. He stared straight into his twin brother’s eyes. “Listen, if we don’t bring those meat back with us, the villagers will definitely die.” He took out a small knife and made a large cut across his forearm. Blood dripped down to the ground.

“What are you doing?” Valak was baffled.

“I’ll run to the opposite direction,” said Jalak. “That monster prefers human meat. I’m sure of it. Once it starts chasing after me, use the opportunity to go back to the village.”

“But—”

“—Listen, brother!” Jalak’s voice was grim. “We have no time to argue about this! Just trust me on this one, okay? The life of everyone in the village is far more important than ours! Do you understand that?”

Valak wanted to refute this statement, but the determination within his twin’s eyes made him shut his mouth regardless.
“Do you want Carina to die too?” Jalak said, almost whispering. “You’ve promised to marry her this year. A true hunter does not go back on his promise, Valak.”

Valak swallowed the lump in his throat. “Don’t die.”
“I won’t.”

“Swear it. Swear on the God of the Forest.”

Jalak sighed. “I swear on the name of God Gaia. I will survive.”

Valak place the dead rabbits inside his bag. He nodded at his twin. “Then, see you at the village.”

Chapter Twenty




“Over there,” mumbled Lark. He pointed a finger at the sea of trees on his left. Lightning crackled and shot forth, buzzing past numerous trees. A split second after, a yelp echoed.

“The three of you,” said Lark. “Go retrieve the body.”

Three kids went towards the direction the lightning spell struck. After some time, they went back carrying a small wild boar. It was still barely alive, its body quivering as blood dripped down its snout.

Arthus and the rest of the kids were at loss for words. This was their fourth catch for the day. After the Young Master issued out his orders, the guards dispersed and combed the forest for any food. And with guidance from the Young Master, they were able to easily hunt animals. This was something that happened in the span of just two hours.
Lark saw one of the kids pull out a knife. When he was about to stab the half-dead boar, Lark said, “Stop. There’s no need for mercy killing right now. Let it stay alive. It’ll be a waste to let it die and rot. I made sure to hold my spells back solely for that.”

The kid looked at the boar with pitiful eyes. The kid sheathed the knife and complied.
“As for the rabbits, we’ll smoke them once we arrived at the village.” Lark gestured for the Head Guard to come to him. “The scouts?”

“Like you’ve said, there’re some dead trees in that area.” Clark pointed at a certain direction of the forest. “My men told me that those trees have turned into stones.”
“Arthus,” said Lark. “Does the giant serpent have the ability of turning something into stone?”

Arthus and the other kids looked at each other. Arthus shook his head. “None that I know of. The villagers died from the poison, while there are
some that were swallowed whole. But I’ve never heard of anyone turning into stone.”

“I see. So there’s a male and a female, huh?”

Arthus did not like what he’d heard. “What do you mean, Sir?”

“There’s probably two of those monsters.” Everyone stiffened upon hearing that. “If my hunch is correct, we’re currently dealing with basilisks. Two of them.”
Clark nervously gulped down. “Y-Young master, if this is true, then we should head back to the main road immediately! There’s no way for us to win against a Calamity Class Monster!”

Lark raised a brow. It was the first time he heard of such a term since taking over this new body.
“Calamity Class?” said Lark.

Clark vigorously nodded. “Yes. I’m pretty sure that Basilisks are included in that list. They’re creatures that’re impossible to subjugate without the help of the army. A Basilisk appeared near the Gryphon City a few years ago, and if I remember correctly, it took several knights and platoons of soldiers to subjugate it.”
“Young Sir, we should leave this area immediately,” said the coachman. “It’s our job to make sure you’re safe. If anything happens to you, the—”

“—It’s fine.” Lark waived a hand. “Just follow my commands.” The soldiers looked grim.
Lark could win against the male basilisk, since he only needed to dodge those poisonous fangs, but the female was an entirely different matter. The eyes of a female basilisk have the ability to petrify people. At his current strength, he could survive an encounter, but it’ll be impossible to protect those that were with him. After all, an anti-petrification spell encompassing a large area would cost a considerable amount of mana.
“Listen,” said Lark. Everyone’s attention turned to him. “There’s nothing cowardly with running away from something you are unable to beat. If you see the basilisk, run. Prioritize your safety. We did not come here to kill it.
We came here to save the dying villagers. There’s a clear demarcation to that. Understood?”

“Yes, Young Master,” the guards and the servants replied in unison.

One of the guards that scouted the area returned. He approached Lark and reported his find. According to him, a good distance from this place, there was a corpse of a man. A portion of his body was bitten off by some monster, with only the head and half the torso remaining intact.

The soldier nervously looked at the kids then at Lark. He whispered. “Sir, it’s probably one of the villagers. There’s a bow near the corpse, and the tunic’s a bit similar to what the kids wore.”
Lark furrowed his brows. “I see. Take another guard and lead me there.” He said to Clark. “You heard the conversation, right? I’ll leave this place to you. I’ll be right back.”

“W-Wait! Let me come with you! If something happens to the Young Master!”
“Stay here,” said Lark. He turned to the guard from before. “Guide me there.”

Along with two guards, Lark went towards the place where the corpse was found. The remaining body was in a far worse condition than what was stated in the report. A portion of the head had melted, probably from some poison. The innards spread out on the ground. The pungent stench of decay made them crinkle their nose.
Lark picked up a dagger on the ground. This man probably made a desperate struggle against the monster before he died.

“Young Master…” said one of the guards, his voice trembling from the sight. “There’s no way an ordinary monster’s capable of this. You’re probably right. That giant serpent they’ve talked about – it’s probably that Calamity Class monster.”
Lark sheathed the dagger into the scabbard. “Let’s go back. We’ll head to the village immediately. Time is of great essence.”

After coming back to the caravan, Lark ordered everyone to immediately head out towards the village. Since it’ll be impossible for the carts to move
further beyond this point due to the sea of trees, they had no choice but to untether some of the horses and use it to carry the food.

The kids led the way towards their home.

After a few hours, they finally arrived at their destination. “A wall? Impressive,” said Lark.
A wooden wall surrounded the entire village. Although small, around two meters in height, it was pretty well made. A small broken gate was seen not far from their current spot. Peeking through the gap, they could see the broken houses inside the village. It was as though a typhoon raged through the place, tearing the wooden shacks and cabins apart.
Arthus and the other children ran towards the broken gate.

“Elder! We’re back! We’ve brought food for everyone!” shouted Arthus. There was no reply. The entire village was unusually quiet.
“Stop,” said Lark. The kids halted in their tracks. “There’s something inside.”
As though on cue, a loud hissing sound reverberated. A gargantuan snake appeared, a large portion of its body hidden behind the wall. Seeing this, the kids turned pallid, screamed, and ran back towards Lark and the guards.
The snake continued hissing, its slit-like pupils glaring at their direction. Despite the smell of death emanating from it, the silver scale of the giant creature was beautiful. It reminded Lark of the carapace of giant crabs, like an armor polished by artisans several times.

“T-The giant snake!” breathed the kids.

Lark stared at the fangs that protruded out of its mouth. Viscous, pale green liquid dripped down it, and upon touching the ground, it made sizzling sounds.

“What a relief,” said the Young Master. “I’m not really sure I can protect everyone if we encounter the female basilisk, but it should be possible to kill this one.”
Lark was almost entirely sure that this one was the male basilisk. The corroding poison of those creatures were a characteristic trait.
The guards of Lark reflexively stood in front of him and drew out their swords.

“Take the Young Master out of here!” said Clark. “We’ll hold off that monster somehow! Go!”
But Lark refused to budge.

“Young Master! Please run away!” one of the guards pleaded. Three servants started tugging at the clothes of Lark, pulling him back.
“It’s fine.” Lightning crackled at the fingertips of Lark. “We might not get another chance like this. We should take this opportunity when the male’s not together with the female.”

Slithering sounds were heard beyond the wooden wall of the village. The walls cracked and broke and the entire body of the male basilisk came into view. It violently hissed and slowly approached the humans it saw.
Clark and the rest of the guards trembled, but they stood their ground regardless. Lark was amazed that these men were so loyal to him – rather, to his father. Despite facing imminent death, none of them chose to run away.

Although his father threw him to this desolated region, he still wanted to see what the man was like. He wanted to see what kind of person the Duke was, which made his subordinates unconditionally loyal to him like this.
“Clark, protect the kids. If the basilisk attacks, just run away. A single graze from its poison’s enough to kill anyone of you.” Lark shook off the hands that grabbed his clothes. “Prioritize your safety.”

After that warning, Lark stomped on the ground, his right foot digging through the soil upon impact. His entire body shot forward, blurring towards the hissing colossal serpent.
The basilisk opened its mouth wide and a string of poison shot towards Lark. His body blurred and the poison hit nothing but the ground. The area it hit sizzled as the poison soaked the ground.

Lark ran left and right, evading the poison strikes from the monster. He lifted a finger and a spear of lightning manifested itself before him, before shooting towards the body of the basilisk. The lighting spear struck the
thick carapace, creating a small burnt mark. The beast angrily hissed as it shot forward, its mouth wide open as it attempted to swallow Lark whole.

“That’s it, open your mouth.” Lark grinned. Another spear of lightning manifested itself before him. He grabbed it, and using the entire momentum of his body, threw it towards the opened mouth of the basilisk. It was a direct hit.
For a moment, the basilisk froze, as though petrified. It soon regained itself and shook its head angrily. Its slit-like pupils dilated as rage filled its very eyes.

“Young master! What are you doing?!”

At the corner of his eyes, he saw the guards running towards him. Lark clicked his tongue. He did not want to waste the little mana he had on this, but he had no choice. He channeled mana through his hands and punched the ground. A small wall of vines sprouted, blocking the path of the guards. Lark was sure that if he did not do this, those guys would still rush to his rescue despite the danger the task entailed.

“I’ve got very little mana to spare,” said Lark. “Let’s finish this quickly.”

Lightning crackled on Lark’s feet. His body blurred and his figure disappeared, only to reappear right below the basilisk. A small cyclone started forming on Lark’s right foot. He twisted his entire body and kicked the basilisk. The giant snake screeched in pain upon impact.

Another kick connected to its head, sending it flying backward along with half its body. After a split second, the monster regained its balance and lunged at Lark. Lightning crackled on his feet and his figure disappeared. The attack of the basilisk struck nothing but the air.
Lark pulled out the short sword on his waist. He channeled mana through it, making it vibrate with very high speed. He kicked the ground and shot towards the basilisk. Using the momentum of his charge, he slashed at the giant serpent.

“Not enough.” Lark clicked his tongue. The cut he inflicted was shallow. Most of the damage was deflected by the basilisk’s thick carapace.
“Again.”
Lark’s body blurred through the battleground, making slashes left and right. Numerous cuts quickly formed on the basilisk’s body, its blue blood dripping down the ground. It hissed in pain as it started slithering back.

As it started escaping, arrows suddenly flew out from the direction of the village, hitting the injured serpent numerous times. Some of the arrows were deflected by the thick carapace, while several struck the wounds, inflicting some damage.
Looking at the village, Lark saw around a dozen men pulling their bows. They released arrows one after another despite their emaciated bodies. They looked like dead men walking with those skeletal frames, but their eyes blazed with vehement fury towards the giant monster.

After one last violent hiss, the basilisk slithered towards the forest, disappearing into the shadows.
“It’s severely wounded! Chase after it!” shouted a man with thick beard. Lark felt that he looked familiar. “Everyone! Follow me!”

The villagers started coming out of the broken gate, all holding bows and carrying quivers. They were all panting, as though just moving alone was excruciating.
“You’ll all die if you chase after it,” said Lark. Everyone halted in their tracks.

If possible, Lark would have finished the male basilisk back then, but his mana pool was almost empty after casting consecutive spells. It was regrettable, but his current body was unable to match up with his skills and experience. Fighting in such a state would be suicidal, even for him.
The villagers looked at each other. The one with bushy beard spoke. “If we don’t chase after it now, it’ll come back for us later once its wounds healed. We need to kill it now while its wounded.” He raised his voice. “Everyone, follow me!”

“There’re two of them,” Lark warned. The eyes of the villagers widened. “And inside that forest, you’ll be easy targets. Forget it.”
“Two of them?”
Lark nodded. “That one’s the male basilisk. We’ve found petrified trees on our way here. The female’s out there somewhere. If you go out now, you might come across it. You will all die.”

The last part of the statement made the villagers shiver.

“Two…” said the main with thick beard. There was a long pause. “That explains it. The reason why we suddenly encountered that damn monster when it’s supposed to be resting in its lair.” He clenched his fists. “Damn it!”

“The female’s a lot tougher than that one. Are there magicians among you here?” At Lark’s question, no one replied. “Then, it’ll be impossible for you guys to win against it.”
“Who are you?” carefully asked the leader of the group. “Why do you know so much about those monsters?”

Lark shrugged. “Just a lord of a small town. More importantly,” Lark looked at the direction of the kids. Upon seeing them, the villagers shouted one after another.
“My son!”

“Arthus, you damn rascal! Where did you go?!” “Thank God they’re alive!”
As Lark expected, these kids went out of the village on their own, without the consent of the adults. And he could understand why: The adults were clearly famished, and it would not even be surprising if they suddenly dropped dead here. At such state, it would be impossible for them to hunt for wild animals and procure food for the village. So, in their stead, the kids went out and tried hunting.
Lark disable his magic and the wall of vines receded to the ground. Arthus came running and leaped towards the chest of the bearded man.

“Uncle Valak! I’m really glad you’re safe!”

Instead of a warm reply, Valak shouted. “You damn kid! Didn’t I tell you to stay in the village! But what did you do?! Not only you went out on your own! You also took all of the kids with you!”
Valak slapped the cheeks of Arthus. “You could have died! And those children too! Arthus, do you understand the consequences of your actions?!”

Arthus lowered his head. Everyone around them turned silent. “I’m… I’m sorry. But the villagers…”
Valak sighed. He bit his lips and stared at Arthus. The kid was close to tears.

“Jalak and I caught some rabbits. Come, eat.” Valak placed a hand on Arthus’ shoulder. He looked at Lark and his companions. “It’s not much, but please come with us to eat. That’s the least we could do for our saviors.”
Lark smiled at this. “Impressive. The entire village is dying of hunger and you still wish to share what little you have to those that saved you. I’m not sure if its foolishness, but it doesn’t matter. What matters is the resolve.” He looked at Clark. “Take out the rations and the animals we’ve hunted. We shall revive this dying village.”

The guards started unloading the bodies of the animals they’ve hunted a few hours ago. Three boars, five rabbits, and a small deer. The villagers stared upon seeing this.
“This should be more than enough to feed the entire village.” Lark nodded. “Y-You’re giving it to us?” Valak could not believe his ears.
“That’s the purpose of this visit,” said Lark. “We’ve heard from the kids that this village is dying of hunger. We didn’t really expect to encounter the basilisk so soon though.”
Valak looked at Arthus. The kid grinned and nodded.

“H-How could…” Valak choked the words out. He willed back the tears from coming out. He was afraid that his fellow villagers would succumb to their banes, but with these much food, they’ll be able to feed everyone. “How could we repay this…”

A hissing sound was heard from within the forest. Everyone became on guard as they stared at the direction the sound came from.
Lark frowned. “Now’s not the time to discuss such things. You have carts or horses in this village?”
Valak shook his head. “Three carts, no horse.”

“That should be enough.” Lark signaled the guards to put the animals inside the village. “It’ll probably take several days before the male basilisk recovers. After eating, you guys need to leave the village.”
Valak frowned. “Evacuate? This village had existed for almost a century. This is the place of our birth, our grave. We cannot leave.”

Lark and Valak locked eyes with each other. “You will all die if you stay here. That monster will come back eventually. You’re just lucky that the female’s staying at its lair. But what if it suddenly decides to go out?”
There was deafening silence. The villagers that listened to the conversation wore conflicted expressions.

“But even if we leave, where can we go?” Valak was exasperated.

“Come and live in my domain. Come to Blackstone Town.” Lark’s declaration took everyone by surprise. “I am the Lord of that place. Right now, the town’s undergoing drastic developments. We have the resources, but the meager population’s unable to accommodate the amount of work needed to be done.”

“Blackstone Town,” repeated Valak. “If you’re the Lord, then… a noble.”

“Does that matter?” Lark wryly smiled. “I won’t coerce you, but I am giving you this choice. You can either remain here and eventually become food for the basilisks or move to my domain and become my citizens. You have until tomorrow to decide. For now, we’ll stay here in this place and help revive this village.”

Chapter Twenty-One




[City of Bones – the Duke’s City]



A man was hanged upside-down in the underground chamber of the Lord’s Castle. Numerous cuts riddled his muscular body, with several bruises here and there. Half his face was swollen, and a fresh burn mark ran across his chest.

“Not going to talk, huh?” snarled the Tormentor. He slapped the whip onto the man’s face, and a crisp sound reverberated. The torches on the walls flickered for a moment, casting numerous shadows in the room.
The Tormentor continued whipping the man, asking questions in between breaks. Still, the captive refused to speak.

Duke Kelvin silently sat on his chair as the interrogation continued. Minutes passed. He spoke, “Enough. Take those out.”
The Tormentor bowed. “As you wish.” He said to his subordinates, “You heard the Duke! Take it out!”

Soon, several men came inside the chamber, carrying two unconscious women with them. They placed the two in front of the man. The eyes of the tied captive almost popped out of its sockets upon seeing them. His face turned pallid, before becoming livid from rage.
“Y-You! Touch them and I’ll kill you! I’ll fucking kill you!” For the first time, the man finally spoke. Hearing this, the Tormentor and Duke Kelvin grinned.

“Do it,” said the Duke.

The Tormentor grabbed an axe nearby and wordlessly struck the hand of the younger of the two women. A loud thud was heard which was quickly followed by a scream filled with pure agony. The woman whose hand was cut off instantly woke up and rolled on the ground. The blood on her severed arm flowed out profusely, blanketing the ground.
The other woman, on the other hand, remained unconscious.

“Bastard! What did you do to my daughter! I’ll kill you! I’ll fucking kill you!” He tried unshackling himself, but failed.
“I’m not going to repeat this,” said Duke Kelvin. “For every minute that you refuse to speak, we’ll cut off a limb from these two. Once we’re done with them, we’ll feed them to the hounds outside. I’m getting tired of waiting for you to open your damn mouth. This is your last chance.”

The face of the man twitched. He looked at the woman sobbing on the floor, then at the Duke. “Promise me.”
The Duke raised a brow.

“Promise me that you’ll set them free after I tell you everything,” said the captive.
“Of course.” Duke Kelvin smiled. He said to the Tormentor, “Stand back.” The Tormentor lowered the axe on the ground and stepped aside.
“So, tell me. Why did you infiltrate this city?” The torches cast a shadow upon the Duke’s stubby body. “There’s no point in denying it. We know that you’re all soldiers from the Marcus Duchy.”
The man hesitated for a moment. He swallowed. “This city isn’t our original goal. Our group’s true destination is Blackstone Town. A town located in the far east, several days away from the Lion City.”
“Blackstone Town?” repeated the Duke. It was an unknown town that was not even listed on the map.

The man, still tied upside-down, nodded. “Yes. We’re headed to that place after receiving our orders from the Silver War God.”
“So, you’re telling me that you just happen to pass through this city on your way to that place?” said the Duke.

They captured about fifty soldiers a week ago. After some interrogation, they found out that they were all from the Marcus Duchy, under the direct command of Lui Marcus – the Silver War God that defeated the Empire.
Just like this man, the other soldiers refused to speak despite the tortures they went through. Most of them died without uttering a single word despite
the atrocious defilements and pain they were subjected to. Still, there were some of them that opened their mouths to speak in the end. And this man was one of them.

Luckily, this was a city the man grew up in. Using his family that resided in this place, they were able to successfully coerce him to spill the beans.
The story of this man corroborated the story of the other soldiers.

“Yes.” The captive coughed out blood. “We’re tasked to protect the Young Master. The second son of Duke Drakus.”
This was the third time he heard of this story, but Duke Kelvin still found it funny regardless. He knew very well of how the second son of the Marcus Family was thrown away by his own father. He could not see the reason why Lui Marcus bothered sending soldiers to protect that brat. To him, it was nothing but a waste of resources.

The criteria for choosing the successor to the throne is clear enough. I don’t see a reason why the Marcus Family bothers to protect that brat. Out of all the candidates, he has the lowest chance of winning the competition. I’m sure even Duke Youchester knows of this.
Duke Kelvin was not sure if it was a stroke of luck, but he somehow managed to annihilate the soldiers that were supposed to protect that brat. It was definitely a foolish decision for them to pass through his city on their way towards that place.

A shadow appeared next to the Duke.

“My Lord, the Information Merchant has submitted his reports.”

The Duke nodded. “Give it to me.” He received a thick pile of parchment. After skimming through it, he licked his lips and grinned. “Good work. With this, we no longer have to force these guys to spill out everything. Gather your men. I have a task for everyone.”
“As you wish.” The shadow bowed then disappeared.

“I’ll be returning to my room,” said the Duke. “Burn the bodies. Make sure there are no traces of it.”
Duke Kelvin walked towards the exit. Hearing the statement from the Duke, the captive shouted. “Wait! You promised that you’ll free my wife and
daughter! You’ve promised!” His desperate voice resounded.
The Duke chuckled. “Did I?” He looked at the Tormentor. “Did I give a promise like that?”
The Tormentor, still wearing a leather mask, shook his head. “No, My Lord.”
Rage filled the eyes of the captive. He spat out, “You fucking pig! You promised! You fucking promised that—”

A fist struck his face and he immediately shut up. The Tormentor giggled. “You’re the toughest of the soldiers we’ve captured this week. As expected of the Captain.” He grabbed the man’s hair and pulled it out, removing several strands. The man groaned in pain, his face fully swollen. He could hardly open his eyes from all the blood and wound.
The Duke took one last look at the Captain of the captured soldiers. “I’m no demon. So, I’ll give you a parting gift.” He said to the Tormentor, “Kill the wife and the daughter in front of him. Make sure he sees everything.”

The Duke chuckled. “It’s nice, isn’t it? To see the end of your most precious family.”
Amidst the shouts and curses. Duke Kelvin went out of the underground chamber.




***



Inside his room, Duke Kelvin once again read through the documents. He got to admit that he never expected the Information Merchant to gather this much information in just a few weeks. With this much, he would be able to come closer to his goal of winning the competition for the throne.
“As expected, Lui Marcus will the toughest one,” he mumbled. “Rumors say that he’s as strong as five knights combined.”

He slammed the documents onto the table. “Black Midas.”
Around a dozen shadows appeared inside the room. They all knelt down in unison. “Yes, Lord.”

“What do you think? Can you take down the Silver War God?”

The leader of Black Midas replied, “It should be possible, My Lord, but—” “—But what?”
The leader paused. “We’ll probably lose half of our men in the process. The Silver War God’s capable of both martial arts and magic. He’s literally a Knight and a Sage at the same time. It’ll be impossible to assassinate him without great casualties.”
“Half of your men?” The Duke smirked. “So, what? Would that be an issue?”
The leader of Black Midas lowered his head. “Of course not. We live for the sake of the Duke. Our lives are yours to decide.”

Duke Kelvin was satisfied with the answer. He had raised over a hundred assassins since they were young just for moments like these. If the Marcus Family boasts of their overwhelming military might, then his House’s were the shadows that lurked in the background, waiting to kill their prey in a moment of carelessness.
“My Lord, if you would allow this servant to speak,” said the Leader of Black Midas.

The Duke gestured for him to continue.

“I think we should use this opportunity to send some assassins to that desolated town. The one where the second son of Duke Drakus lives.”

Duke Kelvin frowned. “Are you stupid? That brat has no chance of winning the competition. There’s no point in killing him.”
“But My Lord, we’ve received an intel before,” said the leader. “It seems that the rumors are not entirely true.”

The leader of Black Midas usually simply accepts his task without bothering to speak of his thoughts. This was one of the few moments wherein the leader of the assassin group tried giving his own suggestions. Duke Kelvin decided to at least hear him out.
“Speak.”

“We’ve gathered information that Lui Marcus prevented his younger brother from being exiled out of the Kingdom. It’s the same reason why he’s been sent to that desolated town instead of being exiled to the neighboring countries.”
Duke Kelvin’s eyes broadened. He immediately understood the implications if this information was indeed true. Most of the nobles thought that Duke Drakus and Lui Marcus have long disowned the second son of their family. This was the reason why Duke Kelvin did not even bother to target the pathetic kid that’s been exiled to that desolated town. But what if the Silver War God was actually a caring brother? The total opposite of what the House of Marcus was trying to convey?

If this information was true, then they would be able to obtain a crucial weapon against the Kingdom’s Hero.
“Duke Drakus tried his best to suppress rumors from spreading out, but two years ago, Lui Marcus knelt down in front a group to plead forgiveness for his brother’s misdeeds.”

“Have you confirmed this?” The Duke could not imagine that formidable warrior kneeling in front of everyone.
“Yes. This came from the mouth of one of the servants himself, moments before his death. We are sure of it.”

Silence befell the room. Duke Kelvin stared out the window, his face twitching in glee. Eventually, a maniacal chuckle escaped his lips. “Change of plans. We shall include that brat in the list of our targets.”
Duke Kelvin grabbed the pile of parchment on the desk and flipped through it. “Kalavinka Deposo, Reid Deposo, Yunan Deposo, and Lark Marcus. I want these four dead within this year.”

“As you wish,” the leader said. “And what about the Silver War God?”

“Lui Marcus?” said the Duke. “Forget it. He’s too dangerous to target right now. After we take care of his brother, he’ll come out on his own. An enraged beast’s easier to ensnare into a trap.”
After killing those four people, Duke Kelvin would set his eyes on the Silver War God next. Once these men have been killed, there would be no one to stop the ascend of his sons towards the throne.

Duke Kelvin looked forward to that day, four years from now. The day their house rules over the entire Kingdom.

Chapter Twenty-Two


Night came. Everyone was busy preparing the food that have been handed out by Lark. Numerous cauldrons were filled to the brim with soup and meat. Lark instructed his guards to take turns surveying the surroundings. Although they have stoppered the wooden wall that enclosed the entire village, it would not stop the colossal serpent from entering inside.
“T-Thank you, young Lord,” the village Elder bowed his head low. “With this, we’ll be able to save everyone.”

“It’s fine.” Lark waved a hand. “More importantly, there’s something I want to know.”
“As long as it’s within my capability, this old man shall answer the young Lord’s inquiry.”

Around them, the group of hunters from before started feeding the villagers that were unable to move. It was amazing that the effect of being fed was almost instantaneous. After taking a sip of soup and taking a bite of meat, the villagers regained their strength and were able to move their limbs after just a few minutes.
“How did you do it?” said Lark. “How did you drive away the basilisk back then?”

When Lark fought the basilisk, he consumed more than half his mana just to inflict fatal injuries to it. In the end, when the colossal serpent started fleeing, Lark decided not to pursue it. It would have been too dangerous to fight it inside the forest when his mana was at its lowest. He could not see anyone here who appeared strong enough to drive away such monster.
“Ah.” The old man averted his gaze. “Anandra. He’s the one that fought the beast to a stalemate.” He looked at a cabin far from them. “He’s inside that house. It’s been weeks since he lost consciousness. We’ve treated all his wounds but he still refuses to wake up.”

Lark’s curiosity was piqued. He wanted to see the warrior strong enough to fight that basilisk.
“Can I see him?”

The elder hesitated for a moment. “It should be fine… but the wounds… the Young Master might not like what he would see.”
“It’s fine,” said Lark. “Lead me there.”

The two of them went towards the cabin where the warrior was recuperating. Upon entering the room, he saw an elderly woman and the hunter from before. The two of them sat next to a man lying on the floor.
What’s his name again? Valak?

Lark’s gaze went from the elderly woman, to Valak, then at the injured warrior. He creased his brows upon seeing the state of the one who fought the basilisk. The entire body of the man was wrapped in bandages. The nauseating scent of decay permeated the room. If not for the slowly rising and falling chest of the warrior, people would have mistaken him for a corpse.
“Ah, Young Master!” the elderly woman got up to her feet. Valak, on the other hand, remained sitting. His gaze clearly said: what the hell is he doing here?

“He’s Anandra?” said Lark.

The village Elder nodded. “Yes.”

I don’t have much mana remaining right now. This new body’s far too weak. My former self would have easily killed that basilisk in the blink of an eye. It’ll be hard, but I need to apply my remaining magic to heal this guy. It’ll be such a waste to simply let a strong warrior die.
“Take off the bandages for me,” said Lark. He then turned to Valak. “And you, go tell one of my guards to bring the medicinal herbs from the carts.”

Valak did not budge. “What are you going to do? Anandra’s in a dangerous state. If we remove the bandages, his wounds will open and he’ll die.”
“He’s been bitten by the basilisk, right?” Judging by the expressions of the villagers inside the room, his guess was spot on. “It’s amazing that he’s still alive, but if we don’t remove the poison, he’ll die soon. A day or two at most.”
Valak, the woman, and the Elder looked at each other. Eventually, the Elder spoke, “None of the herbalists were able to cure him. This might be our only chance to save Anandra.”

Valak bit his lips then stood up. “Medicinal herbs from the cart, right? How much do you need?”
“Half a barrel. I’ve exhausted most of my magic. We’ll have to compensate with those herbs somehow.”

After Valak left, the elderly woman started removing the bandages carefully. Lark was stunned for a moment after the entire body of Anandra was revealed. Calling him injured was clearly an understatement. Lark could not even believe he was still alive.
Half of his body was rotting, corroded by the poison from the basilisk. Numerous pustules were scattered along his skin, while several ribs protruded out of his chest. The skin on his left thigh had come off entirely, revealing all the muscles.

The Elder went out of the room and vomited on the ground. The elderly woman closed her eyes in agony.
Despite the putrid stench that filled the room, Lark remained unmoved. His mind was filled with various thoughts of how he should manage this dying warrior. With very little mana left, his main goal was only to make sure this warrior does not die within the next few days. At the very least, give him enough time to recover by himself.

Just in time, Valak finally returned, carrying a barrel filled with herbs. “The guard told me that you plan on selling this to Lion City. Are you sure about this?”
“Stop with the pleasantries,” spat Lark. “Soak those herbs in water. Grind it using your hands. We’re running out of time.”

Valak and the elderly woman did as they were told. The village Elder, on the other hand, simply stood next to the door. Lark could see that he was trying his best not to vomit.
Lark breathed in. Let’s do this.
He channeled mana into his fingers and pushed the ribs back to their proper places. Anandra flinched and a groan escaped his lips. Lark applied healing magic and forced the broken bones to attach back to each other.

Damn it. I’m almost out of mana. “The herbs.”
Quickly, Valak handed him a basin filled with herbs and water. Lark poured the water out slowly onto the wounds on Anandra’s body. The warrior groaned in pain, his entire body twitched for a moment, and his fingers curled up into a fist.
“H-Hey, is this really alright?” asked Valak, nervously. “It’s fine,” said Lark. “I need more. Quick.”
After pouring the medicinal herbs onto the body, Lark would potentiate its effect by applying a little bit of his mana to it. If he had a full mana pool, the process would have been far swifter. But with the current circumstances, he had no choice but to excessively consume the herbs to compensate in the process.
It was gradual, but results started showing eventually. The pustules on Anandra’s skin started subsiding, and the parts that have been corroded by the poison started regaining its color. The repaired ribs successfully remained in place.
Lark felt wobbly after consuming too much mana. Reaching the bottom of his mana pool, he had the urge to throw up, close his eyes, and sleep. Still, he fought off the urge. “We’ll repeat this tomorrow morning. I’ll be able to recover a little bit of mana by then. For now, cover the body with bandages.”

The elderly woman swiftly moved and bandaged the injured warrior. Although he still looked like a corpse, his breathing was somehow more stable now.
Valak stared at Lark.

“We don’t have much right now, but we’ll return this favor someday,” said Valak. He pulled out a dagger and handed it to Lark. The sheath was made of bronze, with numerous spiral patterns engraved on it. “Sell this at Lion
City. It should be able to give you a fair bit of money. It’s supposed to be a twin dagger, but the other one’s with Jalak right now.”

“Valak! That’s your family heirloom isn’t it?!” said the old woman.

“It’s fine.” Valak shook his head. “Anandra’s life worth more than this. If he hadn’t stopped the serpent back then, we would have all been dead by now.”

Lark stared at the dagger for a moment. It looked really old, with numerous scratches here and there. Although it was considered an heirloom, it would probably not give him much even if he sold it at the Lion City.
“Keep it,” said Lark. “You might still need it once we try to get out of this village. The journey to Blackstone Town would take several days by foot from here.”

By cart, it would take around one to two days to get to the town. But considering the number of the villagers, they would have no choice but to go there by foot. And that was if they eventually decide to leave this village and live in his domain. Lark decided not to coerce them whichever their decision was. If they decided to stay here and die fighting, he would respect that.
“Think about it thoroughly. Give me your answer by tonight,” said Lark. “If you agree with my suggestion, we’ll immediately depart once the sun rises.”

The Elder said to Valak. “Son, what is this about?”

“Well…” Valak looked at Lark then at the old man. After he shared his part of the story, the village Elder approached Lark.

“We accept your offer,” said the village Elder.

The sudden declaration took Lark by surprise. A small smile floated on his face. Somehow, this old man was quite interesting.

“Are you sure you’re deciding just like that?” chuckled Lark.

The old man smiled. “Living this long made me see things in different lights. The path you’re offering is the salvation of this village. What use would this village be if we’re all dead? The people are the village.”
The old woman beside the village Elder nodded affirmatively.

“Don’t worry about the kids,” said the Elder. “I’ll take care of all the oppositions. After all, it’s not like we have a better alternative right now. If what you’ve said is true and there is indeed a female basilisk out there, then quick decisions like these would save the lives of my fellow villagers.”
Lark thought that this old man was quite wise despite his senile-looking face.

“I need to recover some of my mana, so I’ll have to sleep early.” Lark said to Valak, “But before that, I need to talk to you in private.”
Valak shot a quizzical stare. “What is it?” “Come.”
With Lark leading the way, the two of them went out of the cabin. Lark led him to a place devoid of people.
“That dagger,” said Lark. “You said it has a twin, right?”

“Yes. The other one’s with my brother.” There was a hint of grimness within his voice. “We got separated in the forest back then, but I’m sure he’s still alive. He promised me that he’ll return safely.”

Lark breathed in and sighed. He paused then slowly took out a similar dagger. “Is it this one?”
Valak opened and closed his mouth upon seeing it. A groan, which somehow reminded Lark of a pig being slaughtered, escaped his lips. His eyes shook as he fell down his knees.

“W-Where? Where did you get it?” he said, voice trembling. “Jalak, where is he? Did he give it to you? How’s he?!”
“He’s dead,” said Lark, bluntly. “We found his body in the forest.” Valak swallowed and made a croaking sound.
“I thought you’re quite familiar, and I now understand why,” said Lark. “You’re twins, right? You look really similar to the owner of this dagger.”
It took Lark some time to realize the similarities since the corpse of Valak’s twin had been mutilated by the basilisk. But after seeing the dagger, everything finally fell into place.
“Y-You’re lying!” Valak shouted. “Damn you! Jalak’s not dead! He promised me that he’ll come back here! That he’ll just lure the monster away!”

Several men came into the place where Lark and Valak were. They silently stood and listened curiously.
“I don’t have time to comfort you for your loss,” said Lark. He tossed the dagger to Valak. “Here. Take it. I know the feeling of losing a loved one, but now’s not that time for that. Once you’re safely out of this forest, you can grieve and mourn all you want.”

Although cruel, this was reality. Lark knew that if they were not careful, several more lives would be taken away by the basilisks. Things would have been a lot simpler if he had more mana in his arsenal, but with the current state of things, he had no choice but to evacuate these guys to his town.
Lark turned to the spectators. “I’ve spoken with your village elder. We’ll leave this place at dawn. Prepare the carts and rations. Those that are capable of moving will pull the carts. Bring only the necessities with you. Our priority is the life of the villagers.”

The villagers, under the fierce stare of Lark, were silent. “Sleep,” said Lark. “Regain your strength. We depart tomorrow.” He turned around and disappeared from their sight.

Chapter Twenty-Three




Dawn came. The villagers placed those that were unable to move inside the carts. The hunters that have regained a bit of their strength would pull it as they leave for Blackstone Town.

“Elder, are you sure about this?” said one of the villagers. He was not the only one hesitant about moving towards that town. After all, they have lived in this villager their whole lives.
“It’s not like we have a choice.” The village Elder sighed. “If you have a way to kill those basilisks, then go ahead.”

The man frowned and bit his lips. “Why did those monsters suddenly made this place their lair?” There was anger within his voice. “If only those bastards didn’t come, we would have been celebrating the end of winter by now! This village that our ancestors have—”
The Elder tapped the man’s shoulder. “—Lower your voice.” Around them, several spectators started listening to the conversation. “Do not let the children hear you. Unlike us old men, they still have their lives ahead of them. They can still have a fresh start. We shouldn’t let our attachments to this village hinder their lives. It’s a pity, but we have to let go of this place.” He looked at the direction where a young man with silver hair stood. “The Gods haven’t abandoned us yet. Once we’re out of this predicament, our tribe shall offer our prayers to the God of the Forest.”

The man also looked at the young noble. He had heard of it before: it seemed that the young man was the ruler of a town east of this place, near the Endless Forest. Surprisingly, unlike most nobles, this young man was neither arrogant nor condescending. Although he held the air of a ruler, the villagers could feel his genuine desire to help them.
“Lark Marcus,” mumbled the villager. “Elder, could he be part of that family?”

The Elder combed his beard. “The possibility of that is high.”
The name of the Marcus family was as prominent as that of the Royal Family. Even their secluded village in the middle of the forest had heard of them.

“But what is someone with such background doing in this place? In that town?”
The Elder shook his head. “I don’t know. But that’s no longer important.” He shouted at a couple of youngsters. “What are you doing? Bring only the necessities with you!”

The kids flinched and whispered among each other. “Hey, I told you! We can’t bring these with us!”
“But maybe we could just carry it? I’m sure the Elder wouldn’t mind!”

The Elder scratched his head and went towards them. “We’ll need the carts to carry those that are unable to move. Aside from food, bring nothing else with you.”
“But Elder!”

“Would you rather keep those toys than let Anandra comfortably sleep in the wagon?”
The question of the Elder made them immediately change their minds. “Of course not!”
“It’s for Anandra’s sake… Everyone! Listen to the Elder! Leave those behind!”
“Yeah!”

All of the kids in this village greatly admired Anandra, the strongest warrior of their tribe. Although they were young, they clearly understood that if it were not for him blocking the assault of the basilisk, they would have been dead by now.

The Elder looked at the cart where Anandra was. ‘The young Lord should have finished the second part of treatment by now, right?’
The Elder decided to check on the state of the injured warrior. Just in time, upon checking the cart, the young noble stepped out.

“Ah, young Lord,” said the Elder. “How’s he?”
Lark wiped the sweat on his forehead. “He’ll be safe now. It’ll probably take several days more, maybe a week, before he regains consciousness though.”

The Elder sighed in relief. “I see. I’m really glad to hear that. Thank you.”

“Are the preparations finished?” said Lark. “My men and I are ready to move out any time.”

“Yes.” The Elder nodded. “We’re just waiting for the young Lord’s signal.”

“Is that so?” Lark looked around. “Tell everyone to gather here. There’s something I need to tell them.”

“As you wish.”

Soon, all of the villagers gathered before Lark. They were clearly emaciated, and fear were evident within their eyes.

“Listen,” said Lark. “I’m sure everyone’s aware – currently, there are two basilisks in this forest. The one we’ve fought before’s the male. It’s currently injured and it’ll probably take a week or more for it to fully heal. The problem’s the female. Although it seems that it rarely leaves the nest, it’ll still be best to prepare for the worst circumstances.”
Lark looked at them in the eye. “I’ll be blunt. I need sacrifices.” Silence befell everyone.
“Right now, I’m not strong enough to protect every one of you here,” said Lark. “The female basilisk is far stronger than the male. If it attacks us on our way out of this forest, there will surely be casualties.”
“So you’re asking some of us to hold it off as everyone escapes?” said Valak. A quiver filled with arrows was on his back. “I’ll do it.”
The other hunters nodded. “Me too.” “Same here.”
There was a total of nine volunteers.

“The female basilisk has the ability to petrify its targets. You need to constantly move around to avoid the spell. Stay too long under its gaze and you’ll turn into stone.” Several villagers grimly looked at the volunteers. “All of you will probably die. You’re aware of that, no?”
Valak was the first to reply. “We know.”

“But if it’ll save the lives of my wife and kids…” said another hunter.

Lark was starting to really like this tribe. Unlike most people, this group held honor highly. Their resolve to protect their fellow villagers and family was something seldomly seen in this day and age.

“Let’s just hope that the female doesn’t attack us,” said Lark. “Avoid making too much noise as we go out of the forest. Our goal is to reach the main road before the day ends. Everyone, get ready. we’re moving out.”
Numerous carts pulled by men and women started leaving the village. Upon reaching the forest, rattling sounds were heard as the wooden wheels struck the root-blanketed ground.

Dawn quickly passed. Noon came and everyone stopped to recuperate. They have travelled a fair bit of distance by now, a good distance away from the lair of the basilisks.
“Elder, can’t we really eat anything until we get to the main road?” said Arthus. “Aunt’s been groaning from hunger for quite some time now inside the cart. Big sister’s like that too. Surely, we can take some of the roasted boar and feed the people.”

The Elder sighed. “I understand, young one. But the Lord clearly told us not to open the bags of rations. He didn’t want to unnecessarily attract the monsters. It’s unfortunate, but we’ll have to hold it in until we arrived at the main road.”
Arthus was unsatisfied of the answer but nodded regardless. He went back to the group of kids and disseminated what he heard from the Elder.

Lark clapped his hands twice. “Rest is over. Move out.”

To the villagers that have been emaciated for weeks, this journey was arduous, almost excruciating. If not for the feast they received last night, they would have no energy to travel this far. At the very least, their desire to survive kept pushing them forward.

Hours quickly passed and by dusk, they finally reached the main road. It was still surrounded by trees in all directions, but with such distance, it should be fairly safe to consume the rations.
Lark ordered the guards and the hunters to distribute the food. The kids started making a campfire.

Every now and then, Lark would use magic to scan their immediate surroundings. It was a very small area when compared to this large forest, but it was better than nothing. After making sure that the area was safe, he would then proceed to heal the injuries of Anandra. By now, the stench of decay from the warrior had dissipated. His breathing normalized and the skin that have been peeled off started to regenerate. Lark avoided using too much mana on the treatment since there was still the risk of being attacked by the basilisks.
After everyone have been fed, Lark instructed the guards to take turns taking watch. Two hours passed and to everyone’s dismay, he once again ordered them to move out. Still, no one openly complained. They all knew that this was for their sake.

The group continued walking, and by the next morning, they finally reached the end of the forest. The plains and the Prey River were in sight.
Lark was really glad that luckily, the female basilisk did not give chase. They have avoided the worst and did not sustain a single casualty.

“Here, take this.” Lark handed the Elder a scroll.

The Elder opened it. “This is… a letter to a person called Gaston.” Lark raised a brow. “You can read?”
Including Melody and Silver Claw, this old man was the third person to know how to read.
The Elder scratched his beard. “Just a little bit. This old man has lived for over seventy years. I’ve been to numerous cities back in my youth. I’ve been a daring young man back then, you see.” He chuckled. “Learned a few things here and there, and reading’s one of them.”
Perfect. These hunters are really good with bows, and this old man knows how to read. They’ll be really good additions to the town.

Lark suppressed the excitement from showing on his face. “Gaston’s my butler. Show that to him and he’ll understand eventually. The eastern part of
the town’s still under construction, so it might take some time before we’ll be able to give settlements to everyone.”

The Elder understandingly nodded. “I see. We’re just grateful that you’re willing to go that far for us, young Lord.” He bowed his head low. “Since you’re giving me this…”
“That’s right,” said Lark. “This is where we part ways. I still have to visit Lion City. We’ll meet at Blackstone Town in a week or two.”

Lark called one of the guards over. “Yes, Young Master?”
“Accompany them to the town.” Lark leaned over and handed him a palm-sized stone tablet. “Make sure you carry this with you on your way inside.”
“This is?” the guard stared at the tablet. There were unknown symbols engraved on it.

“An entry pass,” said Lark. “Be sure not to lose it. It’s a sign of your group’s identity.”
The guard did not fully understand what the Young Master was trying to say but he nodded regardless. The instruction of bringing it with him to the town was very simple, after all.

“Understood!”

The stone tablet was imbued with Lark’s mana. With it, the ‘Guardians’ he had created would not attack their group upon entering the town. It was a small precaution to avoid such accident. After all, it would be easy for the Guardians to mistake their group as hostile forces with such numbers. Lark wanted to avoid that at all costs.

After the necessary preparations have been made, the two groups parted ways in the plains. One was headed towards Blackstone Town, the other towards the Lion City.

Chapter Twenty-Four


[Lion City – Merchants Guild]



Big Mona, the Merchant Guild Master, skimmed through the documents he held in his hands. He stopped and leaned on his chair, making it creak from his sheer weight. He took a handful of biscuits and threw them inside his mouth.
“I heard that you guys are having a hard time defending the Valley of Witches.” Big Mona’s spit flew out as he spoke. “And you expect me to provide more weapons and rations?” He chuckled and took a sip of wine from the goblet.

The representative of the Mercenary Guild frowned at the blatant crude display. He had heard of how gluttonous and barbaric the Head of the Merchants Guild was, but he had not expected this much. Even now, Big Mona continued grabbing snacks from the plate in front of him, throwing it inside his mouth. Every time he spoke, crumbs and spit flew out.
“But Master Alexander told us that you’ve prepared them already,” said the representative. “It’s supposed to be part of the agreement—”

“—The agreement’s valid only if he doesn’t lose the Vespa Fortress in the south.” Big Mona glared at him. “Surely, before coming here, you’ve read that, no? Or are you simply too stupid that you couldn’t even think of something so simple?”
Big Mona slammed his stubby fists unto the table. “Tell Alexander to meet me here himself! I wouldn’t continue supplying his army otherwise!”

“But the Master’s in the Valley of Witches right now! He’s busy fending off the invaders from the United Grakas Alliance!” The representative refused to yield. “You know that it’ll be impossible for him to leave his post and come here himself! That’s why he’s been sending representatives—”
“—Enough with the excuses!” snarled Big Mona. “I don’t plan on wasting resources on such an incompetent leader! You’ve been incurring defeats left
and right and you still expect support from the Merchants Guild? Hah!”

“Master Alexander’s not incompetent! And those were not defeats! We purposely left those strongholds to prevent further casualties! You damn merchants have no idea on how we risk our lives just to defend the invasion from the United Grakas Alliance!”
Big Mona snapped his fingers and the two guards standing next to the wall grabbed the representative. “Throw him out.”

“Wait! Please! Our army really needs the weapons right now!” He was grabbed by the guards. The representative struggled, but was soon thrown out of the Merchants Guild.
Big Mona burped and wiped his mouth using a napkin. A button on his gaudy dress popped off after he deeply breathed in.

“Is this really fine?” asked his assistant. “It’s the Mercenary Guild.”

Big Mona chuckled. “It’s fine. He’ll come back tomorrow.” He grabbed the documents on the table and started flipping through it. “The spies I’ve planted in the United Grakas Alliance told me that the attack on the Valley of Witches wouldn’t escalate until the reinforcement from their capital arrived. They’re currently in a deadlock with Alexander’s army. We’ll be able to buy two more months with just that. It’s better to make the Mercenary Guild beg for help, no? We’ll be making them a bigger favor that way.”

“But what if the information sent by the spies are wrong?”

“Then Alexander will lose his life.” Big Mona was nonchalant. “It’s not like there’s no one to replace him as Guild Master of the Mercenaries. And even if the Valley of Witches gets seized by the United Grakas Alliance, they’ll think twice before attacking this city. After all, the Lord governing this place’s far too dangerous to be an enemy.”

The last part was a bluff. Big Mona knew that once the Valley of Witches was razed to the ground, there would be no stopping the invasion of the United Grakas Alliance – even the Lord of this City wouldn’t be able to stop it. But he knew that Alexander would not croak that easily. As long as that man was alive, the beastmen would have a hard time invading this Kingdom.
The assistant of Big Mona felt that the merchant was too laidback on this. Right now, a massive war was breaking out in the Eastern Region, specifically at a place called Valley of Witches. The United Grakas Alliance sent out a legion to claim the castles in that area. One after another, cities fell under their military might. If not for Alexander personally setting out to stop the invasion, the army of the Alliance would have reached this place by now. He could not understand why Big Mona, the number one supplier of weapons and arms in the city, refused to give aid to the army.

“I know what you’re thinking.” Big Mona pointed a quill at him. “You think I’m stupid, right? You’re thinking why this fatso’s withholding those weapons when war’s about to break out.”
The assistant felt chills crawl down his spine. Everything was spot on. “N-No! Of course not!”

“Stop lying.” Big Mona grinned. “Listen, kid. You’ll never survive as a merchant if you keep being a compassionate moron. An offer made on the brink of death carries more weight, even if it’s from the devil. Remember that.”
Three loud knocks were heard at the door. “Sir, the son of Duke Drakus wishes to see you.”

Big Mona paused. “Son of Duke Drakus?”

The Silver War God was among the most prominent figures of the Kingdom. Even for a merchant like him, it would be very hard to meet the Supreme Commander of the Western Army. Big Mona doubted the report of the servant.

“Are you sure about this? Why would the Silver War God suddenly come here from the Gryphon City?”
“Ah, it’s not Lui Marcus, sir,” replied the servant. “It’s the younger brother.”

Even this was surprising. He had seen the Silver War God a few times before back in the Capital, but he never once caught glimpse of the supposedly incompetent little brother of his. He heard several months ago from his information merchant that he was exiled to a desolated town.
“The purpose of his visit?” said Big Mona.

“About that…” There was a pause. “He told us that he’s here to make a business proposal.”
“Business proposal?” Big Mona knitted his brows. His stare was piercing.

“H-He refused to tell us what kind!” The servant’s voice trembled for a moment. “He said that you’ll understand once you meet him!”
Normally, Big Mona would not bother meeting with the lord of a small town without prior appointment, but his mind was screaming at him to find out the purpose of the visit. His intuition never failed him before.

Big Mona stood there and contemplated. Eventually, he decided. “Bring him to the room on the second floor.”
“As you wish!”

After the servant left, Big Mona looked at himself in front of the mirror. He satisfactorily nodded upon seeing his bloated body and fat, rosy cheeks. “I look dashing today.”
It had been his routine to check himself before meeting a potential client, no matter how small the transaction may be. It was a habit engraved into him since he was a kid. Although his father died before becoming a successful merchant, the lessons he had instilled into Big Mona helped mold what he was today.

Accompanied by his personal guard, he went up the stairs and entered a spacious room. Inside, a young man, probably in his early teens, leisurely sat on the couch. Upon seeing Big Mona, he smiled, nodded once, then stood up.
“You’re the head of the Merchants Guild?” said the young man.

Big Mona did not like the haughtiness within the guest’s voice. “That’s right. You’re the Lord of that small town near the Endless Forest, right?” He sat on the opposite couch. “I normally don’t entertain such guests without prior appointments. Consider yourself lucky. Boy, get straight to the point. What did you come here for?”
Lark took out a wooden box and placed it on the table before them. “Take a look.”
Big Mona leaned forward and opened the lid. He stared at what was inside for a moment before taking it out. A crystal shaped like a lotus flower.

“Kalrane stone?” muttered Big Mona. Although the shape was different from the usual, there was no doubt it was made of kalrane after seeing the translucent crystal and the specks of silver dusts inside it.
“Yes. Now, touch the tip of the flower.”

Big Mona did not like how he was being ordered around by some brat. Still, he did as he was told. He touched the tip of the flower. To his surprise, the specks of silver dusts inside began emitting bright light. It was bright enough to overshadow the large candelabra near the window. For a moment, Big Mona reflexively closed his eyes.
“Touch the tip again.”

The blinding light vanished. It took Big Mona some time before he was able to adjust to the now dimly-lit room. He blinked thrice and stared at the crystal he held in his stubby hands.
Was this really a kalrane stone? Those things were rare within this region, but he could easily procure several barrels of them from the Emerald City in the far north. Still, the stones from that mining city were not this bright.

“Is this really a kalrane stone?” Big Mona finally asked. “Even the shape is different.”
With the instinct he honed from several decades of being a merchant, Big Mona was immediately able to realize the potential of this product. He almost sniffed the air after smelling the potential crates of gold this would bring.

“It’s kalrane. No doubt about it,” said Lark. “Stones capable of absorbing and storing light from the sun.” Lark took out a smaller version of the crystal, around half a palm in size, and placed it on the table. He touched the tip of the flower and it glowed brightly, illuminating the entire room. “Even this small stone’s capable of lighting up the entire room.” There was a small pause. He added slowly, “For several hours. Eight hours at most. The larger ones can go way more than that.”
Big Mona was stunned for a moment. The kalranes from Emerald City would run out of light after half an hour! Although he was still stoic on the outside, his mind was actually in full throttle after seeing the product.

Lark stood up. “I’ll leave these two here. Consider them as a gift. Verify yourself if what I’m telling is the truth.”
Wait, he was leaving just like that? What about the deal? This young man did not even haggle for any money! Big Mona realized that this person in front of him was no simple brat. This technique was something he was very familiar with – if you wanted to take control, take the reigns, make the opposition want more.

Of course, Big Mona have no intent of letting him take charge of this deal just like that. “Then, we’ll end the discussion here.” There was no hint of tremor and hesitation within his voice. “Come back here tomorrow. At the same time.”
“Tomorrow, huh? We’ll see.” Lark scratched his chin and fell silent for a few moments. “I’ll be staying in this city for a week. There’re some places I need to visit.” He did not budge an inch against the reticent merchant. “If we’re unable to meet again, just consider those as my gift.”

Big Mona understood that this was him indirectly saying that he could sell these peculiar stones to other merchants if things did not go well on this side. He did not like how things were progressing – with this young man taking the helm – but he got to admit that this guest was no pushover.
The two stared at each other, gauging each other’s intents.

“Then, I’ll be taking my leave,” said Lark. “It’s been a pleasure meeting you, Sir.”
As Lark was about to leave the room, Big Mona stood up and hastily said. “Just tell me one thing. How much kalranes are you able to supply this city?”

“This city? That’ll be too short-sighted.” Lark grinned. “I plan on supplying light stones to the entire Kingdom.”

Chapter Twenty-Five


After Lark left the Merchants Guild, Big Mona summoned several of his men.
“Investigate that man,” said the fat merchant. “Make sure you aren’t spotted.”

The men bowed and disappeared from sight. Big Mona knew the capabilities of those guys. Their ability to acquire information from a target was second only to the Information Merchant. As long as the opponent was not a Lord Knight or a Royal Court Magician, they would be able to successfully retrieve information in the end.
Big Mona stared at the small crystal. Even now, it was still emitting bright light. It was as though the sun descended into this room, illuminating everything with a bright azure glow. He could not believe that this phenomenon would continue for several hours more. A normal kalrane stone would have started dimming by now after emitting such energy.

He noticed the peculiar symbols carved on the petals of the crystal. It was probably engraved using a chisel or a knife, he was not sure. Still, he knew that those symbols were somehow responsible for this peculiar phenomenon.
If what the Lord of that small town was saying was true, then this would be a great potential market in the future. Big Mona could already see it – a world devoid of night. A world where people could still work normally all throughout the day. A city filled with unending sun.

“Of course, this should be monopolized by the Merchants Guild.” Big Mona licked his lips. “If he refuses to sell them exclusively to us, we’ll just have to kill him and take over the Kalrane Mine. He’s just the Lord of a small town, after all.”
Big Mona was aware that Lark Marcus had been thrown away by his father to that desolated town. He was sure that even if that noble was killed, his family would not bat an eye. Rather, they might even reward him for finally getting rid of such nuisance.
“But of course, if he proves himself useful, then being partners might be the better deal,” said Big Mona. “Let’s wait and see.”


***



After leaving the Merchants Guild, Lark felt several men following him. It was something he expected given how shrewd the Head of the Merchants Guild was.

Only seven of them?

Lark almost chuckled. These guys could not even properly hide their presence. For now, Lark decided to enjoy their tail. After all, even if they followed him all throughout his stay in this city, they would not be able to glean anything useful from him. On the contrary, it would be beneficial to him after this information was passed on to the fat merchant.

“Go back to the inn,” he said to Clark and the rest of the servants. They had been waiting for him all this time outside the Merchants Guild. “There’s somewhere I have to visit after this.”
“But sir—” said one of the guards. “That’s an order. Go.”
Under his piercing gaze, the guards and the servants conceded. They started boarding the carts.
“Here.” Lark gave the Head of the Guards a pouch. “Some pocket money. Once you’ve secured the kalranes in the inn, go out and look around the city. Have some fun.”
The guards looked at each other. Who would have thought that a day would come wherein the Young Master would become this benevolent to his subordinates? They noticed it before, but slowly, the Young Master was changing. The demonic noble that would harass commoners have disappeared.

“What? Don’t want it?” Lark chuckled upon seeing the surprise on his men’s faces.
“Ah, of course.” The Head of the Guards received the pouch. A soft clanking sound rang out inside. “Young Master, t-thank you.”

“This is normal.” Lark waved a hand. “I’ll be here for dinner. Be sure to be back in the inn by then. Of course, some of you have to stay behind to look after the goods we’ve brought with us. But don’t worry, you’ll have your turn tomorrow.”
After seeing the carts off, Lark raised his hands and stretched his limbs. He broadly smiled. This was a fairly large city, probably fifty times the size of Blackstone Town. Although it was vastly inferior to the Magic Empire back in his previous life, it was leaps and bounds more prosperous than his small town. Numerous stalls were seen here and there, with merchants and customers haggling with each other. The roads were cobbled. Every now and then, a group of soldiers would patrol the streets. Over all, this place was peaceful.

Five guys left huh?

Out of the seven guys that were tasked to tail him, two disappeared and followed Lark’s servants. He did not really worry about them stealing his goods, since it would not in any way benefit the fat merchant. Those guys were probably tasked to simply observe him.

“Now then, I’m getting a bit hungry,” he mumbled. He could smell the scent of roasted meat. Upon looking around, he saw a stall selling grilled food. He licked his lips and went there.
“How much?”

The vendor flipped the skewered meat on the grill. “Nine coppers each.” Lark’s stomach growled. “Give me ten of those.” He handed a silver coin.
The vendor grabbed several skewered meat from the grill and placed them inside a paper bag. He handed Lark his change.
“Keep it,” said Lark. “In exchange, could you tell me where I can find a library in this city? Even a small one would do.”

The vendor quickly pocketed the change. “You’re not from this city, huh?” He pointed at a tall tower that cast a shadow over the city. “See that over there? That’s the Tower of Pollux. There’s a library inside. It’s open for
everyone as long as you pay several silvers, but the floors above it are restricted only to the Magicians of this city.”

“Tower of Pollux,” repeated Lark. It had a nice ring to it. “Thank you.”

“It’s nothing,” dismissed the vendor. “Come again tomorrow. I’ll give you an extra.”

Lark chuckled. “I’ll do that.”

Still holding the bag filled with meat, Lark went towards the direction of the tower. He could still feel numerous presences following after him. Somehow, this was amusing.

He leisurely strolled through the busy streets until he reached the tower. On closer inspection, it was far bigger than he thought. The entrance was open, with occasional cloaked figures coming and going. They all wore the same crests on their backs. Lark surmised that those were the magicians the vendor was talking about.
Lark entered. Immediately, a short man wearing an over-sized coat came to him. He looked at Lark from head to foot.

“This is the first time I’ve seen you,” said the man. “I’ve good memory, ya see. Been living in this city for several decades.” He momentarily looked at the pouch on Lark’s waist. “A noble from another city, perhaps?”
Lark did not answer the question. “I heard there’s a library in this place.”

The short man did not pursue his interrogation any further. “There’s three, actually. But only one’s available to the public. Ya need to pay fifteen silvers to enter.”
“Fifteen silvers,” muttered Lark. Considering the level of education in this world, it was a fairly cheap price. After all, books were almost non-existent in his domain. Of course, to commoners, it was a fairly expensive commodity. “How about the other libraries?”

“Don’t think about entering those places at the higher floors.” The short man shook his head. “The Magicians will rip you to shreds. The place’s forbidden to outsiders.”
It was the same to what the vendor told him a while ago. For now, Lark decided that he’ll visit the library on the lower floor.
“Fifteen silvers. Pay upfront if you want to enter.” The short man opened his palm. Seeing the slightly surprised expression of Lark, he added, “What? I may not look like it but I’m a first class warrior, lad. I’m here to make sure visitors pay.”

Lark fumbled through his pouch and took out exactly fifteen silvers. After receiving the money, the short man gave Lark a green card. “Here’s the pass. Green will give you access to the library on the second floor. You’ll need red card to access the other two above. But like I’ve said before, don’t even bother trying to go up. You need to return the card to me when you go out.”
In short, the visitors need to pay fifteen silvers every time they visit the library. Lark was sure that only nobles and merchants could afford such luxury.

After receiving directions, Lark climbed a flight of stairs and entered the second floor.
First class warrior? He couldn’t even detect the five guys following me around.

Even now, the guys pursuing him were perfectly hidden from other people’s eyes. Even the short guy that proclaimed himself to be a seasoned veteran failed to notice their presence. Lark was a bit disappointed. He somehow wished that the short guy notices them and creates a commotion in the tower. It would have been a hilarious moment.
“So, this is the library?” he breathed. Although the place itself was huge, the shelves were filled with very few books. Lark showed his green card to the man wearing a cloak right next to the entrance.

“Enter,” said the man.

After Lark took a few steps inside, the man said, “Wait.” Lark turned around. He stared at him.
The man wearing a cloak frowned. He looked left and right, his eyes scanning the surroundings. Eventually, he said, “Nothing. Must be my imagination.” He waved a hand and wordlessly told Lark to go on.
Lark was sure that the man felt the presence of his pursuers during that single moment they entered the library. It was really amusing.

“Books, finally!” he excitedly went towards the nearest shelf. The people inside the library could be counted in just a hand. It was something expected considering the entrance fee.
Lark searched through different book titles. Eventually, he picked a particular book, went towards a table and sat.

History of the Continent of Quanan

The title of the book would make any student cringe in disgust. But to Lark, it was a treasure trove. His first step in finding out the truth of this new world. He opened the book and dust flew everywhere. The smell of parched ground wafted through the air. Lark smiled at this.

This book is one of the fifteen records of the Grand Historian, Gustav Chavalion.
He flipped through the next page.

I, Gusav, have seen it all. The records of the old have been passed down to me through the Eye of Magic. I have seen wars in the eyes of soldiers, of demons, of beastmen, of divine creatures. Someone has to record this down in history. Someone has to reveal to the world the truth that dawned upon the mortals.
Numerous texts have faded away, probably from age. Lark had no choice but to flip through the next few pages.

…Shepard lost her life in the battle against the Demon God Kalkarus. The battle took a million lives. The Kingdom of Hanya has been ravaged to the ground. Those that survived fled into the far south, into the direction of the Land of the Savages. The Eye of Magic has told me that today’s not the end of humanity. The Eye of Magic has told me that the survivors will prosper in the Land of Savages and establish kingdoms anew. I will probably be dead by then, but humanity will rise once again.
Lark kept reading, unaware of how much time had passed.

…The Demon God Kalkarus entered his slumber. The Institute of Magic founded by the Grand Magician Pollux has produced five heroes. The
demons are being wiped out one after another…

…In the far north, a new king ascended the throne. A beastman. He successfully conquered twenty tribes through sheer strength alone. The United Grakas Alliance has been born.
…I am slowly dying. The Eye of Magic has started eating away my soul. But I have no regrets. I still have time. I have written nine books. I will keep writing down the history of this world until my last breath…

…Three of the five heroes perished in battle. The demons have gathered their strength. The remaining heroes are desperately defending the front. The Institute of Magic has been ravaged to the ground.
There were blotches on the pages every now and then. Lark was sure that it was blood.

“Time’s up,” said a voice. “We’re closing.”

Upon looking, Lark saw the cloaked man from before. Through the windows, he noticed that it was already dusk. Time flew by so fast as he was so immersed in the book he was reading.

There was no longer anyone around the place, except for the cloaked man and Lark – and the still hiding pursuers.
It must have been really boring, watching a man read a book all day long.

Lark’s lips rose upon this thought. He could only sympathize with those men hiding in the shadows.
“Damn. And I was so close to finishing it all.” Lark stretched his arms. “Can I take it home?”

“Stop kidding around. We’re closing,” spat the man. He looked at the book on the table. “The History of Quanan? I’m pretty sure the antique shop near the border alley sells copies of that.”
“Copy?” Lark had not expected that such technology would exist in this Kingdom. After all, the people in his domain did not even know that the proper concept of mana.

“You think that’s the original?” jeered the man. “That’s a copy, kid. Ever since the Magic Academy started using that book for their school, several
copies have been released in the market. It’s become hot stuff a few years ago.”

“I see.” It explained why such an important book was stored away in this run-down library that almost no one entered. What amazed Lark the most was the quality of these so called ‘copies.’ Even the blotches and the stains were copied into these parchments, making him think it was the original.
“How much are these things sold nowadays? Any ideas?” said Lark.

“Several gold coins. Don’t ask me and just go. We’re closing already, damn it.” The man took the book on the table and pointed at the door. “Leave.”
“I paid several silvers for this,” sighed Lark. “I’ll be back tomorrow.”

After leaving the tower, Lark was filled with various thoughts. He was bothered by the names he read in the book.
“Kingdom of Hanya,” he mumbled. “I could recall a city with that name before. But a Kingdom? And the name of Pollux was recorded in that book. If it’s him, it wouldn’t be surprising if he founded an Institute of Magic. But Pollux’s a fairly common name. It could be a coincidence.”

Lark ruffled his hair in annoyance. “Damn it! I need to read more of those history books!”
His sudden shout took the men hiding in shadows by surprise. Lark clearly felt one of them jump in reflex. He suppressed his urge to laugh at this.

Those guys are persistent. Isn’t it about time they return to the fat merchant? For now, I’ll just go back to the inn and check on my guys.

Chapter Twenty-Six


Another day quickly passed. Lark once again spent his day inside the library. Finally, he finished reading the book written by the Grand Historian. To his dismay, the events recorded in that book were focused on the war of demons and mortals. The history of how several Kingdoms were founded were written too, but he was unable to find a definitive clue whether or not this was the same world or a different one entirely.
My only lead is the magician called Pollux. He’s supposed to have founded that so-called Institute of Magic.

According to the book, the Institute of Magic founded by Pollux held enough strength to rival an Empire. If he looked further, he should be able to find records about it.
Lark went to the man guarding the lower floor of the library. He asked him where he could find records about the Institute of Magic.

“Pollux? Institute of Magic?” said the man. He yawned. “Easy enough. After all, this tower’s named after that great magician. See those shelves over there?” He pointed at the shelves near the back. “Turn right after that one. If my memory serves me correct, there should be records about him over there.”
“Thank you.”

Lark went towards the shelf the man indicated. After brushing away the cobwebs, he looked through the titles. He picked two books and went towards the nearest table.
Pollux, the Millennium Magician.

The title of the book made Lark wonder what kind of person the magician was, for him to be given such title by historians. He started flipping through the pages and was struck speechless by what he read.
More than a thousand years ago, there existed a group of magicians capable of toppling Kingdoms on their own. Each of those magicians held enough might to fight against a dragon. The records of the old said that
those people have reached the pinnacle of magic, a height never seen before.

Leanne, Deity of the Desert. Pollux, the Millennium Magician. Kubarkava, the Dragon Devourer. Loumen, King of Beasts.
Leonard, God of Fighting. Qeurvanu, God of Poison. Uurvesk, the Great Emperor. Dantes, Ruler of Fire…
These magicians, who were considered invincible in their own might, have one thing similar –
—They were all under the tutelage of a single person. A magician known to be the absolute strongest. The Arcane God – Evander Alaester.

After the death of their master, these invincible magicians went on their separate paths. Loumen, the King of Beasts, confronted the Demon Lord in the south and lost his life. Dantes, the Ruler of Fire, sacrificed his own life to resurrect the Phoenix. To this day, the whereabouts of the divine creature remained unknown. Leonard founded his own school, the Martial Arts school located in the Savage Land. Uurvesk conquered several small Kingdoms and founded the Great Empire.
In an attempt to revive their master, the Devourer of Dragons and the God of Poison conducted a ritual to open the gates to the Realm of the Dead. Unfortunately, the spell failed and the two lost their lives in the process. After their deaths, Leanne went back to the desert and created the White Stream Oasis, an absurdly large paradise where water and food never ran out.

Pollux, the oldest of all disciples, founded the Institute of Magic. There had been records that time indicating that Pollux successfully completed the Ritual of the Immortal. The ritual extended his life for another several hundreds of years, before he finally perished at the age of more than a
thousand. As the oldest human in history, he was granted the honorary title – Millennium Magician.

Before the Institute of Magic was destroyed in the Fifth Great War against the Demons, it nurtured numerous geniuses that soon led different Kingdoms and Empires.
It was suffice to say that out of all the disciples of the Arcane God, Pollux engraved his name the most in history of humankind. His a thousand years of existence paved the way to the prosperity of magic.

Lark breathed in heavily. The things written in this book struck him speechless. He felt his chest tightening from shock.
So many questions ran through his head, but one thing was sure now: this was the same world, but a different timeline. If he went according to the dates in the books he read, then it had been more than a thousand and a half years since he died.

But why did he suddenly reincarnate now? And in the body of this noble at that? Did it have something to do with the attempt of Kubarkava and Quervanu to revive him? He was not sure. He held no answer right now.
And Pollux…

So, he successfully completed the spell I left behind before my death.

Lark was not sure if he should be happy or sad about this truth. That very same spell was the one that cursed his soul and led him to his death. Although he was sure that Pollux was unable to perfect the spell he created since he still died from age, he was certain that his disciple somehow managed to complete the spell.

Lark continued reading the book. After finishing all of the available titles related to his disciples, he finally came to a conclusion.
“Agh! This is driving me crazy!” he shouted as he ruffled his hair. The things he learned after reading those history books drove him nuts.

He felt the piercing glare from the guard.

“If you’re not going to shut that mouth, get out!” he snarled. “It doesn’t matter if you’re the only person here right now. This is a damn library. Shut up!”
“Sorry,” breathed Lark. The furious guard quickly faded away from his mind. His head was filled with various thoughts – thoughts of the fate of his disciples. Reading about their lives felt surreal, as though he actually went with them throughout that journey.

Lark knew that they were all dead by now. After all, more than a thousand years have passed since then.
“If I was reincarnated a bit soon. Around five hundred years ago, then maybe…”

Maybe, he could have met Pollux again, at the very least. He wanted to personally ask him why he performed the ritual that took the life of his master. Why such a sincere disciple like him extended his lifespan despite knowing the risks. Lark also wanted to see what kind of Institute of Magic he built. If it was Pollux, then he would have surely focused on support magic.
My disciples paved the way for the next generation. They created the path for the future magicians. But why is it that the level of magic in this era’s like this? If the teachings of those guys have indeed spread far and wide, why is that common people don’t even know the proper concept of mana?

Lark could not correlate the things he had read to what he was experiencing right now in this life. After all, a basilisk was already considered a Calamity Level beast in this Kingdom. Back in the Magic Empire, monsters like that would be eradicated in the blink of an eye.
It’s unfortunate that my current shell’s unable to move according to my will. I had to let the female basilisk go back then. Otherwise, it’ll be too dangerous for this weak body.

A creature like a basilisk held a decent-sized magic core inside of their bodies. It would have greatly help Lark in expanding his mana had he gotten his hands on it. It was unfortunate, and he decided that he would hunt that monster down once he finished training his new body.
It’ll take several years before I finish expanding the mana pool of this body to a decent level. Maybe the Head Merchant knows where I can find high grade mana stones? I’ll ask him later.
Lark looked out the window. It was getting dark, probably an hour or two before dusk.

Originally, he planned on touring the city. But he no longer have the energy for that. After the shocking revelation, he simply wanted to lie down on the bed and rest, and think of various things.
He was surprised that only Loumen openly confronted the Demon Race after he died. It was a completely unexpected outcome considering the hate Leanne and Pollux have towards the demons.

What made them forgo of their hatred and live on normally after his death? Why did Dantes try to revive the Phoenix? Even Leonard, who used to hate associating with other people, founded his own Martial Arts school.
So many questions without an answer.

After putting the books back to their proper shelves, Lark wordlessly left the library. As expected, the men tailing him quickly followed suit.
Lark looked back and stared at the tower named after Pollux. According to most historians, Pollux was among the greatest magicians that have ever roamed this land, probably even greater than his master – Evander Alaester himself.

The bald, old man that used to follow him around have accomplished so much after Lark’s death. Lark felt proud and at the same time crestfallen that he was unable to witness that day.
Lark heaved a sigh. “I guess I’m not such a bad teacher, after all.” He smiled softly. “My disciples have accomplished so much in their lives. I only wish I could be there to congratulate them.”

Lark noticed that tears have started forming at the corner of his eyes. He rubbed them off. “Damn, I’m getting sentimental.”
After one last look at the tower, Lark went back to the inn and immediately fell asleep.

Chapter Twenty-Seven




Big Mona received the report of his men. After tailing Lark for two days, they did not see anything out of the ordinary. The same went for his servants and guards. On the contrary, the routine of the noble was so mediocre that they doubted it at first, thinking that the young man was faking it. After all, it was not frequent to see a man so absorbed in reading books that he sat inside the library for more than a dozen hours, unmoving.

After checking the contents of the books the young man read, they found out that it was nothing but history. The information inside were nothing special, probably something mandatorily taught to schools for the nobility.
“Books, huh?” mumbled Big Mona. “Are you sure that’s all he did during these past two days?”

Even the fat merchant couldn’t believe it. After all, the young noble gave off the impression of a shrewd fox. He could not understand why such person, who came from a faraway town, would spend two of his precious days in the city inside a library – reading history books.
“We’re sure,” said the leader of the group. “We’ve been watching him even as he slept. We’ve also watched over his men. Aside from the guards spending some money on brothels, they did nothing unusual.”

If possible, Big Mona wanted his men to find out how the young noble made the kalranes absorb so much energy from the sun — how he made these light stones shine so bright for such a long period of time.
“Ah, also a messenger from the Lord of the city came here.” Big Mona raised a brow. “And?”
“He asked me to give you this.”

The envelope was sealed with the crest of the Lion City. Big Mona ripped open the envelope and read the letter inside.
“It’s the same request,” said Big Mona. “I’ll be needing a dozen beastmen. Women, children, it doesn’t matter.”
“It’s that time of the year again, huh?” said the masked leader. “Understood. We’ll deliver it to the Lord.”

Every year, a month after winter ends, the Lord of the Lion City would request several beastmen from the Merchants Guild. Big Mona was well aware of the fate of those slaves, but he couldn’t care less. Even though he knew that they would be eaten by Lord of the Lion City to satiate his carnal desires, he would gladly sell them to him in exchange of vast amounts of money.
Several of the bigwigs in the Merchants Guild knew of this, but they kept quiet. After all, although the Lord have this peculiar desire for the meat of beastmen, he was a competent ruler. In just a few years after he assumed the position of the Lord, the Lion City prospered and quickly became one of the major cities of the Kingdom.

Two knocks were heard outside the door. A servant spoke, “Sir, the son of Duke Drakas is here.”
Big Mona consciously fixed his tie. “Same place. Bring him to the room on the second floor.”

“As you wish.”

After his men finished their reports, Big Mona climbed the flight of stairs and went towards the room on the second floor. Just like before, a young noble, probably in his middle teens, awaited him while sitting on the couch.

“How’s it?” Lark smiled the moment Big Mona entered. After the door shut tight, he added, “It’s more than a day, right? I’ve made sure those samples would light up for a long period of time.”
“A day and seven hours to be exact.” Big Mona sat on the couch, his body sinking several inches in. “I doubt any kalranes from Emerald City’s capable of that.” He placed the samples given by Lark onto the table. “Those symbols engraved on the kalrane crystal – it’s the reason for that phenomenon, right?”

“That much is obvious.” Lark took the smaller sample and played with it using his fingers. “A normal kalrane wouldn’t function like that otherwise.”
As expected, Big Mona’s conjecture was spot on. He studied the young noble before him. Although the trick behind the kalranes was revealed, he remained unbaffled, as though he expected it.

“You do realize that I can simply copy those symbols, no?” Big Mona’s voice was grim, almost threatening. “Even if you protest against it, I can simply shut your lips. Even your father wouldn’t notice.”
Lark looked at the fat merchant, his eyes filled with amusement. He chuckled, “Is that supposed to be a threat?” Lightning crackled on the fingertips of Lark. After it channeled through the kalrane stone, the gem lit up for a split second then burst into minute pieces. Lark felt the men hiding in the shadows immediately move after that.

“What are you doing?” Big Mona glared. He raised a hand, signaling his men to stop and stay hidden for now.
Lark did not shrink and simply looked at the fat merchant in the eyes. “There’s no need to tell your men to keep hiding. I couldn’t care less anyway even if they’re here.”

That statement baffled Big Mona. His pupils dilated for a moment, but he immediately regained his composure.
But how did this young noble know that there were assassins hiding in the shadows of this room? Those men were warriors capable of competing even with low ranking knights. There was no way a noble dubbed as ‘incompetent’ by everyone would be able to sense them.

But the lightning. It’s clear that this brat knows a bit of magic. And silent magic at that.
Big Mona stormed his mind for possible explanations. For now, he decided to feign ignorance.

“Men? What are you talking about—”

Lightning shot from the fingertips of Lark and hit the wall next to the door. It was so sudden that Big Mona reflexively jumped up from his couch. After several seconds, coughing sounds were heard in the room as a figure clad in black emerged from the place the lightning hit. He wobbled for a moment but managed to remain standing.
“That’s what I’m talking about,” said Lark. “There are nine of you. Come out, little pups.”

Big Mona did not like what was happening. He could feel his grip on the negotiation table slowly slipping away from him.
“Show yourselves,” said Big Mona.

One after another, figures clad in black appeared next to the fat merchant. They grabbed the hilt of their swords as bloodlust seeped out of their bodies.
“Your orders, sir?” said the leader.

“Stand over there for now.” Big Mona pointed at the wall.

“Understood.” The leader lowered his head. The assassin group went towards the wall and remained standing there, unmoving, eyes fixated on Lark.

Big Mona sat again on the couch. He stared at Lark. “How?”

“They’ve been tailing me for two days now,” said Lark. The black figures obviously flinched upon that statement. Big Mona bewilderedly looked over their direction. “Of course, I’ll notice.”

Lark sighed. “Hey, it’ll be quite troublesome to make an enemy of a big wig like you, but listen – there’s no way for you to copy those symbols and inscriptions on the Kalranes. I’m pretty sure of it. I’m here to make a fair deal with you. You’re a merchant, right? It should be obvious by now that you’ll make loads of money from this.”
If Lark had said these moments ago, back when he had not yet shown his abilities, Mona would have easily brushed it off as a joke. But now, he had this impression that this young noble was telling the truth. If there was a special method known only to him, and that it would be impossible for others to copy the symbols on the kalranes, then it would explain why he willingly gifted these stones to the Merchants Guild.

Should he torture him and make him spit out information? Big Mona pondered for a while and eventually decided against it. The risk far outweighed the benefits. Furthermore, he was now unsure if the assassin group in this room would be capable of stopping him once he directly
attacked the merchant. After all, this was the first time someone easily saw through his men hiding in the shadows.

Although he would be unable to gain full monopoly in this deal, it would still be a good business proposition.
Big Mona finally decided.

“Alright,” sighed Big Mona. His predatory eyes turned cordial. “I’m sorry for the behavior of my men before,” he brushed off the incident as though he never gave them the order at all, “Rest assured, they’ll stop following you after this.”
“And my men too,” added Lark. “Stop following them.”

Big Mona almost swallowed. “Of course.” He looked at the larger sample of the kalrane stone. “I’ll get straight to the point. Two golds and fifty silvers for large ones, a gold for the smaller stones. How’s that sound?”
“Three gold.” Lark raised three fingers. “A gold and fifteen silvers for the smaller ones.”

The price was within Big Mona’s set haggling limits. He pretended to ponder for a while before eventually bobbing his head. “Alright.”
Lark smiled and offered his hand. “Then, it’ll be a pleasure doing business with you from now on.”

Big Mona shook his hand for a few seconds. “You said before that you plan on supplying kalranes to the entire Kingdom. I want to hear more of that plan.”
“Of course,” said Lark.

Chapter Twenty-Eight


[United Grakas Alliance]



The United Grakas Alliance was a large country composed of seventeen major beastmen tribe.
Urkawi, a gorilla beastman and the Commander of the Third Legion, creased his brows as he read the reports sent from the front. His hairs stood on their edges as he shook in anger.

“Aleeexaandeer!” he roared, making the entire hall tremble. His adjutants flinched and avoided his glare.
This was probably the fifth time Alexander, the Mercenary Guild Master, toppled the beastmen’s advance towards the Kingdom of Lukas. As the leader of the Third Legion, all blame towards these defeats fell on Urkawi. He even received a warning from the Beast King, stating that if he failed to capture the Eastern Region of the Kingdom of Lukas, he would be stripped off his title as the Commander of the Third Legion. There were only six months left until the deadline.

Urkawi slapped the parchment on to the table, creating numerous cracks on it. “Phantomim.”
“Commander.” One of the adjutants, a leopard beastman, stepped forward. “The assassins we sent to kill Alexander?”
Phantomim almost swallowed upon seeing the glare from Urkawi. “W-We’ve lost contact with them, Sir.”
A suppressed growled escaped out of Urkawi’s lips. “Why are you reporting this only now? If the assassins were discovered this fast, then it’ll be easy to conclude that they’ve seen through our plans. No wonder our army’s unable to advance in the Valley of Witches!”
“Because you’ve told us to handle the assassination by ourse—”
“—Enough!” Urkawi spat. “Damn it! If only that damn Alexander didn’t exist! That shrewd human’s been winning battles left and right despite the huge difference in our numbers!”

It was a well-known fact within the Third Legion that Alexander have no more than two thousand men under his command right now. And using such a small army, they were able to block the attacks from the Legion which numbered more than fifteen thousand. This was clearly no small feat. All of the officials of the Legion wanted nothing but the death of that Mercenary Guild Master.
Since several months ago, the Third Legion have been the laughing stock of the armies within the United Grakas alliance, and the military officials could do nothing but swallow down the ridicules thrown at them left and right.

“Commander Urkawi.” A small voice spoke. It was a beastman from the rabbit tribe. “If you’ll permit this humble servant to speak.”
Urkawi furrowed his brows. This was his first time seeing this beastman. The Rabbit Tribe was known to be the weakest among the seventeen tribes.

Seeing the scrutinizing expression of the commander, the rabbit beastman bowed his head. “Ah, I haven’t introduced myself yet. Please do forgive me.” He smiled, showing two large teeth. His large eyes glimmered. “I go by the name of Fior, a member of the Rabbit Tribe. I was promoted to the position of assistant adjutant three days ago by the Beast King himself.”
By the Beast King himself? That was an outrageous claim.

“I’ve never heard of this,” said Urkawi. Seeing the expressions of the other officials, they too have never seen nor heard of this person before. “So, a greenhorn? You must be finding us funny and incompetent, knowing that we’re unable to win against a mere human despite the huge difference in numbers.”
The voice of Urkawi was grim, taunting. Any other beastman would have trembled by now after hearing it. But surprisingly, Fior remained unbaffled. He shook his head. “Not at all. I must say that the Third Legion did well during the attack on the Valley of Witches. After all, the humans used the Silver Moles to their advantage during that fight. To have come out of that
battle without so much deaths speaks loads of your competency, Commander.”

Urkawi did not know if this rabbit beastman was simply flattering him. “Silver Moles? You mean those monsters that hole themselves deep within the ground all seasons long?”
“Yes, exactly.” Fior bobbed his head.

Urkawi’s eyes slowly widened. Everything made sense now. The numerous pitfalls. The earth suddenly opening up and swallowing their warriors. The massive landslides. Those phenomenon were on a grand scale that they’ve never thought that it was done by the humans. After all, there was no magic capable of creating catastrophes of such level. But if the Silver Moles, monsters that naturally lived in the ground, became involved, it would be a different matter entirely. Urkawi heard that those monsters were capable of digging through the ground as though swimming through water.
“Silver Moles,” said one of the adjutants. “But how did they tame those monsters? And those things live underground. It’s really rare to even encounter them.”

Judging by the story of Fior, the humans have used several of those monsters, probably over a hundred in total.
“They probably have a monster tamer on their side. Just like you’ve said, encountering the silver moles are rare, but a monster tamer needs only one of them to get several others. Once he got his hands on a single one, it’ll be easy to find the rest.” The conjecture of Fior made sense. “I suggest that we assume that they have indeed gained control of the silver moles, which explains the reason why they chose to hole themselves up in the Valley of Witches. It’s basically a fortress, after all. And if they are to combine the ability of those monsters to alter the terrain, then that place will become impregnable.”

The head of Urkawi throbbed upon hearing this. “So, you’re saying that it’ll be near impossible for the Third Legion to capture that pivotal place – is that it?”
Fior shook his head. “No. What I’m saying is that it’ll be foolish to directly attack that fortress.”
One of the military officials angrily spat out, “This damn rabbit! So you’re telling us that we’ve been doing it wrong all this time, huh? This arrogan —”

Urkawi waved a hand, signaling the official to stop. He turned to Fior. “Since you’re telling us this, surely, you have an alternative? A solution to this deadlock.”
“Of course.” Fior’s voice was filled with confidence. He walked towards the map spread out on the table. “Currently, this is where our army is.” He slid his fingers up and pointed at an x mark. “This is where the humans are.”

“We know that.” One of the officials remarked.

Fior brushed the ridicule aside. “Commander, forgive my insolence, but what is the true goal of this Legion?”

There was silence. Urkawi eventually spoke. “To capture the Eastern Region of the Lukas Kingdom.”
“Exactly,” said Fior. “Defeating Alexander is secondary. Although losing the Valley of Witches is a terrible blow, it’s not like there’s no other way around this. I suggest this alternative.” His finger slid towards the east and stopped near the area marked with numerous trees. “The humans call this place the Endless Forest. It’s so massive that it’s basically a natural wall that protected the north-east part of the entire Kingdom. Based on the information I’ve gathered, there is a small town here situated near the Rile River.”

The military officers still have no idea what Fior was trying to say. The rabbit beastman diligently continued explaining to them. “There’s a hidden path here where our army can cross through. Basically, we’ll be giving up the Valley of Witches, make a small garrison over here in this area to protect our escape route, and capture this small town. It’ll take several weeks, probably even a month to cross over, but once we’ve captured this town, we can simply convert it into a stronghold without the humans knowing. It’s an isolated town, after all.”
Looking at the map, the area where the town was located was a strategic location almost comparable to the Valley of Witches. It was protected by the
Endless Forest at the rear and was only several days away from the Lion City. If they managed to successfully convert it into a stronghold, they would be able to focus all of their forces towards the front, with such a large forest serving as shield in their backs.

“But if that damn Alexander notices our plans…” said one of the officials.

“It doesn’t matter.” Fior smiled shrewdly. He pointed at an area in the map, specifically at the path towards the town. “If they choose to stop our army from building the fortress, the garrison over here can simply attack the Valley of Witches. He’ll be stuck in protecting it. Knowing the humans, they’ll definitely choose the Valley over the small town. It’s an obvious decision, after all.”

Urwaki was silent for a moment, his mind filled with various thoughts. By far, this was an ingenious plan. He could not believe that such a brilliant tactician was unknown until now. He could see why the Beast King personally promoted this rabbit.
“Did the Beast King send you to this camp for this?” Urkawi had to ask. Fior smiled and nodded.
“Very well, we will go with this plan.” He turned to Fior. “How much warriors should we send to this side?”
“Four thousand warriors for the garrison, ten thousand warriors for the town,” said Fior. “Just to be safe, leave a thousand warriors near the Valley of Witches. It’ll keep those humans from poking around as we make our march.”

Chapter Twenty-Nine


After traversing the wilderness, Valak and his group finally arrived at their destination. Normally, the journey takes only two days, three at most by cart. But with so many emaciated villagers on their side, they had no choice but travel slowly, all the while slowly making the villagers regain their strength by feeding them. Thankfully, the young noble from before gave them enough meat and rations to last the journey.
“That’s Blackstone Town, huh?” said Valak. From here, they could make out the numerous houses haphazardly built in different directions. There were no walls, no watchtowers. It gave off the impression that it had never been attacked by monsters before.

“Hey, is this really fine?” said one of the villagers. “There’s almost a hundred of us here. I doubt this small town will be able to accommodate such number.”
This was also among the worries of Valak. Although the young noble told them that he was the ruler of this domain, they were doubtful if they would be welcomed by the citizens. After all, he and his fellow villagers were nothing but additional mouths to feed.

“I heard that there’s a forest near here,” said Valak. “If these guys don’t want us, we can simply build a new village at that place.”
His statement calmed the uneasiness within the hearts of the villagers. They have numerous excellent hunters with them, after all. As long as a Calamity Level Monster like the Basilisk did not appear, they would be able to survive all throughout any season.

“What’s that?” A villager pointed at three figures blocking the road.

Valak and his group halted. Each of the three figures were clad with a black, hooded cloak. From the gaps of their clothes, their armors glistened from the rays of the sun. Valak momentarily locked eyes with one of them and he felt his hairs stand on their edges.

These guys were dangerous. He was not even sure if they were human. His instinct screamed at him that they should not take any more steps from here.
The other villagers could probably feel it too, as silence befell everyone.

“Each of these guys are probably as strong as Anandra,” said Valak. His intuition was usually correct in times like these. His statement stirred the villagers. He said to the soldier accompanying them, “Judging by your expression, this is also your first time seeing those guys too.”
The soldier nodded. “There’s no way the soldiers in town’ll be able to afford those armors.”

Valak creased his brows. “I see.” He raised his voice. “We’re here under the orders of the noble ruling over this place! We’re refugees! We mean no harm in our coming here!”
His voice echoed for a moment. The three figures remained still.

“Maybe they’ll believe us if they see the letter,” said the village Elder. He walked towards the cloaked figures. And upon taking his third step, the three pulled out the swords on their waists, creating mellifluous unsheathing sounds.
Valak felt their murderous intents. This was dangerous. His instinct told him that even if they all attacked together, they would not be able to win against the three.

Holding their swords, the three started walking towards the villagers. Valak and the abled men immediately pulled out their bows and daggers. Women and children went towards the back.
“Damn it,” snarled Valak. “What are these guys? Knights?” He shouted, “Aren’t you listening?! We’re not here to fight!”

Just right when the three armored figures were about to attack, the pocket of the soldier accompanying them glowed. A soft buzzing sound was heard. Everyone looked at the direction where the sound came from.
The soldier took out the palm-sized tablet in his pocket. It was the thing given to him by the Young Master before they parted ways before.

Upon seeing the tablet, the three armored figures froze. Moments lingered and they sheathed their weapons. They turned around and ran away from sight. Valak and the rest of the group were dumbfounded of the sudden turn of events.
“What the hell was that?” mumbled Valak. He said to the soldier, “They seem to have reacted to that stone.”

By now, the tablet lost its glow. The soldier continued holding it, as though it was a talisman to ward away those dangerous beings. “The Young Master told me that this thing’s a pass. So, he meant it like that…”
The soldier finally understood a little bit of what the Young Master tried to convey. Had he not brought the tablet with them, these refugees would have been slaughtered by now – him included. He shivered at the thought. But who were those armored men? Each of them were huge, probably more than two meters in height. He was sure that none of the soldiers were like that.

“Elder, the Young Master gave you a letter for Sir Gaston, right?” said the soldier.
The Elder nodded. “Yes.”

“Then let’s go straight to the Mansion.”

The group entered the town. Contrary to their expectations, the town was not decrepit at all. The streets were cobbled, just like those seen in large cities. Even if it rained, it wouldn’t be too muddy. Although small, the people living in this place blazed with life. They refugees expected the citizens of Blackstone Town to be skinny and famished, but reality gave a different picture.

The residents of Blackstone Town walked with purpose, their gaits firm and lively. Some children played on the streets, while the adults pulled carts filled with woods and stones. They saw dozens of men wearing leather armors running while carrying their spears.
“Soldiers?” mumbled Valak.

Normally, a town as small as this would not have such number of soldiers. The local lord would frequently have only a handful of people to protect him, about a dozen guards at most. Furthermore, each of those soldiers were wearing full leather armor, coupled with spears and short swords.
“Halt!” shouted one of the soldiers. Immediately, the men holding spears stopped in their tracks and rigidly stood.
The one that shouted the orders approached Valak and his group.

“I am Qarat, Captain of the Blackstone Soldiers,” he said. “Name yourselves.”
The Elder stepped forward. “Greetings, Sir. We are from the Mahelpa Village west of here.”

“Mahelpa?” said the soldier. He obviously never heard of it.

The Elder started explaining the circumstances, the events that eventually led them to this place.

After listening to the story, the soldier rubbed his chin and nodded. “I see. The seal on the letter’s indeed from the Marcus Family.” He turned to the soldier that accompanied the refugees. “The Young Master? How’s he?”
“We parted ways near the plains. He’s probably at the Lion City now.”

“Is that so?” said Qarat. He pondered for a moment. “The Young Master is wise. He probably has his reasons for allowing this group to come here.” He pointed at a street. “The Mansion’s just beyond that one. Turn left after that wooden cabin then keep walking. Sir Gaston usually goes out to check the farms by noon. If you hurry, you’ll still be able to meet him.”
The Elder lightly bowed his head. “We are grateful, Captain.”

Qarat embarrassingly scratched his cheeks. “Then… the soldiers are waiting for me.”
After Qarat returned, the soldiers once again started running while holding spears in their hands. It was a beautiful sight, seeing numerous men wearing uniform clothes running during broad daylight.

“Last year, a merchant that passed through our village told me that this is a ghost town,” said the Elder. He shook his head, as though dismissing the thought.
It was evident that the merchant was wrong.

Chapter Thirty


Two days passed since the refugees entered the town. After meeting with Gaston, it had been decided that their group would stay at the Eastern Border, near the construction site. Since the Young Master specifically stated that they should provide homes to the wounded and emaciated, several complete houses were given to the newcomers. This eventually led to several local residents of Blackstone Town looking at them with contempt. Soon, friction started forming between the two groups.
Anthony hummed as he pulled the empty wooden wheelbarrow. His gait was filled with purpose. Ever since the Mine in the Endless Forest was discovered, he started helping out with various mundane tasks like cleaning the mining equipment and delivering food.

Today, his task was to deliver food to the miners. He stopped by the Mansion and filled the cart with rations. It mostly consisted of commoner’s wheat, several dried jerkies, and fish. Even now, Anthony was still amazed that the Lord of the town kept opening the granaries for the citizens. Sometimes, Anthony worried that food would run out soon, but he was proven wrong everyday whenever he came to restock for rations.
I heard that the Young Master’s developing the northern farm lands. I heard one of the villagers say that we’ll be able to sustain ourselves this year after the harvest.

“Big Brother’s right. The Young Master’s changed,” hummed Anthony. “He’s really a wise and benevolent Lord to this town.”
Several months ago, majority of the citizens of Blackstone Town despised the Young Master. He did many atrocious misdeeds and assaulted several villagers. But now, those that hated him numbered only in the few. Though still a child, Anthony was sure of this. He saved the starving and freezing locals, after all.

After getting the rations, Anthony went towards the Eastern Border, a path he needed to take to arrive at the Mine. Just like before, numerous
constructions were being done left and right. Workers poured cement on the ground, while some erected posts, pulled logs and stones.

This had been the usual scenario these past several weeks. Although the sound of hammer striking metal and stone was deafening, it was music to Anthony’s ears.
As Anthony passed through the construction site, he was greeted by some of the workers.

“Anthony! Working your ass so early in the morning again, eh kid?”

“Hey kid, could we have some of those jerkies? I’m sure those guys in the Mine wouldn’t mind.”

“No, this is for the miners!” Anthony stood his ground. “Uncle, if you keep slacking off like that, I’ll tell Sir Silver Claw!”
Upon hearing the name of the Mason, the workers tensed up and nervously looked around.

Anthony heard before from his brother that the Mason was really strict with work, but he had not expected it to this extent. A grin formed upon the lips of Anthony. He could use this to threaten these guys if he sees them slacking on the job.
“H-Hey don’t joke around! We’re doing our job, alright?”

“Then stop lazing around and get to work.” Anthony sighed. He really wished to help the Lord in developing the town. But for now, this was all he could do. He was still a child, after all.
“Ah, also what’s that over there?” Anthony pointed at a shabby tent near the constructed houses. He could see numerous unfamiliar guys come in and out of it.

The workers frowned upon looking at the place Anthony pointed at.

“The mutts,” mumbled one of the workers. “The guys that came here two days ago. We’ve finally convinced them to stay out of the finished houses.”

“Those damn bastards have the guts to occupy the houses meant for us locals. If not for Sir Gaston stopping us, we would have chased them out of this town already. Damn freeloaders.”
“Wait, isn’t the Young Master the one who ordered the allotment of those houses for the refugees?” said Anthony. “We’re going against the order of the Young Master by driving them out!”

Anthony could still remember the time when he first received the soup filled with wheat and meat during winter. If not for the Young Master, several locals would have starved to death during that time. Letting the refugees have several houses as their own seemed unfair for the locals, Anthony believed it too, but he knew that the Young Master must have his reasons for doing so. The Young Master was wise and benevolent, after all.
“You’re still a child, so you wouldn’t understand,” said one of the workers. “If we allow them to have the houses, they’ll think the locals are pushovers, that we’ll give up the homes meant for us just because the Lord told us to.”

“That’s right. We’ve been living here for several years! Why should we give them the finished houses first? Just because they have wounded people on their side? Then go blame the damn giant snake that attacked their village!”
“The Young Master must have been fooled by those bastards! Those guys should be grateful enough that we’re even allowing them to stay in this town!”

The tension within the air escalated quickly. Anthony was sure that the refugees could hear the curses even from this distance. He nervously glanced towards the large tent. Sure enough, one of the refugees finally had enough of the insults.
“Aren’t you bastards going to shut up?!” snarled the man. His brown beard was bushy, and after coming right in front of the workers that fired insults, his towering height became apparent.

The workers did not get intimated by the man’s glare. They stood up, grabbed some hammers and wooden poles and threateningly surrounded him.
“If you got problems, then stay the fuck out of this town,” said one of the workers. “You mutts should just be grateful that we’re allowing you to stay in this place!”

“That’s right! Go back to your village!”
The workers jeered. A vein popped out of the refugee’s forehead. He turned livid as his entire body trembled in rage. As he was about to punch the nearest worker, a raspy voice echoed.

“Valak!” shouted an elderly man.

Valak stopped his fist and turned around. “Ah, Elder.”

The Elder briskly walked towards him. “What are you doing?! We’ve all agreed to bear with it until Anandra wakes up! Do you think we can afford to camp out in the wilderness when Anandra’s in such a state?! And there’s still the debt we have to pay! We can’t just go without repaying the young Lord for his kindness!”
Valak lowered his head in shame. He was still livid from rage, but his trembling stopped entirely. He snorted, then turned around. “Let’s go, Elder.”

The Elder sighed. “This child…”

The two stopped in their tracks when a familiar voice spoke. “So, you’ve been waiting for me to wake up?”
Upon looking at the source of the voice, their eyes widened in disbelief. “A-Anandra!”
“What are you… You’re awake! It’s really you, Anandra!”
Valak and the Elder almost hugged the man before them. Unlike before, the strongest warrior’s face was no longer corroded. The skin that were missing before had grown back, fresh and new. His chest was still bandaged, but his handsome face radiated an air of strength and pride. His golden hair and eyes seemed to glimmer beneath the morning sun.
Several kids came running from the tent and surrounded Anandra. “Anandra! You’re finally up!”
“We were so worried!”

“I saw how you fought the basilisk! You were so cool back then!” “Thank you for protecting us!”
Despite the wounds on his body, Anandra bent down and hugged the kids. The sound of laughter filled the air as the refugees celebrated the recovery of their strongest warrior.

Anandra went towards the workers. “I understand where the anger’s coming from. On behalf of the villagers, I’m sorry for taking away the homes you’ve painstakingly built. We’ll be leaving this town soon.”
“Wait Anandra…”

“Elder, I’ve heard the conversations during the time I was recuperating. I have a general idea of what’s happening here during our stay,” said Anandra. “The village is the people. We can still build a new village in the nearby forest. I’m sure the Lord of this town wouldn’t mind—”
“—Rejected.” Silver Claw’s voice made all the workers tense up in reflex. Behind him was Gaston, the Chief Butler of the Young Master.

“I’ve heard that the friction between the two group’s been escalating recently,” said Gaston. The Butler was obviously displeased by what he saw. “The Young Master specifically told me to quell all discontent while he’s away. I can’t believe that you guys would quarrel over this petty stuff.”
“But the houses—”

“—Were all built using the Young Master’s money!” snarled Gaston. It was the first time they saw the butler so enraged. His fierce glare made them shiver. “You all worked hard in building it, but at the end of the day, the entire town is still under the domain of the Young Master! It is his property! An asset of the Marcus Family!”
Silver Claw nodded at this. “I can understand the source of resentment, but I’m sure you all know this – those houses are not yours. It’s the Young Master’s. Once this part of the town finished its construction, those houses will be given to the locals with a corresponding rent. It’ll not be given for free.”

“We’ve given the houses to the refugees in hopes that their wounded will be able to recover quickly! But what did you do?!” Gaston shook in anger. “You went against the orders of the Lord!”
“But—”
“—A punishment is in order,” said Silver Claw. “I can’t believe these blockheads dare go against the orders of the Young Master.”

Silver Claw have never seen such massive changes in a town within a short span of time. He had been long convinced that the Young Master was a wise ruler despite his age. The Mason was even sure that a few years from now, this town would prosper and become a splendid city.
“No free food for two days.” Silver Claw raised two fingers.

“Three days,” corrected Gaston. His piercing glare made the workers cower. “We can’t let guys like these – those that disobey the rules – be punished lightly. Remember, the food you’re eating for free every day came from the Young Master. The least you could do is obey his orders and help this town prosper!”
Gaston turned to one of the refugees. “Anandra, right? I’m really sorry for the behavior of these men. It’ll take time, but hopefully, you’ll be able to get along with them.”

Anandra slowly said, “Does that mean…”

“Yes.” Gaston nodded. “You are free to stay in this town. We’ll provide you with houses. That’s the order of the Young Master.”

The Elder was momentarily at loss for words. “W-We are grateful, Sir.”

“Ah, but it’s not for free,” said Gaston. “Just like the locals, you’ll have to pay for the rent. But the Young Master’s in need of several workers – men or women. You’ll be able to find a job in no time. And the Young Master specifically wants to hire Anandra for a certain job.”

Anandra and the Elder looked at each other. “A job.”

“Yes,” said Gaston. “Once you’re fully healed, the Young Master wishes to see your skill.”

The eyes of Gaston glimmered for a moment. “If you’re qualified enough, he wishes you to train the soldiers of this town.”

Epilogue


An owl flew through the open window of Zen’s room. It flew around for a moment before landing on the windowsill.
Zen took the letter attached to its leg, grabbed a dried fish and threw it to the owl. It immediately swallowed the fish and looked at Zen with expectant eyes.

“Here.” He threw another one. After the owl finished its second treat, it flapped its wings twice, jumped off the window and flew through the night.
Zen lit the lamp and started reading the letter. As expected, it came from Black Midas, the Assassin Group funded by one of the Dukes.

The message was clear: as one of the assassins based in the Lion City, his task was to infiltrate a town east from here and investigate the noble called Lark Marcus. If given the chance, kill the target.
“Lark Marcus,” mumbled Zen. For a moment, he stood there staring at the name written at the bottom of the letter. He was sure he heard that name before. After some thoughts, he realized the reason why it felt familiar.

It was the name of the noble that went to the Merchants Guild several days ago. The very same noble that struck a deal with Big Mona. Working as a clerk for the Merchants Guild was part of his way of blending into the crowd, so he knew.
If I’m not mistaken, that guy’s leaving the city soon. The leader tasked me to investigate him in the town, but since he’s already here…

Zen deemed that it would be easier to assassinate Lark in the city, since he brought only a handful number of guards with him here. Furthermore, being killed in a city as large as this would make it hard for anyone to pinpoint the culprit. After all, there were many gangs and several syndicates running around the dark streets.
With these in mind, Zen immediately donned a black get up, covered his face with a mask, and grabbed his weapons. After killing the noble, he would probably be forced to leave this city soon, but that did not matter.
Black Midas was his priority. His job as a clerk in the Merchants Guild was simply a façade and secondary.

He should still be in the city. If I’m going to kill him, now’s the perfect time.

Zen jumped out the window and landed softly on the ground. The chilling breeze of the night brushed against him. Although it was late in the evening, several people were walking through the streets – the city was still bustling with life.

Zen activated his magic and erased his presence. Using his skills, he blended with the night. He ran through alleyways and streets, eventually reaching the inn where the young noble was staying at.
There were no guards around and the door was wide open. The attendant on the desk was half asleep when he entered.

The logbook.

Literacy skills were mandatorily taught to all of the assassins of Black Midas. Zen looked through the logbook, searching for the room of Lark Marcus. After finding it, he immediately went up to the third floor and stopped in front of a room. The entire inn was quiet. Everyone was probably asleep.

Zen skillfully unlocked the wooden door and entered the room. It was pitch black, but his trained eyes could see everything clearly. On the bed, a young noble with silver hair was sleeping soundly.
He was young, probably twenty years his junior, but Zen did not feel a single hint of remorse. He would kill him here and fulfill the assignment given to him.

After confirming that the young man sleeping was the same noble that visited the Merchants Guild a few days ago, Zen creeped towards the bed and pulled out his poisoned dagger. He was about to stab him straight at the neck when a voice spoke.
“You’re not among the guys that followed me before,” said the voice. It came directly behind him, as though the owner was speaking directly to his ears. “Who are you?”
Zen stiffened. On reflex, he swung his dagger to the back and struck nothing but air. He looked around and saw no one. He looked at the bed and realized that the young man was gone.

“Answer me.” The voice was ice cold.

A cry almost escaped Zen’s lips when he felt a fist striking his abdomen. He bent in pain and looked around the room. No one was there.

Impossible! How could he, an elite assassin from the Black Midas be unable to detect the presence of his enemy?
Another fist struck him, this time hitting his face. His nose bent and blood spurted out of his lips. Still, he did not falter and remained standing still.

Where is he? Why can’t I see him?!

“Damn it,” spat Zen. He started activating his magic. A small magic circle glowed underneath his feet and runes span around. The symbols broke into numerous particles of light and his entire body started to become covered with lightning.

“My room’s going to burn if you do that,” said the voice.

To Zen’s surprise, the magic that covered his entire body started dissipating. My magic’s almost complete! It failed?!
Zen’s eyes widened when he realized that it was forcefully disrupted by the owner of the voice. But that’s absurd! Impossible! Only those with the rank of Royal Court Magicians were capable of such feat!
Shivers slowly crawled down his spine.

The leader of Black Midas told him that several assassins would be sent here soon, and his job was to get as much information about the noble until the time they arrived. He should have waited for them. He should have not acted so rashly. If he had known that the supposedly incompetent son of Duke Drakus was such a monster, he would have taken this slowly and carefully.

The temperature in the room suddenly dropped. Zen could not move. Looking below, he realized that half his body was already encased in ice, along with both of his hands.
The owner of the voice was still nowhere to be found.

“Not going to talk, huh?” said the voice. “Reading through your memories might not give me what I want. It’s random, fragmented info, after all.”
A cold hand grabbed his face. Zen felt the murderous intent behind it. He wanted to scream but no voice came out.

“Even tough guys like you will eventually speak once broken.” Pain shot through Zen’s entire body. He clenched his teeth as his entire body trembled from the excruciating pain. Tears streamed down his eyes as muffled groans escaped his lips.
“Let’s see the extent of your loyalty, shall we?” The voice was cold and piercing.

Zen screamed but no voice came out.



***



The “interrogation” consumed almost the entire Mana Pool of Lark. Surprisingly, it took him almost an hour before the man eventually decided to speak. He was half-dead by then, begging Lark to kill him.
Contrary to his initial speculations, the man was not sent by Big Mona. According to the assassin, he was part of a criminal group called Black Midas – an association owned by one of the three Dukes. He received an order from their leader to investigate him, and if given the chance, kill him.

But what surprised Lark the most was the motive behind it. It was not for ransom or gold, but due to something else —
– The competition for the throne.

According to the assassin, four year from now, the King would choose his successor among the sons of the three Dukes. As the second son of Lord Drakus, he was among the candidates for the throne.
So, my brother’s the strongest candidate right now and they’re hoping to use me bring him down.
Lark smiled wryly. Who would have known that such drama was going around while he was busy developing the town? Things have suddenly taken an interesting turn.

He chuckled.

“A King?” Lark looked out the open window. “I don’t really care about that. But if they’re going to come and attack me…”

His eyes were predatory.

Lark decided to crush anyone who would dare take his life or harm his town.

Afterword




Thank you for reading Legend of the Arch Magus! Please take the time to go to its Amazon page and leave a review. I’ll need at least 50 reviews before the system of Amazon promotes my work. Kindly help me on this part.


You can read the drafts here: www.patreon.com/crazyblackchili

Be warned that the chapters posted there are drafts, unproofread versions. If you are a grammar nazi, I advise against reading it on that page.
The next book will focus on the Legion of the United Grakas Alliance (15,000 strong army) versus Blackstone Town. Again, if you like my work, please leave a review. It’ll greatly motivate me to work faster.


Thank you!
