Lui was filled with sweat, his eyes no longer as calm as he used to be.

He anxiously looked at his little brother and upon seeing the cuts, bruises, and pallid skin of Lark, he trembled.

“A-Are you alright?” Lui’s stuttered. Those who knew the Silver War God would have been bewildered to see him this flustered. “I shouldn’t have listened to that Baron! He kept blocking the gate, insisting that we should wait for the red flare! And look at what happened! You almost di—”

“—The Baron did the right thing,” Lark slowly shook his head. He looked at the still burning grassland. At the scattered corpses. “And you know it too, brother.”
“But…”

Lui drooped his head. He knew that the Baron was right, but he could not help but tremble in rage as he watched Lark being pummeled by General Alvaren. He wanted to jump into the battle and help him, but doing so would compromise the opportunity to destroy the Alvaren Army. If he’d went out earlier, the Alvaren Army—still far from exhaustion—might have immediately turned tail and escaped unscathed.

“Two hundred.”

“Huh?” Lui looked at him quizzically.

“Over two hundred Magic Knights have died. Brother, this battle is definitely the Kingdom’s victory.”

The Magic Knights of the Empire were their trump card in this war, and almost half of that elite unit had perished in this battle. Lark knew that this loss would become apparent later on in battle. He initially planned a defensive battle for three weeks before launching an all-out attack against Yorkshaire, but with this sudden turn in events, maybe that would no longer be necessary. He planned on revising his plans and discussing it with the military officers later.

General Alvaren, that monstrous Magic Slayer was wounded. Almost half of his army perished and the rest were injured, and some even had missing limbs.

Now, all that was left was to find a way to deal with General Rizel. VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 20

A day had passed. Inside his room in Yorkshaire City, General Rizel read through the reports of his vassals. From weapons development, the supply line, training of the soldiers, reconnaissance, to even small incidences like brawls and tavern fights—everything was reported to him.
There were officers designated to each key position in his army, but General Rizel always made sure to look through the reports himself. There had been instances years ago when his vassals overlooked simple matters which turned out to be gravely important in battle. Since then, General Rizel made sure to allot a few hours every day to read the reports of his vassals.

Three loud knocks were heard. One of the soldiers entered the room.

After making a salute, he said, “G-General, the Alvaren Army has returned.”

General Rizel noticed the stuttering voice of the soldier, but decided to dismiss it. His scar-filled face was scary, and even bandits would freeze in horror upon seeing him back in his younger years.

“Is that so?” General Rizel did not lift his eyes from the document he was reading. He scowled. “Just in time, Alvaren’s been dumping all the paperwork on me lately. I’ll be sure to write a report about this to the Second Prince later.”

General Rizel slammed the documents onto the table, grabbed his goblet and gulped down its contents. He sighed. It was only then that he noticed the soldier’s pallid face, his quivering shoulders.

General Rizel stared at the soldier, prompting him to speak further.

“A-About the Alvaren Army.” The soldier swallowed dry spit.

General Rizel finally realized something was wrong.

“T-They’ve,” The soldier trembled even further upon seeing the General’s eyes. “They’ve lost half their soldiers. And t-those who’ve returned to the c-city are gravely injured, some are missing their limbs.”

General Rizel’s eyes widened for a moment. He grabbed his coat and strapped his sword to his waist. “Where are they?”

“At the temple, Sir.”
With brisk steps, General Rizel went toward the temple. All of the Kingdom’s priests had been locked down in the dungeon after they conquered this city, and now only the magicians of the Empire occupied the area.

Upon reaching the temple, General Rizel saw the numerous soldiers and mages moving about. Wounded knights from the Alvaren Army were being carried on portable beds, their armor torn and their bodies covered with numerous cuts and bruises. The unluckier ones were missing a limb or two.

“What… happened here?” General Rizel’s eyes swiveled left and right as he searched for someone in particular. “Where’s the old man?

Where’s General Alvaren?” he almost snarled. The soldiers who heard him trembled, especially seeing the Ghost of the Empire’s enraged eyes.

One of the mages approached him. “General Alvaren’s at the central temple right now. He’s sustained some… injuries and our healers are currently doing their best to—”

General Rizel did not wait for the mage to finish explaining things to him. He quickly made his way to the central temple. Upon arrival, he saw half a dozen healers surrounding an unconscious old man.

“Alvaren,” General Rizel softly muttered the old man’s name. “What happened? Who did this to you? To your army?”

By battle prowess alone, General Alvaren exceeded General Rizel by a large margin. If the two of them fought, General Rizel would have no choice but to simply run away. There was no way he could defeat this monster who could nullify all forms of magic. His mist would be rendered useless in an instant the moment the old man activated his glaive.

He could not believe that this Magic Slayer, who’d been dubbed as a demon in the battlefield by his enemies, was reduced to this state after chasing after the Kingdom’s army. Furthermore, he was accompanied by his elite unit— the Magic Knights. Even in the Empire, the number of units that could rival the Alvaren Army could be counted on one hand.
“What happened?” he asked one of the surviving Magic Knights.

The Magic Knight also had numerous injuries, but he was in a far better condition than the rest of his comrades. The Magic Knight looked at

his unconscious Lord, then turned to General Rizel. With a grim face, he recounted everything that transpired over the past several weeks. How they one-sidedly slaughtered the army led by Baron Zacharia. About how the Kingdom’s soldiers suddenly vanished from the map several days after that.

The Alvaren Army’s arrival at Akash City. The arrows capable of striking the enemies from great distances, the severing disks. The duel between Lark Marcus and General Rizel. The living suits of armor.

General Rizel simply listened, dumbfounded, as the Magic Knight recounted the story. He had not encountered all of those things when he visited Akash City to observe the Kingdom’s army.

“And then it happened,” the Magic Knight trembled. “A burning mountain… two of them! They suddenly appeared in the sky and fell toward our army! The General did his best to save us, to let us escape! But he… but he…”

The Magic Knight, a veteran of countless wars, finally broke down.

He silently sobbed. The trauma of the near-death experience, the sense of helplessness when faced against something capable of crushing the heavens, all of it came pouring into him like storm and he could no longer continue recounting the story.

General Rizel clenched his fist. The story of the Magic Knight was absurd, preposterous, but there had been numerous eyewitnesses to prove it.

But how was it possible? How could a single person cast a spell capable of leveling an entire city to the ground? That person would have to be on the same league as the leader of the Witches of Aravark.

No, even that necromancer wouldn’t be able to cast such a spell on her own.
General Rizel’s head started to throb. He sighed. “Summon all officers— captains and above. Tell them to gather in the Grand Hall two hours from now.”

The soldier next to him saluted. “Yes, General!”

General Rizel stared at the unconscious old man being treated by the mages. The Kingdom may suddenly attack them, at this time where they’re the most vulnerable.

“And tell the leader of the scouts to come to this temple. I need him to send messengers to the other Imperial Armies scattered around the region.”

“Understood!”

***

Another day had passed. After recovering his mana, Lark immediately resumed supervising the creation of the magic towers. Thousands of soldiers moved about, some carried stone blocks, logs, iron, while some chiseled the tower walls and engraved ores.

Right now, three towers were being built concurrently. Although he could probably build four at the same time, Lark did not want to be greedy and compromise the towers’ quality. He was only one person, and he knew there was a limit to his ability.

The first tower, located right at the Fifth District, was starting to gain height as days passed by. It was now four-stories tall; a little bit more and it would be the same height as the local Lord’s Castle. Right now, the first tower was becoming one of the main attractions in Akash. Numerous speculations about this unknown tower were spreading among the masses.

There were stories circulating in taverns that this weapon was the one responsible for the meteors which decimated the Alvaren Army, but the most popular conjecture was the tower’s ability to fire elemental magic at their enemies, at an absurdly large distance, just like the towers seen in Wizzert City. There were rumors that the City of Magic secretly agreed to
work with the royal family and that some of their magicians were secretly hiding in this city, supervising the creation of the magic towers.

“Ah, My Lord. I’ve finally found you.” Anandra walked toward Lark and bowed his head. “I’ve received reports from the scouts. There is movement from the nearby cities captured by the Empire. They also spotted several imperial soldiers building a garrison east from here, near the Furion Plains.”

“I know.” Lark did not take his eyes off the tower being built in front of him. He’d seen the group of soldiers, around fifteen of them, using the vision crystal this morning. “Tell the soldiers not to engage in battle. A mere garrison’s not enough to block this army if we decided to launch an all-out

attack on Yorkshaire City. The Empire knows it too. That garrison’s simply there to monitor our movements, they’ll surely retreat the moment they spot our army.”

Lark stared at the incomplete tower. Even if the Empire monitored their every movement, it wouldn’t matter. The moment these seven towers were finished, any form of resistance in the Empire would be futile. Just imagining the one-sided massacre made Lark look forward to that day in anticipation.

It’s a shame that I wasn’t able to kill General Alvaren. But I’ll have my chance again later. This time, I’ll be the one holding the high ground.

Although the last battle ended in their victory, the entire battlefield was against Lark and his Blackstone Knights. There were also several times when he almost lost his life. Lark had no intention of letting such thing happen again. Ever since that battle, Lark started modifying the blueprints of the magic towers with General Alvaren’s maginus in mind.

As Anandra was giving his reports, a commotion broke out nearby.

Several men and women ran out of the nearby tavern, screaming for help. Upon seeing Lark, they begged, “Commander! The soldiers! Th-They’re dead!”
Lark looked calmly at the trembling woman, then at the tavern where she came from. By this time, several soldiers had surrounded the tavern, their swords unsheathed.

“What happened?” Lark asked the woman.

The woman shook her head. “I… I don’t know! The soldiers were eating and drinking, there had been a fistfight an hour ago, but that was it! B-But just a moment ago… the soldiers suddenly started vomiting and collapsed!”

Based on the story, it sounded like someone poisoned the soldiers.

Lark decided to check and find out.

“Anandra, guard the perimeter. Capture anyone that comes out of the tavern.”

Anandra bowed. “Understood.”

Lark led the soldiers inside. Just like the woman said, the soldiers seated there had all dropped dead like flies. There was foam in their mouths and their eyes were rolled upward.

“Is it magic?” mumbled Lark.

He released a cloud of mana, invisible to non-magicians, and enveloped the entire tavern. He searched every nook and cranny but failed to find any traces of magic being used here.

He grabbed a fork and stabbed the half-eaten bread on one of the tables. “The food, huh? It’s been poisoned.”

This was the conclusion he came to. A country as large as the Empire surely had spies planted in each of their neighboring Kingdoms. He would not be surprised if one of them had managed to infiltrate their ranks.

“I want a full recount of everything that happened here. I want a full list of all soldiers and non-combatants that entered this place since yesterday.”
One of his soldiers saluted. “Understood, Commander!”

This may look like a minor incident for now. But what if the culprit managed to poison all of their rations? The chance was low, since all of their supplies were closely guarded by soldiers, but it was not zero.

Lark mobilized several units to investigate and catch the culprit. But despite this, that very same night another similar incidence occurred. This time, it was on a far larger scale than before. Over a hundred soldiers died from drinking the water from the well. The poison used this time was apparently slow-acting, as it took several hours before the soldiers showed symptoms. And by that time, it was already too late for healers save them, as the poison had spread through their entire bodies.

The day after that they finally caught the culprit. A soldier who had been living in the Kingdom for half a decade. According to their investigations, the man was a comrade of the spies who tried burning the supplies several days ago. After seeing the defeat of the Alvaren Army, the man decided to act on his own accord and poison the rations of the

Kingdom’s Army.

“Good work,” Lark praised the soldier who gave the report. “Send the man to the dungeon. He’ll be executed later in public to appease the rage of our soldiers. He’s killed over a hundred of our men, after all.”

“As you wish, Commander.”

“Ah, I heard that the one who caught the culprit this time was her?

The leader of the supply team?”

The soldier nodded. “Yes, Commander. It seems that Lady Yzelle placed a trap—a magic I’m unfamiliar with—and captured the spy of the Empire.”

Lark rested his cheek on his palm as he listened to the soldier’s recount of the story, his eyes filled with interest. “Hoh, is that so? If I’m not mistaken,
she’s also the one who prevented the supplies from burning. That attempted arson several days ago.”

Lark leaned back on his chair and look at the ceiling, his mind filled with various thoughts. “Summon the leader of the supply team. I wish to speak to her.”

“Yes, Commander.”

Several minutes after the soldier left, three loud knocks were heard at the door. A woman, probably in her mid-twenties, entered the room.

With refined movements usually seen in High Nobles, the woman bowed her head, her red hair partially covering half her face. “You called for me, Commander?”

For some reason, the woman’s eyes were filled with curiosity as she looked at Lark.

“Yzelle, I heard you were the one who apprehended the spy responsible for poisoning our soldiers,” said Lark. “And you’re also the one who caught the arsonists. You’re doing your job as the leader of the supply team very well. Honestly, I’m quite impressed.”

Chryselle smiled. “I’m honored by the compliments, Commander. But I’m only doing the job entrusted to me. It’ll be troublesome if we run out of rations while in the middle of enemy territory.”

Lark liked her attitude. She reminded him of Melody, the girl now dubbed as The Scholar, in Blackstone Town.

“If we survive this war, I’ll be sure to ask His Majesty to give you an appropriate reward,” Lark decided.

Chryselle paused and momentarily stared at Lark. She said slowly, “Commander, if you’ll allow me to be impertinent.” Lark noticed the glint in the woman’s eyes.
“What is it?” he said.

“About the reward,” Chryselle carefully laid out her words, “Is it possible if I receive it from you instead?”

It was an unexpected request. Lark studied the woman’s face for a moment. Her eyes looked eager, as though she had been waiting for this exact moment.

“Are you sure about this?” Lark shot her a quizzical gaze. “I may be the Commander of the Third Army right now, but I’m nothing but the exiled second son of a Duke. Compared to me, His Majesty can surely grant you better rewards. I advise that you think about this carefully.”

Chryselle shook her head. “No, His Majesty cannot grant what I desire.”

Her voice was so firm that Lark knew she had already decided the moment this conversation began.

“Reward, huh?” Lark pondered for a moment. “Although some idiots may disagree, protecting the supplies not just once but twice was an incredible feat. As long as it is within my capacity, I will try to reward you appropriately.”

Like a child who have been granted her favorite toy, Chryselle smiled broadly, her eyes glimmering in anticipation. She unconsciously walked toward Lark, placed both her hands on the desk and leaned forward.

“Then…” She was clearly suppressing her excitement. “I want personal lessons! I want you to teach me magic! Even a month or two will do. Please!”

The request was one of the things Lark least expected. This woman was already proficient enough in magic, to the point that she was capable of creating magic wards in a short period of time. Although the wards were flawed when Lark tested them, it was still not something your everyday magician could cast.
Was this the reason why she chose to receive the reward from Lark himself instead of the King?

“I-I saw the battle with the Alvaren Army!” she added excitedly.

“Commander, the burning mountains—it’s Grand Scale Magic, am I correct?”

Lark was about to reply when the door opened suddenly without warning.

Two young men—Austen and George—entered Lark’s room. “Master! You won’t believe it!” Austen ran toward Lark’s desk. “George and I have—”

Austen froze and his eyes widened upon seeing the red-haired woman. George, curious on what made the blabbermouth suddenly stop, also looked toward the woman’s direction. He, too, froze.

Chryselle tried covering her face with her hood, but it was too late.

She realized she had been too careless.

“Y-You!” George screamed in horror while pointing a finger at her.

“You’re that woman!”

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 21

George slowly backed off, the memories of how his arm was twisted into unimaginable directions were still vivid in his mind. Seeing this woman, he was again reminded of the nightmare he experienced at Wizzert.

“W-What are you doing here?” George breathed.

Austen clenched his fists, ready to pounce the moment he saw even the slightest suspicious movement. Thankfully, the Young Lord was here.

This single fact made the brothers somewhat at ease.
“Did you follow us all the way here? Damn thi—” Austen stopped the latter part of his statement.

Damn thief .

The last time they said those words to this woman, they were beaten to a pulp by her brother. Their bodies remembered the pain and they unconsciously stopped blurting the words out.

Chryselle looked at the pallid brothers, then at the bewildered Lark.

She’d been stupid, she thought. She should have changed her appearance, or masked it at the very least. Now, the only two people who knew her real identity just so happened to see her, along with the commander.

She’d been too sheltered by the tower. She knew there was no other way out of this.

She breathed in deeply and sighed. She pulled down her hood, revealing a youthful face that resembled the elves’. Wavy red hair. Long, downcast eyelashes. She looked fragile, yet there was this indescribable strength seeping through those crimson eyes.

“I didn’t mean to deceive you,” she said to the Commander. “And I plan on revealing my identity once things have calmed down.”

She cast a glance at the brothers. “Also, a proper apology.”

She sighed again, placed her hand on her chest and bowed. “Chryselle Vont Aria. Magician of Wizzert City. Fifth Elder of the Magic Tower.”

Lark’s eyes slowly grew wider. So, this was the reason that she felt familiar somehow. Her magic signature was really similar to those of the

magicians’ in Wizzert City. Moreover, she was an Elder of the Magic City?

She bit her lip and said, “My brother did terrible things to your disciples.” She turned toward George and Austen. “On behalf of my brother, of Wizzert City... I’m really sorry.”
“V-Vont Aria?”

The words ‘magician of Wizzert’ and ‘Elder of the Magic Tower’

didn’t immediately register in George and Austen’s minds but they immediately froze hearing the words ‘Vont Aria.’

Just that name alone was enough to instill fear among the two of them. This was the first time they’d met a member of the Vont Family. And as though that wasn’t enough, this woman in front of them also belonged to the House Aria.

The Vont Family was among the richest families in the Kingdom.

From Merchant Guilds, mercenary troops, even the navy, their influence spanned the entire Kingdom despite their lack of nobility. The House Aria, on the other hand, was a renowned family of magicians. Several Royal Court Magicians came from this bloodline, and the ruling class in Wizzert City belonged to their House.

For a moment, George and Austen had the urge to apologize instead.

Lark stared at Chryselle for a long time. He finally spoke, “Alecto.

The bastard who broke the arms of my disciples. He’s your brother?” Lark’s voice was so monotonous that for a moment, Chryselle didn’t know how to react.

“Yes.”

“Did you come here for revenge?” said Lark. “That brother of yours.

You probably know this, but I’m the one who repeatedly pummeled his annoying face to the ground.”

George and Austen looked at their master in bewilderment. Last time they asked, Lark denied being involved in the incident in the magic tower.

But now, he easily admitted it in front of this woman.
Chryselle shook her head fiercely. “No! I didn’t come here for revenge. Especially after learning the identity of that intruder!” She looked

Lark straight in the eye.

After learning the identity of the intruder who single-handedly defeated the magicians of the tower, she realized why the perpetrator had targeted her brother. She was simply thankful that Lark hadn’t taken anyone’s life that night, despite his ability to do so.

What if the same Grand Scale Magic, which obliterated half of the Alvaren Army, was cast at the magic tower instead? She shuddered the moment she thought of this. Surely, hundreds of lives would have been lost in that very moment.

“My brother never lost a fight in his life before.” She bit her lip hard.

“Maybe that’s why he’s been conceited, thinking that he’s invincible, that all other magicians are beneath him. He really takes pride in being part of the House Aria. He’s condescending, arrogant, barbaric, but he’s a doting brother. And I’m sincerely thankful that you spared his life during that battle.”

Silence befell the room. Lark studied Chryselle for a moment.

“I see,” Lark eventually said.

Lark pointed a finger in front of him and an image of a magic circle made of light magic slowly formed before him.

“I heard George and Austen’s story,” said Lark. “They said that the reason you approached them is because of this?”

Chryselle stared at the magic circle for quite some time, her eyes opened wide as though it was the most fascinating thing in the world. She replied softly, eyes still glued to the magic formation which was now slowly fading away into nothingness, “Yes.”
Lark quickly put the pieces of the puzzle together. The basic magic formation which originated from the Magic Empire. Her infiltrating the Third Army and becoming the leader of the supply team. Refusing a reward from the King and asking for private magic lessons instead. Now that he knew her real identity, everything made sense.

But could he trust her?

For a moment, Lark pondered if he should remove her leadership

position, but until now, she had been managing things perfectly, despite the attempts of arson and the incidences of poisoning several days ago.

“Austen, George.”

“M-Master!”

“What do you think of her apology?” Lark asked them, since he didn’t want to decide this thing on his own. They were the ones who’d been beaten up mercilessly, after all.

Austen and George looked at each other. After some time, they nodded. The two had come to a consensus without muttering another word.

“We’ve heard what Maste—what the intruder did in the magic tower,” said Austen. He awkwardly scratched his cheek. “And… uhm, w-we forgive you.”

They heard from the rumors that the face of Alecto had been beaten to the point that no one would have recognized him if he hadn’t been wearing the crest of the city’s master. The brothers thought that it was more than enough revenge for mere commoners like them.

“Thank you!” Chryselle bowed repeatedly. She had been afraid that they would ridicule her despite her apology.

“This matter’s settled then,” said Lark. “But the fact that you’ve concealed your identity when you entered the Third Army remains. Rules exists for a reason, and truth be told, I can’t completely trust you at this moment.”
Chryselle perfectly understood the commander’s stance.

“Yes,” said Chryselle. “I understand.”

She was ready to be stripped of her position as the leader of the supply team. But Lark had a different plan instore for her.

“You requested magic lessons,” said Lark. “Tell me, which magic do you want to learn?”

Chryselle was taken by surprise by this question. It felt as though Lark was asking her to browse through a vast list of spells and pick one which suited her liking. This was impossible, since there was no way

someone so young could know such a wide variety of spells.

Chryselle decided to answer the question regardless. “The core of all elements. The magic formation where all magic originates.”

Lark liked the woman’s answer. It was neither too greedy nor too self-restrained.

“I see.”

He started casting spells and three one-meter sized magic circles appeared out of thin air. “The one to your left’s the one my disciples are currently mastering. It’s a first-tier magic circle, the lowest and weakest, but the at the same time the most important of all magic formations.”

The magic formation to the left formed cracks and shattered, eventually vanishing from sight.

“The one in the middle’s a fourth-tier magic circle,” said Lark. He noticed that Chryselle was gawking at it, as though trying to embed the magic formation in her mind. “The foundation of compound magic. As an Elder of Wizzert, I’m sure you’ve already mastered this.”

The magic formation at the middle also formed cracks.
“W-Wait!” shouted Chryselle.

The magic formation shattered into numerous particles of light and dissipated.

Lark tilted his head. “What is it? Don’t tell me you’re incapable of compound magic?”

Chryselle frowned, definitely displeased that she didn’t have enough time to inspect the magic circle. She shook her head. “No, that’s not it. I’ve been able to cast compound magic since I was young. But Commander, the magic circle you’ve shown me… It’s completely different from the magic formation taught to us in the magic academy in Wizzert City.”

Lark’s interest was piqued by this. There was another formula for compound magic? He wanted to see. “A different magic formation, huh? Can you show me?”

Chryselle didn’t hesitate in the slightest and began casting her spell.

Unlike Lark, her casting speed was slow despite omitting several chants from the spell formula.

A magic circle, different from the one Lark showed them, manifested itself to everyone in the room. Lark stood up from his seat and closely examined the runes and formations.

After a while, he mumbled, “I see.”

Lark touched the floating magic formation created by Chryselle, and to everyone’s surprise, activated it. He also forcefully moved the runes here and there and added another layer to its base.

“W-What are you doing?” said Chryselle. “That spell will explode if you remove the inner circuit!”

Lark ignored her. The magic formation emitted bright light, the runes spun around and a high-pitched buzzing sound which signified a malfunctioning spell filled the room.
And stopped.

The light started dimming and a magic formation, similar to the one Lark showed them before, took the place of the one Chryselle had cast.

“I don’t know who invented this magic formation,” said Lark, nodding to himself. “But the second layer of the circuit’s partially blocking the flow of mana to the cardinal runes. This spell will work just fine, but the mana consumption will be three times normal. Casting speed’s greatly affected too and we also have to keep in mind its vulnerability to an altering spell. It’s a dangerous spell to use in real battle, unless it’s been engraved on a stable material—say the ground, or a talisman—beforehand.”

Lark touched the center of the magic formation and it shattered into numerous particles of light. Ignoring the dumbfounded expression of Chryselle, he proceeded to explain the last magic formation to their right.

“And this one. The last one. The magic formation for an eight-tier spell. Add three more layers and you’ll be able to cast Grand Scale Magic.”

Chryselle looked at the last magic formation. It was also different to the one taught to them back in the academy.

“These three magic formations are the basis of all spells,” said Lark.

A dagger made of wind magic appeared in his hand. “It’d be a waste to remove an officer as competent as you. And I don’t think the vice leaders of the supply team could have handled the arsonist as well as you did. So how about this?”

Lark opened his palm and presented the dagger toward her. “An oath.

Swear with your life on the line that you won’t betray this army, this Kingdom.”

Chryselle was familiar with oaths like this. It was magic known by priests.

She accepted the dagger without hesitation. She didn’t have the slightest intention of betraying the Kingdom after all. What’s to fear?
Following Lark’s instructions, she made a small cut on her arm and the flowing blood was immediately sucked away by the dagger, turning it crimson.

While the dagger was sucking her blood, she made her oath, “I, Chryselle Vont Aria, vow to never betray the Coalition Army, nor this Kingdom. May this dagger sink its blade into my heart should this vow be broken.”

The dagger shattered into numerous tiny pieces and disappeared from sight.

The ritual was a lot simpler than the ones the priests used in the temples.

There were no Gods involved and no grand offerings were needed.

Although the dagger vanished, Chryselle could feel a very tiny seed in her chest. She knew that the moment she betrayed the Kingdom, the tiny seed would grow and pierce her heart.

Lark was satisfied with this outcome. Now he no longer had to find a replacement for this woman. She had been managing the army’s supplies well, after all.

“Yzelle,” Lark asked curiously. “How old are you?”

Chryselle tilted her head to the side, confused about why Lark wanted to know. “Twenty-six, Commander.”

“Are you sure about this?” chuckled Lark, grinning broadly. “A kid

like me becoming your teacher? After this war, once our magic lessons start, you’ll have to call me Master, right?” The last part of the statement was thrown out impishly. Chryselle’s face flushed.

“O-Of course!” She firmed her resolve.

Lark noticed her flustered expression. He continued chuckling. He added playfully, “then let’s try to get along well, my dearest disciple.”

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 22
Two weeks passed uneventfully. It seemed that defeating the Empire’s Trump card—the Magic Knights—had a far greater impact than Lark initially thought. The scouts sent several reports of movements from the Empire, but it was apparent from the way they positioned their armies at the major paths to the southeast that they were simply trying to block all form of supplies from reaching the Kingdom’s army stationed in Akash City. Even the small villages and towns within the region were burned to the ground, making it impossible to gather food supplies unless they travelled to the nearest unconquered city of the Kingdom.

It was apparent that the Empire was planning a long drawn-out battle, at least until Akash City—a territory currently isolated from the rest of the Kingdom’s forces—ran out of food to eat. This simple plan would have been the most effective under normal circumstances, but little did the Empire know that such a situation was ideal for Lark Marcus. For the past few days, he was often seen grinning, especially when looking at the almost complete magic towers.

“It’s almost time,” said Lark.

Inside a room, all of the officers of the army gathered. Just like before, a large map was spread over the table. Numerous stone pieces, representing cities, armies, and garrisons were placed strategically on top of it.

“The towers are almost complete. Two days earliest, four days at most,” said Lark. “Lord Argus, I’ll be needing the help of your soldiers this time.”

Lord Argus and everyone in the room had been briefed of the plan beforehand. The Lord of Yorkshaire City nodded easily. “Of course. Leave it to me. My soldiers are ready to move out at any time. Just give us the signal.”

“Thank you,” said Lark. “I’m sure all of you are aware of this already.

We’ll be attacking the garrisons of the Empire stationed in these places in the mountain.” Lark pointed at the small wooden pieces spread all over Yorkshaire Mountain Range.
“There are eight of them, but we’ll need to attack only three for the entire supply line to collapse. The Yorkshaire soldiers are perfect for this task.”

Back then, Lord Argus was against the idea of attacking the garrisons of the Empire located in the mountain range. But after seeing the prowess of the Blackstone Knights, who turned out to be capable of fighting on par with the Magic Knights of the Empire, he felt confident of accomplishing this task.

“But it’ll be impossible for the Yorkshaire soldiers to reach the mountain by themselves,” said Lark. “That’s why I hope the First Army can act as a decoy. The Empire believes we’ll run out of food within the next few weeks.

They won’t initiate a battle. They’ll force us into sieging that fortress,” said Lark.

Lark pointed at an area near Yorkshaire City on the map. “The Yorkshaire soldiers will temporarily join the First Army and split into numerous smaller units when they reach here. It’ll be ideal to avoid any confrontation during this time, but if fighting breaks out, I want the First Army to do its best to preserve the forces of Lord Argus’ army.”

Lark was basically asking the First Army, the second largest in the Coalition Army, to be the decoy and shield of the Yorkshaire soldiers.

The Baron didn’t question Lark’s judgment. He, too, believed this was the proper course of action. Destroying the garrisons located in the mountains held grave importance in this war. Not only did the garrisons serve as a supply route for General Rizel’s army, they also served as an information relay to the Empire. The last thing they wanted was for their enemy to call for more reinforcements and drag this war even further. The Black Famine had just recently struck this Kingdom. If this war didn’t end soon, the Kingdom’s economy would surely collapse.

Two days later, just like Lark stated, the magic towers had been completed. The gates of Akash City opened and over ten thousand soldiers moved out toward Yorkshaire Fortress.
Six hours after the First Army moved out, Lark received reports from the scouts.

“Commander!” A scout saluted. “An army from the Empire intercepted the First Army right before reaching Yorkshaire Plains! We believe they’re from a nearby captured city of the Empire.”

“Their number?”

“They’re around fifteen thousand, Sir!”

The number of First Army soldiers hardly differed from the intercepting Imperial Army. This was good news. Although the Baron lost against General Alvaren, he was still a veteran who’d been to innumerable battlefields. He would surely be able to hold his ground, and once given the opportunity, create an opening for the Yorkshaire soldiers to move out.

“I see,” said Lark. “Disseminate my orders to all units. We’ll be moving out in two hours!”

“Yes, Commander!”

Upon receiving Lark’s orders, all of the soldiers in the city moved about. Supplies were moved to carts, cavalries mounted their horses, and infantries moved to each of their designated squads.

At the same time, George and Austen nervously pranced around.

They frequently looked at the talismans embedded on the walls, their faces drained of all color.

“M-Master,” said Austen. “Are you sure about this? You said it yourself! If we activate dozens of those talismans at once, we’ll be blowing up a portion of the walls! Gates and all!”

Lark tapped Austen’s shoulder. “You’ve seen the massive size of the towers, right? They’ll be able to move once activated, but how do you expect them to move out of this city with these walls blocking the way?”
“But if we destroy the gates!” Austen protested. “What will happen if the Empire suddenly attacks us?!”

“The walls are no longer necessary now that we’ve completed the towers. You haven’t seen the magic towers in their active form,” Lark patiently explained to his disciples. “One of them is enough to wipe out a tribe of trolls. What can mere humans do when faced against seven of these cheat-like weapons?”

Lark looked both of his disciples in the eyes. “Listen, once war breaks out, the safest place in the entire battlefield is next to these towers. They’ll be strong enough to protect you, even if General Alvaren personally comes to wreak havoc in the battlefield.”

Austen and George looked at each other after hearing the bold claim of their master. They remembered the old man capable of cleaving the meteors in half. Honestly, they would probably run with all their might if that monster suddenly appeared in front of them.

“Yzelle’s busy managing the supplies right now, and Anandra’s mana pool’s too low to activate even half of those talismans,” said Lark. “So it’ll be up to you guys to activate them.”

Lark chuckled. “Make use of those absurdly large mana pools and blow up the wall and gates!”

The disciples noticed the devilish smirk of their master. They were sure that Lark was enjoying this. Left with no other choice, the two disciples started pouring their mana into the talismans. The runes engraved on them slowly came to life.

After making sure that everyone had retreated to a safe place, Lark activated the spell fueled by his disciples’ mana. A deafening sound reverberated as the talismans exploded. Chunks of stone flew about. The ground rumbled as a portion of the walls, along with the gates, crumbled down. Clouds of dusts flew about.

“Soldiers,” roared Lark. “Move out!”
“Yes, Commander!”

Thousands of soldiers started moving out of the city. Behind them, seven stone towers slowly moved forward, resembling moving mountains at the army’s rear. Most of the soldiers would occasionally look back and stare at the seven colossuses moving behind them, afraid that they would suddenly fall or move to trample them.

Although the towers sucked in ambient mana and used this to fuel their movement, their sheer size made it impossible to move at a speed comparable to horses. The army had no choice but to move at a slow pace, around the speed of walking infantry.

It took them a day and a half to finally arrive at Yorkshaire. The fortress that served to stopper the advance of the Empire for centuries. The city they had to reclaim at all costs in this war.

By the time they’d arrived, the First Army led by the Baron had already made its camp. It seemed that although they’d lost more than two thousand soldiers, they’d managed to fend off the attacks from the Empire and dealt some damage to their enemy. The imperial soldiers eventually decided to retreat into Yorkshaire City. A practical and smart move, since the city walls and the deep ravine would easily mitigate any attacks by the Kingdom.

Lark ordered his men to pitch tents and make camp.

“Commander Lark.” The Baron greeted Lark when they arrived.

The Baron had several cuts on his armor; he probably dove headfirst into the battlefield on the very first day and led his entire army at the front.

The Baron looked at the towers located at the rear of the army. Truth be told, he hadn’t expected Lark and his men to arrive this early. No matter how he thought of it, he just couldn’t see how those colossuses would move on their own. He had expected the soldiers to tie ropes to them or move them on a movable platform.
“It’s floating?” said the Baron.

Lark also looked at the towers which continued to hover half a meter from the ground.

Lark grinned. “A self-sustaining tower’s a sight to behold, don’t you agree?”

The Baron continued staring at the towers. He slowly nodded.

“Impressive, these things.”

Lark looked around and studied the numerous soldiers from the First Army moving around. He noticed that most of them were wounded and the very few priests the Baron brought with him were frantically trying to heal the critically-injured ones.

Noticing Lark’s gaze, the Baron said, “we’ve lost a lot of soldiers, but we managed to kill a high-ranking officer of the Imperial Army. A

commander of the army previously stationed in Quasan City. After his death, his soldiers immediately fled to Yorkshaire. We had no choice but to stop any attempt at pursuit. It’s impossible for us to take over that city with our numbers alone.”

The Baron remained stoic as he said these words, but Lark knew that this was a great accomplishment. Especially considering the fact that it happened on the first day.

“They retreated to the fortress, huh?” Lark looked at the walled city covered by fog. “It’ll make things easier then.”

The Baron shot Lark a quizzical gaze.

“What about Lord Argus’ soldiers?” said Lark.

“They’ve successfully reached the mountains, along with the Blackstone Knights.”
Perfect. Now all that was left was the attack at the Yorkshaire Fortress.

Lark shouted at his men, “Rest for the night! We’ll be moving out first thing in the morning!”

“Yes, Commander!”

***

Morning came. In accordance to Lark’s orders, the soldiers organized themselves into several smaller units. The cavalry alone was split into three units, and the infantry was split into four armies. Similar to traditional warfare, each unit had archers supporting them from the rear.

The army marched and halted right outside the shooting range of archers. Lark stepped forward and amplified his voice with magic. “Brave soldiers of the Kingdom!” His voice reverberated throughout the entire army.

Even the soldiers of the Empire stationed on the walls heard it. “The time has come!” said Lark. “To reclaim the land stolen from us by the Empire!”

Speeches like these weren’t Lark’s forte, but he deemed that he

needed to at least raise the morale of his soldiers before the start of this battle which would decide the fate of the Kingdom.

“They killed our men! Enslaved the women! Killed the children! And they did all these barbaric acts just to expand their land!”

The soldiers of the Kingdom tightened their grips on their weapons.

To most of them, the Empire was their sworn enemy. The majority of them had lost a loved one due to the wars with the Empire, even back when King Alvis was still just the crown prince of Lukas. Some of them lost a brother, a father, a son.

Lark started casting his spell. He slowly floated up, thick threads of mana visible to even non-magicians oozed out of his body and latched themselves to the seven towers located at the rear of the army. The moment he activated
the spell, all seven towers started absorbing ambient mana. The runes engraved on their bodies started glowing. The amount of mana being concurrently absorbed by each tower was so colossal that Lark could probably cast several Grand Scale Magic spells without expending his own mana reserves.

Refreshing.

Lark grinned, still hovering in the air as he continued controlling all seven towers at the same time using the visible threads of mana.

It’s like I’ve recovered a fourth of my previous strength.

Lark looked at the mist still covering the entire city. Based on the reports of Anandra, he had an idea of what the fog could do. His familiars would immediately drop dead if they made contact with that fog, and it would be impossible for Lark to look at the battlefield as a whole without those familiars.

“That fog,” said Lark. “Let’s remove it.”

Lark activated one of the towers and mana started flowing through his body like a raging river. A magic formation started forming above the sky of Yorkshaire Fortress. Layer upon layer of runes started manifesting themselves as Lark continued supplying the spell with the mana provided by the first tower.

Tenth-tier magic. Wings of Aeolus.

A raging wind started roaring inside the fortress, sweeping away the fog and several unsuspecting soldiers. The soldiers started holding on to the houses and the walls for dear life, otherwise they would have been swept away by the wind into the sky.

Several dozen of the magicians of the Empire immediately erected barriers and eventually blocked the wind from destroying anymore of the city.

But sweeping away the annoying fog was simply the start.
Lark activated the second tower and mana continued flowing into his body, replenishing his reserves in an instant. With the fog out of the way, the entire fortress was laid naked before their very eyes. They could now clearly see the high walls, the ballistae and other weapons installed on the battlements, the deep ravine which served as a natural barrier, and the three-layered portcullis.

With a seemingly endless supply of mana at his disposal, Lark started casting Grand Scale Magic. A colossal magic circle, similar to the one which appeared above the sky of Yorkshaire manifested itself on top of the Kingdom’s army. Soon, particles of golden light which reminded Lark of fairy dust started falling through the sky. All of the soldiers touched by these lights felt an indescribable surge of strength within them.

“W-What’s happening?”

“It feels like I can tear a dire wolf into pieces with my bare hands!”

And Lark didn’t stop with just body-strengthening magic. He activated another tower and cast another Grand Scale Magic, granting the bodies of each soldiers a translucent shield capable of blocking an arrow or two. Although it would shatter after a single sword strike, this would be enough to grant his soldiers that split-second moment to counterattack.

“For the Kingdom! For our loved ones!” roared Lark, “Soldiers of Lukas! Charge!”

Led by each of their respective military officers, the soldiers charged toward the fortress. Volleys of arrows started raining down and the infantry

immediately moved their shields up to block the attack. The Empire loaded large rocks coated with castrel oil into the trebuchets and lit them. The moment the soldiers of the Kingdom were within range, the imperial soldiers fired.

Dozens of soldiers started dropping dead like flies as the Empire continued releasing attacks one after another. Some were squashed like paste by the burning boulders falling from the sky. But this wasn’t enough to deter the
Kingdom’s soldiers. They continued charging toward the fortress, despite the deep ravine separating the walls from outside forces. They’d been briefed beforehand that a bridge would appear and lead them to the walls. At first, this declaration felt preposterous, but after experiencing the body-strengthening magic firsthand, they felt that such spell might be feasible after all.

And Lark delivered on his promise.

Seeing that his soldiers were almost near the ravine, Lark activated the fourth tower and immediately cast his spell. The ground rumbled and rose, before latching itself onto the walls, forming a bridge made with earth magic.

“A path has opened!” roared Lui Marcus. He was currently leading the soldiers at the very front. “Do not falter! Kill all the archers on the walls!”

This was the first time Lark had seen his older brother fight, and he had to admit that the man was far better swordsman than him. His skill with the sword was almost comparable to the Sword Saint. With each swing, several enemies were beheaded by his brother.

The fortress immediately turned into a battlefield. With Lui Marcus at the lead, several soldiers managed to find the gate winch. Soon, the bridge was moved over the ravine and the three-layered portcullis opened. The other units—the ones led by the Baron and the Sword Saint—did not miss this opening. They immediately charged into the city and broke into a melee with the imperial soldiers.

Everything had been proceeding favorably for the Kingdom so far.

Lark had activated only half of the towers and the war was already tilting to the Kingdom’s side.

At first, Lark planned on bombarding the fortress with offensive magic, but he realized that this would be counterproductive in the long run. If he destroyed the fortress, the Kingdom would be forced to allot more soldiers to guard the border between the Empire and the Kingdom. There was also
the issue with the captives—the families of the Yorkshaire soldiers currently locked away in the dungeons of the city. If Lark used Grand Scale Magic like the Roar of the Fire God, he knew that even they would not be spared from the spell’s wrath. Thus, he decided to resort on using this simple tactic, hoping it would be enough to defeat the Kingdom while at the same time preserving the fortress which had served as a stopper against the advance of the Empire for centuries now.

“Kill them!”

“Kill the dogs of the Empire!”

The Kingdom’s soldiers had never felt so invincible in their lives.

With their bodies enhanced with body-strengthening magic and a magic shield, they fearlessly clashed with the imperial soldiers.

Using the vision crystal and the familiars hovering above the fortress, Lark oversaw the entire battlefield. He activated the fifth tower, cast his spell, and hundreds of arrows made of lightning magic manifest themselves before him. Using the vision crystal as guide, the arrows shot toward the imperial soldiers, killing them one after another. Those who managed to survive the lightning arrow were immediately killed by the Kingdom’s soldiers.

The lightning spell greatly lifted the burden off the Kingdom’s soldiers as they continued to push deeper into the city, with Lui Marcus, the Baron, and the Sword Saint at the lead.

When the Kingdom’s soldiers finally reached the middle of the city, the monster of the old era finally appeared. General Alvaren, clad in plate armor and holding his glaive, started bisecting the Kingdom’s soldiers one after another. Although he seemed slower and weaker than before, probably due to the wounds inflicted by Lark in their previous fight, he was still a monster befitting the name of Magic Slayer.

The Magic Knights started appearing from inside the stonehouses, slaughtering unsuspecting soldiers. Magicians and archers also showed
themselves and started firing arrows and spells one after another.

With the appearance of the Empire’s Trump card, the Empire slowly turned the tide of battle. Lark tried killing the Magic Knights with his spells, but General Alvaren immediately moved and nullified Lark’s magic into oblivion.

Lui Marcus, after finding out General Alvaren’s location, immediately moved to intercept the General. The two broke into a melee. The Baron led his soldiers deeper into the city, all the while the Sword Saint fought against several Magic Knights at the same time. The Blackstone Knights mixed with the infantry also moved to kill the Alvaren Army.

It was total chaos. Soldiers from both sides were dropping dead one after another. The scent of blood strongly permeated the air.

Where is General Rizel?

Lark had been trying to find the Ghost of the Empire for quite some time now, but even with the help of his familiars, he could not find him.

Where was he? Why wasn’t he attempting to cast his fog magic again?

Lark continued monitoring the battlefield from afar, all the while casting spells here and there to support the Kingdom’s soldiers. With the towers activated, it felt like he’d gained back a portion of his former prowess.

The amount of mana he could gather—without the risk of collapsing his mana pool—felt seemingly endless.

Lark felt a presence coming his way. It was faint; the caster was probably adept at controlling his magic. Lark amplified his senses with magic and finally saw a cloud of smoke shooting his direction. It came from the city, and judging by the killing intent oozing out of it, it was aiming to take his life in a single strike. The cloud of smoke was moving at such a tremendous speed that it would soon reach Lark in a few seconds.

Lark immediately realized who it was.
General Rizel. The Ghost of the Empire.

“Impressive.” Lark started casting defensive spells all around him.

“To immediately realize the source of the abnormal strength of the soldiers of

the Kingdom. But you’ve been too arrogant, General.”

With seven towers under his command, Lark was confident of surviving a fight even against a dragon. Lark activated the sixth tower and it cast a dome-shaped shield around himself. This shield was capable of blocking an instance of Grand Scale Magic, leaving the caster unscathed. It felt like overkill to use such defensive spell against a mere human, but Lark did not want to take his chances nor underestimate the Ghost of the Empire.

Lark pointed his finger toward the cloud of smoke approaching him at tremendous speed. A ray of light shot forth and struck the smoke, immediately halting it in its tracks. Lark heard a groan and the smoke slowly turned into the figure of an old man. Lark hadn’t expected a simple disintegration spell to work this easily. At first, he expected the smoke to easily evade the spell, and Lark had prepared several contingency spells the moment this happened.

But reality was a different picture.

The old man slowly stood up. Lark noticed that his spell had struck its target right in the abdomen. A hole the size of a thumb could be seen in the General’s abdomen. Blood oozed out of it profusely.

The General tried turning into smoke again but failed. “Y-You!” The General glared at Lark. “How! What did you do?” Lark knew that it was only a matter of time before the old man died.

Even healing spells would have a hard time working on wounds caused by a disintegration spell. After facing General Alvaren, he’d expected General
Rizel to be as strong as that Magic Slayer. Lark didn’t expect his first encounter with the General to end anticlimactically.

Lark stared at the now pallid, wobbling old man.

“Disappointing,” Lark said flatly. “But with this, maybe we could end this siege easily.”

Without another word, another ray of light shot toward General Rizel.

The old man couldn’t even dodge as the spell struck him right at the head, killing him in an instant. The old man’s body fell on its knees then kissed the ground.

Lark instructed the soldiers assigned to guard the supplies below.

“Cut off the General’s head and parade it inside the city. Make sure the imperial soldiers see it.”

It took the soldiers some time to respond. They still couldn’t believe that the old man lying dead on the ground was the Ghost of the Empire.

“Y-Yes! As you command!”

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 23

General Alvaren couldn’t believe what was happening. Not only did the Kingdom manage to cross over the bottomless ravine and enter the city, they were also pushing back the imperial soldiers despite the difference in numbers. The Empire had twice the number of soldiers. Why couldn’t they push these bastards back?

As he was lost in his thoughts, a sword came slashing toward his direction, aiming at his neck. General Alvaren blocked the strike with the shaft of his glaive. He glared at the man in front of him.

General Alvaren found it annoying that this man, whose silver hair was long enough for him to be mistaken as a woman, was blocking his path.
Although the General was thrilled to fight strong opponents, he found it urgent to kill these pesky flies of the Kingdom first.

“You almost died before when we fought,” spat General Alvaren.

“Kid, I don’t want to be wasting my time fighting you. Scram.”

Lui Marcus didn’t flinch upon receiving the General’s piercing glare.

“What’s this? I thought the General of the Empire wished to fight me one-on-one? You even went to Akash personally before to issue out a duel. Did your mind change after you had your butt kicked by my little brother?”

Despite his stoic personality, Lui Marcus skillfully taunted his enemy.

He chuckled, which further stoked the rage within General Alvaren.

Several arrows of lighting came pouring down from the sky. General Alvaren activated his glaive and all arrows within the range of the maginus immediately dissipated. Still, it wasn’t enough to cover the entire fortress.

Several hundred lightning arrows selectively struck the imperial soldiers, as though having lives of their own.

General Alvaren immediately realized that the caster must have been that damnable Lark Marcus. Only a mage of his caliber could have pulled off such a feat.

He must also be the one responsible for their soldiers’ abnormal strength.

Shrewd fox. What did he do this time? thought the General.

General Alvaren would have loved to kill the Silver War God of the

Kingdom, but he knew that it wouldn’t be easy. And by the time he was done, thousands of imperial soldiers would have already perished by then.

With his decades of experience in the battlefield, he knew that the best way to tilt the tide of war was to for him to kill that magic caster. To kill Lark Marcus.
“I have no time for you, brat!” roared General Alvaren. “Five spears!” “Yes, General!”

The Five Spears of the Alvaren Army immediately moved and surrounded Lui Marcus. They held pride for being the five strongest Magic Knights, their strength only below that of the General. They immediately understood their General’s intentions and moved in to suppress Lui Marcus.

General Alvaren started moving toward the place where the magic caster— Lark—was located. He believed in his glaive and he knew that no matter how powerful a magician Lark was, he would be reduced to nothing but an above average swordsman once within range of his magic-nullifying artifact.

Without Lui Marcus blocking his path, General Alvaren started slaughtering the Kingdom’s soldiers one after another, their bodies cut cleanly like rye bread. The cheap iron swords the Kingdom’s soldiers were using couldn’t even block a single strike from his glaive.

Several Blackstone Knights roared and shot toward General Alvaren.

These guys seemed like immortal demons spawned from hell to the imperial soldiers, but to General Alvaren, they were nothing but mindless suits of armor.

General Alvaren poured mana into his glaive, and with an earth-shattering swing, struck the nearest Blackstone Knight, splitting its body in half. He sidestepped and dodged a strike from the next living suit of armor, and using his free hand, grabbed the bastard’s helm and smashed it to the ground. He immediately followed through by stabbing the head with his glaive, severing the link connecting the armor to the monster’s essence, killing the Blackstone Knight in the process.

Despite seeing their comrades succumbing to their deaths without much of a fight, the other Blackstone Knights still continued their charge.
They knew that this old man was their master’s archnemesis. A target they needed to kill.

General Alvaren readily accepted the challenge. He continued massacring the Blackstone Knights left and right, not leaving them room to counterattack.

“It’s been a while.”

After killing over a dozen Blackstone Knights, a familiar voice was heard by the General. He looked back and saw an old man, his ashen hair neatly tied into a pony. Unlike General Alvaren, who was muscular and could easily smash trees with his bare hands, the old man before him was thin, his arms almost twigs. He looked really fragile and had General Alvaren not known the old man’s true identity, he would have not spared him a second glance.

“Alexander,” said General Alvaren, clearly annoyed.

He would rather fight Lui Marcus and Lark together than have another battle with this old geezer. Unlike those two, the Sword Saint didn’t rely on magic to sharpen his sword. His every swing was done with pure skills alone, honed into perfection by swinging the blade tens of thousands of times each day for decades.

The Sword Saint looked at the bisected Blackstone Knights, who had been reduced to piles of cleanly cut armors.

“We need those living suits of armor to win this war,” said the Sword Saint. “We can’t have you killing all of them, right?”

General Alvaren glared. Although he won the last time he fought the Sword Saint, he nearly lost his life several times during that duel. With his body weakened by the wounds inflicted to him by Lark Marcus, he wasn’t confident of winning a bout this time.

“Alexander,” said General Alvaren. “Do you have no pride as a swordsman? Those living suits of armor! It should be impossible to grant
life to inanimate things with necromancy alone! You’ve seen those abominations with your own eyes! It’s definitely demonic magic! There’s no other explanation otherwise! How could you, a Sword Saint, not condemn such an act!”

Alexander pulled out his sword and walked toward General Alvaren.

As they stood right before each other, the difference in their size became very apparent. The oblivious would immediately think that the Sword Saint would be immediately ripped into shreds by his muscular opponent.

“Alvaren,” said Alexander. His calm voice was a stark contrast to his opponent’s. “I believe in my ability to judge people.”

“Ability to judge people?” General Alvaren snorted. “I see you’ve gone senile, old man!”

Without warning, General Alvaren swung his glaive. The Sword Saint didn’t block the attack but instead gently swept it to the side with his sword, sending it to the opposite direction. And using this split-second opportunity, the Sword Saint reversed his sword and swung it up, missing General Alvaren’s face by a hair’s breadth.

The two continued exchanging blows. If General Alvaren was the epitome of strength, the Sword Saint was the embodiment of finesse and calm. Like an elusive eel, the Sword Saint would dodge General Alvaren’s strikes or redirect them at the last moment, before counterattacking at a blind spot. Over time, numerous wounds started appearing on General Alvaren’s body. After being wounded by Lark in the previous fight, he could no longer catch up with the speed of Alexander’s sword strikes.

Unable to contest with the Sword Saint with the sword, General Alvaren decided to gamble everything. He purposely left his right chest open, at the area next to the shoulder. The Sword Saint didn’t miss this chance and using blinding speed, pierced the area with his sword.

General Alvaren endured the pain. He grabbed the sword with his barehand and gripped it tight, not willing to let go. He gripped his glaive, channeled
mana into it, and swung it toward the Sword Saint.

Now that his opponent was weaponless, General Alvaren was sure that his attack would hit the Sword Saint.

But it seemed that he severely underestimated his opponent.

The Sword Saint let go of his sword. He didn’t attempt to dodge but instead used the back of his left hand and slapped the glaive to the side, redirecting the attack and making it miss him by a small margin. The Sword

Saint leapt toward General Alvaren and using his right hand, pushed his sword deeper into the General’s chest.

General Alvaren flinched and momentarily lost strength in his grip.

The Sword Saint didn’t miss this chance to pull his sword out. He leapt back and created distance.

“Reckless,” said the Sword Saint. He swung his sword in the air, removing the blood clinging to it.

General Alvaren gnashed his teeth. That technique worked when he fought Lark Marcus, but it seemed that such petty tricks wouldn’t work against this old man.

“Again,” said the Sword Saint.

And the two broke into a melee.

For several minutes, General Alvaren lost himself into a trance as he fought the Sword Saint in a duel. He knew that a single mistake would cost him his life. They continued exchanging blows, their speed incomparable to humans’.

“General Rizel has been slain! Lark Marcus of the Third Army has slain the Ghost of the Empire!”
A shout brought General Alvaren back to his senses. Thankfully, the Sword Saint was also stunned by this revelation, as he also momentarily froze.

The two distanced themselves with each other as they looked in the direction of the voice.

The air in the entire fortress became stale. No one could believe it.

Right now, the head of General Rizel—placed on the tip of a spear—was being paraded inside the fortress.

General Alvaren’s eyes widened and shook. His entire body felt numb as he stared at the head of his comrade. General Rizel was cunning and the two of them often fought each other. But for General Alvaren, there was no one in this war more reliable than General Rizel.

“H-How?”

General Alvaren trembled. How could this happen? How could the Ghost of the Empire, who’d survived countless battlefields in the chaos-stricken Empire, succumb to his death in this foreign land? Denial slowly turned into grief, into regret, before eventually turning into rage. General Alvaren quivered in utter fury. His eyes turned bloodshot.

He roared, “Lark! Marcus! Where! Are! You? Come out!”

The entire city seemed to tremble from General Alvaren’s shout.

Consumed by rage, General Alvaren didn’t notice the sword coming his way.

He looked down and saw Sword Saint Alexander’s sword piercing his left chest, right at the heart.

“I’m sorry,” whispered the Sword Saint. He twisted his sword, then pulled it back, then stabbed the General again. This time, at the stomach.

General Alvaren lost strength in his entire body. His vision blurred and he could no longer speak. Still, he looked at the direction where the head of
General Rizel was supposedly located. He kept looking at his comrade’s head, until his last dying breath.

***

After General Alvaren’s death, the Five Spears, who’d managed to survive their bout with Lui Marcus, rallied the troops and organized a retreat.

Despite their losses, the Magic Knights served as the rear guard and allowed thousands of imperial soldiers to escape.

Lark didn’t let this chance slip by. Despite the cruelty, he kept firing spells one after another, killing the retreating Imperial Army from afar. The Coalition Army, led by the Baron, also chased after the retreating enemy.

The balloons were also deployed and mana bombs rained down on the retreating imperial soldiers the moment they left Yorkshaire Fortress.

But with the help of the Five Spears, and by sacrificing the lives of over a hundred Magic Knights, the Imperial Army managed to escape and retreat through the mountains. They tried regrouping in the garrisons stationed there, but to their horror, they found themselves surrounded by Yorkshaire soldiers.

Despite being fewer in number, the Yorkshaire soldiers moved

through the steep mountain as though it was flatland. Losing their two generals left the imperial soldiers feeling powerless, and coupled with the unfamiliar and dangerous terrain of Yorkshaire Mountain, they couldn’t even put up a proper fight.

The Five Spears did their best to lead the defeated army, but the Yorkshaire soldiers kept chasing them through the mountain as though possessed by demons. By the time they’d reached the border of the Empire, the sixty thousand-strong Imperial Army had been reduced to only ten thousand.

A devastating defeat.
That day, the shocking news of the Empire’s defeat, the deaths of the Magic Slayer and the Ghost of the Empire, spread throughout the Empire like wildfire.

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 24

Arzen Boris watched with cold eyes as dwarven iron shells rained down on the enemy camp. The Imperial Army located on the hills was bombarded with iron shells one after another, not giving the enemies a chance to even retaliate. The luckier ones who managed to escape the camp found themselves surrounded by the Second Army, only to be killed on sight, no questions asked.

“Great work as usual, Commander,” his adjutant said, handing him a water flask.

“How many have we killed so far?” said Arzen, sipping some water.

“This is the third one. If we add the previous two camps, we’ve killed around five thousand soldiers from the Empire so far.”

Arzen smirked. “Five thousand. Not a bad number.”

The enemy camps they’d encountered along their way to Yorkshaire were untouched. Although Arzen didn’t know how Lark did it, his army probably managed to avoid these smaller camps as they made their way to Yorkshaire.

Arzen had to admit that circumventing these smaller camps was an ingenious move, but he didn’t like the feeling that he was cleaning up after Lark Marcus’ trail. It felt as though all the small fries were left to him, leaving only the main army in Yorkshaire as Lark’s target.

“Tell the soldiers to clean up,” said Arzen. “It’s been two weeks already since we left the City of Yan. That Marcus brat is probably dead by now. Let’s just hope his army’s still intact.”

“As you wish, Commander.”
The Second Army led by the heir of House Boris continued their march.

Eventually, they arrived at Akash City.

“Commander, the walls…”

“I know.”

Arzen frowned.

A portion of the walls, along with the gates had been blown off.

Judging by the scorch marks, it was probably done through fire magic, or maybe by a weapon similar to the infamous mana bomb.

Arzen immediately sent out scouts to check the city. After some time, the scouts returned and reported to him.

“The entire city’s empty!” said the scouts. “But we’ve found a dungeon in the Lord’s Castle. Around five hundred imperial soldiers have been imprisoned there!”

“Prisoners,” repeated Arzen.

“Yes. And a dozen soldiers from the Third Army, left behind to feed the prisoners.” The scout looked at his rear, at the soldier they brought with them from the dungeon.

“Commander Arzen.” The soldier tasked in guarding the dungeon saluted. “Commander Lark foresaw that such a thing might happen. And he asked us to assist you in any way we can.”

The soldier started explaining to them what happened in this city during the past several weeks. How Lark captured this walled city in just a single day, how he fortified its defenses, and how he defeated the Alvaren Army that followed the Baron’s army all the way to this city.

When the story came to the part where Lark blew up the walls to launch an all-out attack to Yorkshaire City, Arzen finally lost it.
“That stupid brat!” he snarled. “What was he thinking? Destroying the walls of this city? For what? For those stupid towers that may not even end up working!”

Arzen clenched his fists. He quickly made up his mind.

He decided. “Change of plans. We’re heading straight to Yorkshaire City.”

His adjutant was stunned upon hearing this. Although they’d been on a winning streak since coming here, their target this time was on an entirely different league. There were literally tens of thousands of imperial soldiers guarding that fortress, outnumbering them several times. Furthermore, unlike the small camps they encountered on their way here, that city was protected

by walls, mages, and the two monstrous generals.

“B-But Commander!”

Arzen glared at his adjutant. “Listen, it’s been several days since that Marcus brat left to attack Yorkshaire. I don’t care if he’s dead, but we can’t let his men die if we want to win this war. With just my Second Army alone, it’ll be impossible for us to defeat the Empire.”

Arzen roared, “Soldiers of the Second Army! We’re heading straight to Yorkshaire City! Move out!”

“Yes, Commander!”

With a hastened march, it took them just a single day to reach Yorkshaire City. Just like the rumors, just one look was enough to know that the fortress was impregnable. The high walls, the deep ravines. You would need to sacrifice thousands of lives to conquer this fortress.

A picture—straight from a nightmare—greeted Arzen and his soldiers. “W-What the hell happened here?”
Arzen’s eyes widened as he gazed at the scattered corpses around him.

Imperial soldiers. Thousands of them.

As someone who graduated with top scores at the military academy, Arzen immediately realized that the dead imperial soldiers were killed while fleeing from something. That the battle during that time was a one-sided massacre.

“C-Commander! The flags! Look over there! At the walls!”

Arzen looked at the direction where his adjutant was pointing at. He saw several flags fluttering on top of the walls, their crest belonging to the Kingdom.

“Yorkshaire City’s been captured?” Arzen couldn’t believe it. “And in such a short amount of time?”

The portcullis of the city opened, and a messenger from the Third Army came out and politely invited the Second Army to enter the city. At first, Arzen was worried that this might be a trap, but he’d seen the thousands

of corpses with his own eyes. Even for the Empire, it’d be impossible to fabricate something of such massive scale.

With Arzen at the lead, the Second Army entered Yorkshaire City.

The inside of the city was a sight to behold. Thousands of soldiers moved about, repairing the broken houses, treating the injured, cleaning up the scattered corpses, and some had even started repairing the roads.

Numerous soldiers were wounded, but it was apparent in their faces that the entire army’s morale was high.

“Commander Arzen,” an annoyingly familiar voice was heard.

Arzen looked to his left and saw Lark, smiling at him. The damn brat must have been feeling proud after defeating the Empire and taking this fortress back. But how did he do it? Arzen wanted to ask, but his pride made him decide to keep his mouth shut.
“I heard from my men,” said Lark, both his hands behind his back.

“You’ve slain the Man-Eater and liberated Yan City from the Empire. Well done.”

Well done, my ass.

All of the praises Lark spouted felt superficial, especially after Arzen learned that they’d successfully captured Yorkshaire. Killing the Man-Eater was a great feat, but compared to what Lark had achieved in this war, it felt insignificant.

Arzen clenched his fists. It was frustrating. What was the point of rushing here then? Had he known, he would have gone to Rock Castle instead and liberated the first son of Duke Kelvin.

“It seems you’ve brought quite a number of supplies too, enough for us to last another half a month.” Lark looked at the barrels upon barrels of rations piled on top of the carts that Arzen brought with him.

“Of course,” said Arzen. He tried his best to remain stoic and undaunted. “We passed by several villages on the way here. All of them burned down to the ground, definitely the work of the Empire.”

Lark nodded. “They’d been planning on starving us out. We had no choice but to launch an all-out attack.”

Arzen was sure that wasn’t the only reason they decided to attack this fortress.

This shrewd fox was probably confident of winning the battle.

Attacking a fortress defended by sixty thousand soldiers wouldn’t make sense otherwise. But what made this brat so confident of winning the siege? Arzen decided to send several scouts later and pry information out of the soldiers who witnessed the battle.

Arzen noticed the large glaive resting on Lark’s shoulder. It was taller than Lark himself and for some strange reason, Lark seemed quite fond of this
weapon.

“I didn’t know you use a glaive as a weapon.”

Lark glanced at his glaive, then at Arzen. “Ah, this one?” Lark shook his head, “No, I use a sword. But this one’s my spoil of war. Honestly, I’d love to keep this thing to myself, but I’m pretty sure that once they start discussing the post-war treaty, the Empire will demand we return this weapon to them.”

Lark grabbed the glaive’s shaft and swung it in the air. Arzen was surprised that despite its size, Lark easily used the glaive. “Twenty-five, no…

thirty thousand gold coins. The Empire will probably be willing to pay that much just to take back this weapon. There’re also the captives in Akash. five hundred soldiers. Two of them are High Nobles. I’m pretty sure their families will be willing to part with a hefty sum in exchange of their lives.”

It took some time before Arzen processed the words spouted by Lark.

It seemed that despite having just captured Yorkshaire, he was already thinking of the post-war reparations.

But what the hell was this brat talking about? Thirty thousand gold coins for a single glaive?

Seeing Arzen’s quizzical gaze, Lark added, “This thing’s a maginus.

The anti-magic weapon used by General Alvaren, the Magic Slayer.”

Hearing this, Arzen’s eyes widened, almost popping out. General Alvaren’s glaive was a legendary weapon written even in history books. Even back in the military academy, he’d read about it several times. They said it was the first and only replica of the glaive of Uurvesk, the founder of the

Great Empire. The master blacksmith who created it had died decades ago and the method of creating the replica had been lost along with him.

“C-Can I see it?” breathed Arzen.
Lark readily handed the glaive over.

Arzen touched the maginus and he immediately felt a resonance with his mana. This was definitely the real thing. He was sure of it.

But if the maginus was here, then…

“The General,” said Arzen, trembling, “if you’re holding his glaive.

What happened to General Alvaren?”

“He’s dead,” said Lark. “The Sword Saint killed him in a duel.”

Arzen couldn’t believe it. At first, he thought that the Imperial Army had simply retreated, and that General Alvaren would soon rally his troops and retaliate.

“He’s dead?”

Lark nodded. He pointed. “Keep going straight from here and you’ll arrive at the central square. Next to the fountain, the heads of General Alvaren and General Rizel are currently displayed.”

Although cruel, the upper echelons in the army came to the consensus of displaying the heads of the two generals in public. They’d lost thousands of lives—soldiers and innocent civilians—in this war. This was the least they could do to appease the souls of those who died.

Arzen couldn’t believe what he’d heard. Even the Ghost of the Empire was dead?

Without another word, Arzen went toward the central square. He noticed a large crowd around the fountain. And true to Lark’s words, two severed heads were displayed next to the fountain. Several soldiers were guarding it, preventing the onlookers from coming too close to the displays.

“I heard Commander Lark killed the Ghost of the Empire in an instant,” murmured one of the onlookers.
“Yeah, I heard it too. See that wound on the General’s head? My brother was there when the Commander shot General Rizel in the head with

magic.”

Arzen couldn’t believe what he was hearing. It sounded preposterous, but there was no reason for these onlookers to lie.

“Hey, isn’t this dangerous? We killed two famous Generals of the Empire. What if in his anger, the Emperor suddenly commands the entire Imperial Army to raze our country to the ground?”

“Stupid. Do you have no idea how large the land of the Empire is?

The Empire’s four times larger than our Kingdom. They already have their hands full in keeping their neighboring countries at bay. I heard that the Mullgray Pirates even started invading some of their ports this year. If they send any more soldiers here, they’ll be forced to part with some of their lands just to conquer our Kingdom.”

“I guess you’re right.”

“Of course, I am!”

Arzen continued listening to the conversations of the onlookers. As time went by, he realized that those two heads on display were indeed General Rizel’s and General Alvaren’s.

He could accept the fact that the Magic Slayer lost his life in a duel with the Sword Saint.

But how did that brat, who was several years younger than him, kill the Ghost of the Empire? Even Arzen’s instructors in the military academy said that Rizel was an immortal demon capable of laying waste to an entire army on his own. Arrows couldn’t kill him, and swords would simply pass through his body, just like a ghost.

“Damn it,” mumbled Arzen.
He gnashed his teeth. With the death of the two Generals of the Empire, the Imperial Army was as good as defeated. There was no role for him to play here, he realized.

***

After Arzen suddenly left on his own to look at the displayed heads of the generals, Lark went toward the northern district, where the magic towers were currently located.

He hadn’t told anyone about his plan of destroying these things once war ended, since he knew that most people would be vehemently against it.

“Leave. Make sure no one comes near this area until I come out,” he said to the soldiers guarding the towers.

“Yes, Commander!”

After the soldiers left, Lark stared at the towers. He would find it hard to find the same amount of manpower and resources to recreate these things.

“It’s such a waste,” he said, looking at the towers. “But it’s too dangerous to leave you guys in this fortress.”

The Empire was a strong nation capable of recreating a maginus. Lark was sure that given the chance, they could probably recreate these magic towers too.

With the death of two of their generals, Lark doubted that the Empire would continue waging war with the Kingdom anytime soon. A peace treaty was inevitable, and so were war reparations. This was truly the Kingdom’s victory.

But there was no harm in being cautious. In the slim chance that the Empire attacked the Kingdom once again, it’d be too dangerous to have these towers lying around in this fortress. Bringing it back home would take too much time and may attract unwanted attention from other magicians.
Lark steeled his resolve. He poured mana into the glaive and activated the runes.

As expected of a maginus. Lark felt like he could cut anything as long as he held this weapon. Even the sword he personally created back at Blackstone Town was far inferior to this one.

With one last look at the towers, Lark started cutting each of them.

The magic towers resisted at first, and it took Lark several strikes despite using a maginus before he finally managed to destroy them. Lark made sure

to thoroughly destroy the magic formations and the runes engraved on the towers’ walls.

After the towers collapsed, Lark deactivated the glaive and started pulverizing what was left of the towers using wind magic.

VOLUME 4: EPILOGUE

[The Great Empire]

Emperor Sylvius Lockhart Mavis. The so-called Devourer of Lands.

Inside his private room in the coliseum, he watched with bored eyes as the warriors in the arena fought to their deaths. Hundreds of spectators cheered, their stomping feet making the ground rumble. The scent of blood and sweat permeated the air as the spectators frenziedly urged the warriors to kill each other.

Eventually, one of the warriors was stabbed in the chest and fell limp to the ground, lifeless. Seeing this, the entire coliseum burst into cheers.

The coliseum is really the best place to relax.

The Emperor did not mind the deafening shouts from the outside.

He had grown tired of seeing death and blood. What he looked forward to the most whenever he came here was the frenzied spectators. It was
amazing, even his meekest subjects would turn into demons the moment they stepped foot in the coliseum. The way they repeatedly shouted for slaughter, for the warriors to kill each other, one would think they were demon incarnates.

The Emperor loved seeing human nature at its truest form. To him, there was no place more relaxing than this private room inside the coliseum.

“And now! Today’s main event!” The Coliseum Master’s voice echoed with the help of a magic tool. “A slave from the White Stream Oasis!

A champion who has remained undefeated in this coliseum for the past three years!”

One of the gates in the arena opened and a dark-skinned man, probably in his mid-thirties, came out, two swords on his back. Strapped on his legs were several daggers. He was really ugly; his face looked as though it had been ripped off by some strange beast.

“The undefeated!” shouted the Coliseum Master. “The invincible!

The undisputed champion of the arena! Scarface!”

The crowd cheered and stomped their feet. The entire coliseum shook.

“And his opponent!” said the Coliseum Master. “A ferocious beast seen only in the White Stream Oasis! A creature capable of tearing a band of mercenaries on its own!”

The gate opposite to where Scarface came out opened. Loud thuds were heard, along with an ominous growl. A white creature around four meters tall came out, its muscular arm holding a stone mace. One of the two black horns on his head was missing. Its face greatly resembled the goblins.

“A full-grown adult! A desert troll! A top predator in White Stream Oasis! Next only to the devouring worms!”

The desert troll roared as though announcing its appearance to the world. Hearing this, the crowd turned silent for a second, before bursting into
cheers.

“A desert troll!”

“It’s the first time I’ve seen one!”

“Kill that monster, Scarface! I’ve bet my entire fortune on you, you damn bastard!”

The crowd was ecstatic. Even the Emperor’s interest was piqued by this fight. He’d been watching Scarface’s fights for the past few years, and the slave never lost a single fight in this arena. The Emperor wondered how the arena’s top dog would fare against this monster.

The gates closed and the gong was struck. On cue, the troll leapt toward Scarface and swung its mace with all its might.

“Emperor!”

A soldier entered the Emperor’s private room without advice.

The Emperor glared, annoyed that the soldier was interrupting him during such time. The report better be something urgent and worthwhile, otherwise, he would immediately have him executed after this fight.

“What?”

“A silver-sealed message from the southern border! From General Lazarus!”

“From General Lazarus?”

The soldier knelt down and presented the letter to the Emperor. After opening it and reading its contents, the Emperor’s shook. He could no longer hear the ecstatic shouts from the spectators, the roar from the troll. His entire mind was in turmoil. He stared at the letter for a long time.

The letter came from the General Lazarus, the highest-ranking officer in the southern border. According to him, the sixty thousand-strong army of the
Empire had been defeated by the Kingdom of Lukas.

The two generals who’d protected the Great Empire for decades perished along with fifty thousand soldiers.

Emperor Sylvius trembled. He could not believe that both the Magic Slayer and the Ghost of the Empire had just died in battle. Those two had lain waste to the Empire’s enemy for numerous years. Just hearing their names was enough for their enemies to tremble in fear.

Losing them was definitely a terrible blow to the Empire.

“E-Emperor?”

Seeing the enraged Emperor, the soldier could not help but pray to the Gods for dear life. He fervently prayed that the Emperor would spare his life.

Emperor Sylvius snapped out of his stupor. He abruptly stood up.

“Gather the ministers, the princes, and the Generals of the Capital. Tell them to gather in the throne room an hour from now.”

The crowd in the coliseum cheered after the champion of the arena beheaded the desert troll. But the Emperor no longer cared. He had lost interest in the battle after reading the message.

The middle-aged man’s eyes glimmered dangerously.

“Lark Marcus. Sword Saint Alexander.” The Emperor gnashed his teeth. “Just wait. The moment I’ve taken care of the Mullgray Islands and Everfrost, the two of you’ll be next.”

***

Three weeks had passed since the war at the Western Front ended.

The Coalition Army finally returned to the capital to a hero’s welcome.
Tens of thousands of residents of Behemoth City went out of their homes and crowded the streets, cheering as the soldiers passed through.

Mellifluous music filled the entire capital as everyone celebrated the return of the Kingdom’s heroes. Free porridge, rye bread, mead and jerkies were handed out to everyone all over the city in celebration of the Kingdom’s victory.

While the entire city was in a festive mood, the officers of the Coalition Army were summoned into the King’s castle.

“Welcome, heroes.” King Alvis was beaming as he looked at the military officers kneeling before him. “I summoned all of you here today to reward you for your accomplishments. This is a blessed year, indeed. We have solved the crisis regarding the Black Famine, and we’ve thwarted the advance of the Empire. It seems that the Sun God is smiling upon our Kingdom.”

Rows of knights stood next to the walls, while the advisers of the crown stood next to the King. There were also dozens of nobles, merchants, priests, and other city officials present.

“First,” said the King, “Arzen Boris.”

A soldier walked towards the throne, carrying a small chest with him.

After receiving the signal from His Majesty, the soldier walked towards Arzen and presented him the chest.

“The Commander of the Second Army. The valiant warrior who liberated Yan City.”

Arzen courteously received the chest and opened it. Inside were thirty grand gold coins, each of them equivalent to a hundred gold. There was also a scrolled parchment inside, stamped with the insignia of the royal family.

“You shall be rewarded with thirty grand gold coins and the Elmanar Territory. It’s a small but fertile land near the Boris County. Use it as you
see fit.”

Arzen bowed his head. “I am honored, Your Majesty. I promise to develop that land into a prosperous territory.”

King Alvis nodded, satisfied with Arzen’s answer. “I look forward to that day, Arzen.”

The King moved his gazed towards Baron Zacharia. “Next, Baron Zacharia.”

The Baron looked at the King upon the mention of his name.

“For leading the attack at Yorkshaire City, and for gathering the remnants of the Marcus and Yorkshaire Army. You shall also be granted thirty grand gold coins. Furthermore, you shall be elevated to the rank of a Viscount!”

Murmurs filled the throne room at this proclamation. The merchants and nobles attending the awarding ceremony were surprised that the retired veteran was promoted to the rank of a Viscount after the war. It just went to show how important this victory was for the royal family.

Although the territory owned by the Baron did not expand, just earning the title of a Viscount alone was a tremendous gain in this war. The normally stoic Zacharia visibly shook as he tried to process the words the King had just said. Who would have known that a retired instructor like him would become a Viscount before the end of his life?

“Your Majesty!” Zacharia humbly received the chest containing the grand gold coins and the royal decree. “This subject of yours will never forget this kindness!”

Zacharia continued shaking as he willed the tears back. There was no honor higher than this one. He was sure that his late father and the rest of his ancestors watching him from Valhalla would have been so proud.

The King moved his gaze to the next person.
“Lui Marcus,” said the King. “For bravely leading the soldiers, for defending the fortress until the last man. You shall be granted thirty grand gold coins and a named sword!”

A soldier handed Lui Marcus a chest containing the coins and a sword wrapped in cloth. Lui slowly unwrapped it, revealing a sword with an ornamental sheath, its hilt embedded with blue gemstones.

“This is…” Lui stared at the sword, wide-eyed.

“One of the four named swords of the Kingdom. Grandblue!”

The entire throne room went into uproar. Grandblue was a sword passed down only to the descendants of the royal family. Along with the sword of Sword Saint Alexander—Bloodthorne—it was one of the four swords crafted by the legendary dwarven blacksmith, Golgodan.

Just this sword alone cost more than ten thousand gold coins. For a moment, the nobles and merchants started to question the sanity of the King.

This move was akin to passing down a national treasure to someone outside the royal family.

Lui’s hands trembled as he held the infamous sword. Never in his wildest dreams did he think he would get his hands on this item. It was not a maginus like the weapon used by General Alvaren, but its blade was made with the strongest metal in this world. Even the gemstones embedded on its hilt made it possible for the user to store some of his magic.

“I-I’m honored, Your Majesty!” said Lui.

The King gently smiled. “There’s no one more fitting than you to wield that sword. I’m sure that Golgodan would have been glad that his named sword landed in the hands of such valiant warrior. That sword’s just gathering dust in the treasury, after all. It’s such a waste, don’t you think so?

Lui, I expect great things from you. Continue protecting our Kingdom.”
“Yes, Your Majesty!”

“Next, Sword Saint Alexander.”

The Sword Saint was the calmest among everyone present here. He remained unperturbed despite the unexpected rewards handed out by the King.

“I believe you hold one of the highest merits in this war,” said the King. “Not only did you lead the army in the attack to reclaim Yorkshaire, you’ve also slain the enemy General. The Magic Slayer of the Empire, General Alvaren.”

A soldier holding a chest, a bit larger than the ones before, went towards the Sword Saint and presented it to him.

“You are hereby granted forty-five grand gold coins and the Territory of Aden, including the Valley of Witches!”

Although it was a secluded territory at the east, almost near the United Grakas Alliance, it was a vast territory, and by size alone, it was almost comparable to the entire capital. The King probably made this move in hopes that the Sword Saint would permanently move into that territory and convert it into a stronghold, blocking the path of the Beastmen toward their Kingdom.

The Sword Saint easily saw through the King’s intent, but decided to accept it regardless. He had grown fond of the Valley of Witches and its soldiers during his prior stay there.

“I humbly accept, Your Majesty.”

Unlike before, the nobles and merchants seemed satisfied with what was given to the Sword Saint. They all knew that Alexander was the one who had slain General Alvaren, justifying the forty-five grand gold coins reward.
Furthermore, the Aden Territory was unfertile, and the Valley of Witches was located on top of a cliff, making trade difficult with the surrounding territories. Just by location alone, the merchants and nobles had no interest in a territory sharing borders with those damnable beastmen.

There was only one military officer remaining.

Lark felt all eyes falling on him.

“And lastly, Lark Marcus.” The King cleared his throat. “For leading the Third Army to the Western Front, for reclaiming Yorkshaire City, and for slaying the Ghost of the Empire.”

There was silence in the entire throne room. Everyone waited with bated breath for the next words of the King.

“You shall be awarded with forty-five grand gold coins! Furthermore, you shall be granted sovereign over the City of Tranta!”

Lui Marcus’ eyes widened at this declaration. He looked at his little brother, his eyes filled with anticipation.

The City of Tranta was a small territory near the Marcus Duchy. With this, it’d be possible for him to meet Lark frequently once he became the Lord of the city. Even Duke Drakus would be powerless to oppose this, since this was an official decree by the King.

But Lui’s excitement was short-lived.

“I’m honored, Your Majesty,” said Lark. “But I have no intention of leaving my territory.”

Everyone in the throne room was stunned upon hearing these words.

Lark was basically saying that he would not exchange that small town in the middle of the wilderness for an already prosperous territory. A city?

Seeing the surprise face of the King, Lark added, “Your Majesty, please allow this subject of yours to be impertinent.”
The King carefully studied Lark. “Go on.”

“Instead of the City of Tranta,” said Lark. “Would it be possible to be granted sovereign over the Endless Forest instead?”

Murmurs filled the throne room once again. The Endless Forest was one of the uncharted territories of the Kingdom. To say it belonged to their country was also a misconception. The Endless Forest was simply so large that even the neighboring countries didn’t know where it ended. The Kingdom claimed ownership over it, but everyone in this throne room knew that no one held sovereignty over that vast territory.

The Endless Forest alone was larger than the entire Kingdom, after all.

The King fell silent. He could not decide whether Lark’s request was too ambitious or if it was mere stupidity. The young man had literally asked the King for a territory larger than the Kingdom itself.

Should he give it to him?

The young man did surrender the glaive of General Alvaren to the royal family the moment he arrived at the capital. Just that weapon alone was worth more than three hundred grand gold coins. Definitely more than enough to cover all the rewards granted in this awarding ceremony, if you exclude the granted territories.

The King tapped his armrest. He continued to ponder. Eventually, he said, “Very well! With my authority as the King, I’m hereby granting you sovereign over the Endless Forest!”

“But your Majesty!” one of the Royal Advisers protested. “Isn’t it too

much? He may be a war hero, but granting such a massive land to a single person is unheard of!”

“Enough!” said the King. He waived his hand and the Royal Adviser shut his mouth. “My decision is final! I believe that this young man deserves at least this much, considering all of his merits in this war!”
The Royal Advisers were obviously displeased with this outcome. Lark ignored them. “Thank you, Your Majesty.”

The King stroked his ashen beard. He stared at Lark for several seconds and said to the guards, “Tell Esmeralda to come here.”

“As you wish, Your Majesty!”

The guards left then came back shortly thereafter, escorting a young woman with them. A woman with platinum hair wearing a simple turquoise dress. Her large, blue eyes nervously swiveled left and right. She froze for a moment upon seeing the numerous nobles, priest, city officials and merchants watching the awarding ceremony, and the military officers kneeling on the ground.

“Esmeralda,” said the King, smiling softly. His voice gentle. “Come. I want to introduce you to someone.”

The young woman was obviously terrified of the huge crowd, but she went toward her father regardless. With elegance befitting someone from the royal family, she walked up the stairs and stood next to King Alvis.

“Lark Marcus,” said the King. “What do you think of my daughter? Beautiful, isn’t she?”

Lark was taken aback by the question. He immediately realized what the King was trying to do in this situation.

Thankfully, he’d experienced such a situation several times before in his previous life. Back then, even the Emperor himself tried pairing Evander Alaester with one of his daughters.

Lark immediately regained composure. He flashed a smile.

“She’s beautiful, Your Majesty.”

Seeing Lark’s smile, and hearing an unknown man praise her in front
of a very large crowd, Esmeralda’s face flushed. This is too embarrassing, she thought.

The King heartily laughed. “Of course, she’s my daughter after all!”

The King boastfully claimed, without the slightest hint of shame. His daughter glared at him for saying something so embarrassing.

“Father!” she whispered. “What are you doing? And this is the awarding ceremony, right? Why did you call me here?”

King Alvis cast an amused smile at his indignant daughter.

He whispered back, “I’m trying to find you a fitting husband. You’re already twenty-one. All of your sisters are already married—”

“—I don’t need a husband!”

Esmeralda realized that her whisper had turned into a shout. All gazes fell on her and she immediately had the urge to hide behind her father or sink into the ground.

King Alvis spoke to Lark. “She may be like this, but she’s a gentle soul. I heard that you are without a wife, moreover a fiancé. Then, how about this? What do you think about becoming part of the royal family?”

Lark looked at Esmeralda. She looked like she wanted to pinch the cheeks of her father hard. She was obviously against this.

“She’s a beautiful woman,” said Lark. “But I have my hands full with managing Blackstone Town. Permit this subject of yours to be impertinent, but I have to decline, Your Majesty.”

Esmeralda looked really relieved upon hearing this. She sighed then clenched her fists while glaring at her father.

King Alvis ignored his fuming daughter. “Is that so? How regretful.
And here I was, thinking I finally found a suitable husband for my daughter.”

-

-

END OF VOLUME 4

WHERE TO FIND VOLUME 5 + AUTHOR’S NOTES:

First of all, thank you for purchasing the book. If you like my work, please take the time to leave a review on Amazon. Their algorithm requires a certain number of reviews before they promote my work. It will really help an indie author like me.

You can find advance chapters of the book at my Patreon page:

patreon.com/crazyblackchili

—Spoiler beware—

Book 5 focuses on the Curse of Agares. The curse of the current King of Lukas. I also hope to incorporate more town building in that book, and if the number of chapters permits it, add a little bit of romance in the story.

Thank you to all of my Patrons!

Especially Elfi, Jamie, Josh, Adams, Henson, and Way.

You guys are the best!

<(^_^)>


CHAPTER 1

After the awarding ceremony, the soldiers of the Coalition Army were given two gold coins each, enough for them to live without working for a year or two. The family of the soldiers who perished in battle was given three gold coins and each of them was posthumously given a bronze medal for sacrificing their lives for the sake of the Kingdom. It wasn’t much, but the rewards were enough to appease the returning soldiers and the souls of those who died.

There were rumors that the National Treasury was almost depleted, that the Kingdom would soon undergo a financial crisis. But despite this, King Alvis made sure to reward the soldiers who fought in the front lines for the country.

Lark believed that the king was right. The money wouldn’t bring the dead back to life, but it would propel the family left behind to continue living forward.

After the rewards were handed out, the Coalition Army was disbanded.

The soldiers started going back to their home town.

Lark and his men were currently outside the city’s gates, on their way to Blackstone Town.

“Brother,” said Lui. “Why don’t you visit Gryphon City? With your recent achievements, I believe it’ll be possible to change Father’s mind. We can live together again in the Duchy. There’ll no longer be a need for you to live in that small town!”

Lark shook his head. “It’s been several months since I left my territory. I need to go back soon. And, brother, you don’t understand. I like Blackstone Town.”

Lui already expected this answer, especially after he heard Lark rejecting the king’s offer of becoming the ruler of Tranta City. Still, he had to ask. He wanted to leave no regrets behind.

“I see.” Lui clenched his fists. “After I take care of the matters in our Duchy, I’ll come to visit you.”

Lark smiled. “You can visit Blackstone Town at any time.”

“And that master of yours?”

“I’ll introduce you to him when the time comes.”

Satisfied with this answer, Lui bade his goodbye and left with his men. The moment Lui left, a middle-aged man with a missing arm approached Lark’s group. Zacharia rode his mount and stopped right next to Lark.

“Going back to that town?”

The war veteran was as stoic as before. He looked disinterested despite asking Lark this question.

“Yes,” Lark nodded, “Baro—no, Viscount. It’s Viscount Zacharia now, right?”

A faint smile formed on Zacharia’s face. He seemed really pleased about being elevated to a Viscount. It was a dream of his ancestors, after all. And he achieved this feat in his generation.

“I heard your sword broke,” said Zacharia. He ordered his soldiers, “The chest, give it to him.”

Zacharia’s soldiers handed Lark a medium-sized chest. Lark opened it, revealing several black ingots.

“Mithril?” said Lark.

Zacharia was surprised that Lark identified the item at first glance. “It’s not much, but it should be enough to make a sword or two. There’s a blacksmith in Lion City called Garma. Tell him I sent you. He knows how to forge weapons out of mithril. He’ll surely help you.”

Even in the black market of Lion City, mithril was impossible to find. Even Big Mona would have a hard time getting his hands on it, despite being a renowned merchant of a major city.

To think that he’ll get his hands on several mithril ingots at once, and for free at that.

Lark closed the chest. “Thank you. I’ll surely repay this favor someday.”

Zacharia looked at him quizzically. “What are you saying, Commander Lark? You’ve saved my life—and the lives of my soldiers. This alone isn’t enough to repay that.”

The soldiers of Zacharia nodded. They all saw Lark favorably, unlike the soldiers of Arzen.

Lark smiled wryly. “Mithril’s not something you can buy with money.”

This was true, especially now that the Dwarven Kingdom had closed off its borders to the other races.

“Then… with this gift, let’s just say that we’re even,” said Lark. He reached out his hand.

Zacharia dismounted and shook Lark’s hand. “I’m envious of your father, the duke. My oldest son will turn ten years old this year. I sincerely hope he’ll grow up like you.”

Zacharia said these words without even flinching. Lark scratched his cheeks in embarrassment.

Zacharia stared at Lark for a moment. “Commander Lark, have you met Valcres before?”

It was a familiar name. Lark didn’t expect to hear it from Zacharia’s mouth.

“The Lord of Lion City?”

Zacharia nodded. “That’s right. That psychopath. The sadistic bastard who loves beastmen meat.”

Zacharia was obviously disgusted. The way he spat those words felt as though Valcres was the most despicable man in the world. It seemed that the two of them had a history, but Lark decided not to ask.

Austen and George looked at each other. They’d been living in Lion City for several years. Indeed, there were rumors among the rats of the slums that the Lord of the City would feed on beastmen meat every now and then. The rumors were so absurd and disgusting that the brothers dismissed it. But to think that it was actually true. Austen and George shivered at this revelation.

“Beastmen meat?” Lark frowned. It was the first time he’d heard of it.

“Be careful of him,” warned Zacharia. “That one’s a backstabbing bastard.”

Zacharia firmly believed that the territory governed by Lark would eventually prosper until it became a small city. Lord Valcres might someday point his sword at Lark and decide to swallow up his territory. Valcres was greedy, after all.

Lark seriously considered Zacharia’s words. Although the time they’d spent in the battlefield was brief, he knew that the war veteran was a trustworthy person.

“Thank you,” said Lark. “I’ll keep that in mind.”

Zacharia mounted his horse. “If you have the time, come visit the Leonard School. My brother’s the current headmaster. I’ll give you a personal tour.”

Lark smiled. “I’ll be sure to visit someday.”

After that exchange, Zacharia and his men left the capital. Slowly, the number of soldiers camped outside the city dwindled. The Coalition Army had really disbanded.

Lark turned toward his men. Over half the Blackstone Knights perished in battle, and a few dozen soldiers died as well. It was not a bad number, but Lark still felt that it was such a waste to have lost so many soldiers. He could create more Blackstone Knights, but he could never bring those who died back to life.

Lark looked at his disciples.

George and Austen were now both capable of casting first-tier spells. Anandra, on the other hand, had grown considerably stronger after facing innumerable imperial soldiers and after personally fighting General Rizel.

And the last disciple. Chryselle.

Lark and Chryselle locked eyes with each other for a moment. She smiled, her eyes filled with excitement, as though she was thrilled to finally go to Blackstone Town.

“Shall we go?” Lark asked his men.

“Yes, Young Master!”

Lark and his men started moving toward Blackstone Town. Behind them were several carts containing hundreds of iron ingots, seeds, and other crops. These were bought at the capital at a relatively cheaper price with the help of the royal family—tax-free.

Lark planned on creating more living suits of armor to help with the massive northern farmlands. Furthermore, it was finally time to convert the western fields of Blackstone Town into arable land. These seeds and new crops would be a great addition to the vast fields of wheat in his territory.

A group of riders approached Lark’s group. The lead knight spoke, “Are you Lark Marcus?”

Lark noticed that the five knights were protecting the rider at the center. A figure clad in a hooded cloak.

“That’s right,” said Lark.

The five knights were obviously elites. The rider at their center was probably a prominent figure in this territory.

The lead knight spoke to the hooded figure, “Princess, it’s fine now.”

Princess?

Lark looked bewilderedly at the rider at the center. She slowly pulled down the hood, revealing a familiar face.

“Princess Esmeralda?” Lark was stunned upon seeing the princess here.

They were already several hours away from the capital. What was she doing here? In the middle of the wilderness?

The princess was clearly disgruntled. She locked eyes with Lark for a moment then immediately averted her gaze.

She looked at the leader of the knights. “Parzival! I can’t believe you’re forcing me to go with this lot! Even if it’s the order of my father,

aren’t you supposed to be serving me? Aren’t you my personal knight? We


could have gone to that  place even without their help!”


Parzival bowed his head. “I’m sorry, Princess. But I cannot go against the wishes of His Majesty.”

Esmeralda glared at the knights. It was clear that she was brought here against her wishes.

“What’s the meaning of this?” asked Lark.

Parzival pulled out a scroll and read its contents. “As decreed by His Majesty, Princess Esmeralda will undergo cultural exchange training at Blackstone Town. This will last for a year. Until then, she won’t be allowed to come back to the capital, unless special circumstances permitted otherwise.”

It sounded stupid. It was obvious that this was a mere pretext of the king to force the princess to come with him.

Cultural exchange training? Just the name alone sounded ridiculous. No wonder the princess was clearly distraught by this development. She also glared at Lark; clearly unhappy about what was happening.

“She’s a princess,” said Lark. “We’ll be passing through monster-infested territories before reaching Blackstone Town.”

Parzival replied confidently, “All of us here are high-ranking knights of the capital. We’ll be responsible for the safety of Princess Esmeralda.”

It was good to hear. At the very least, Lark did not want to be responsible for the security of a royal. He already had his hands full with managing Blackstone Town.

Parzival looked at the coachman momentarily and was stunned upon realizing who it was. It seemed that the famous Mikael Garios was the knight assigned to observe Lark. Currently, Mikael was dressed in dirty tunic as he guided the horses pulling the carts.

Mikael noticed the gaze of Parzival. He wordlessly told the young knight to avert his gaze and mind his own business. Parzival momentarily shuddered upon meeting Mikael’s eyes. He could still remember the hellish training he underwent several years ago in the Military Academy under Instructor Mikael.

Lark looked at the sulking princess then at the knights following behind her.

“Princess,” said Lark. “It’ll take us several weeks before we reach Blackstone Town. Although it’s a bit dirty, we do have free space inside the third cart.”

Although peevish, the princess muttered her thanks then went inside the cart Lark indicated. She must have been tired after riding for several hours to catch up with Lark’s group, as she immediately fell asleep despite the constant rattling of the cart.

After the princess fell asleep, Lark told Parzival, “I expected her to turn tail after hearing that it’ll take several weeks to reach our destination.”

“Well… there’s another reason why she’s coming to your territory. The Endless Forest. The princess deemed that she might find the item she was looking for there,” Parzival replied carefully.

Lark shot a quizzical gaze. “What do you mean?”

Parzival fell silent and didn’t utter another word.

It was true that the king forced her to come to Blackstone Town in hopes that his daughter would become closer to Lark. It seemed that the king highly regarded Lark’s talent in warfare and his ability to govern his territory. He deemed that the second son of Duke Drakus would someday become a prominent figure of the Kingdom. As a monarch, he could not let this opportunity pass.

But the reason why the princess eventually yielded to her father’s request was because of a particular item:

Tears of Ubroxia.

The princess’ personal knights were aware that the king was slowly dying from an unknown curse. And it seemed that the princess found out a few months before that the tears of a certain flower may potentially cure her dying father, and that that flower was known to grow only in two places— the Forbidden Region and the Endless Forest.

The Forbidden Region was too dangerous, even if an entire army escorted her. The only alternative was the Endless Forest.

The king didn’t know that his daughter agreed to come to Blackstone Town because of this.

Thus, despite being clearly against the idea of marriage, the princess eventually conceded and agreed to come along with Lark and his small army. Parzival and his fellow knights felt relieved at this. The princess would be a lot safer during their travel if they rode along with this group.

“What item is the princess looking for?” Lark asked again.

Parzival shook his head. “Nothing. Please pretend you didn’t hear me talking about it. The princess will surely be furious at me if she finds out.”

Lark was curious. What were they trying to find inside the Endless Forest that the princess was willing to travel to a faraway town in the middle of the wilderness?

Seeing that the knight was unwilling to divulge any more information about the matter, Lark decided not to pursue it any further.

CHAPTER 2

When night came, Lark’s group camped in the middle of the forest. His soldiers pitched tents and made campfires. They started grilling the meat they bought from the capital.

To the sheltered princess, this was an entirely new experience. This was the first time she would be sleeping outside—although she’d been given the free space in the third cart as her own private quarters. It was not much, but she knew she still had it better than the soldiers who would be sleeping on cold hard ground.

Sitting near the campfire, the princess observed the soldiers around her. Most of them were merrily chatting the night away, while those who wore full plate armor simply stood nearby. She heard from her knights that the latter weren’t human.

“Princess, you might catch a cold if you stay outside for too long.”

Parzival handed the princess a wool blanket. The princess wrapped herself with it and continued gazing at the campfire, at the crackling and burning kindling, at the sparks which would occasionally fly up into the air.

“Parzival, what if we can’t find it?” said the princess.

“Then we’ll keep searching, for another place, for another way.”

Parzival knew that there were other groups searching for a way to cure the king’s curse. He even heard recently that the Captain of the Royal Knights would be organizing an expedition to the Forbidden Region. A group of handpicked elites would venture there and search for the flower.

The princess must have been somewhat satisfied with her knight’s answer. She no longer sulked. She regained the glimmer in her eyes.

“I heard that the Endless Forest is big,” she said. Her voice was filled with conviction. “We’ll surely find it. Even if it takes us months, a year— we’ll keep looking.”

Parzival smiled. “Your knights will be sure to protect you, Princess.”

After eating dinner, the princess went back inside her cart and fell asleep. Her personal knights took turns guarding her.

Parzival went toward the cart located at the rear. He leaned on it and spoke to the coachman.

“It’s been a while, Instructor.”

The coachman— Mikael—looked at the direction where Lark was located. After making sure that no one was eavesdropping, he spoke, “Parzival. I didn’t expect to see you here, and with the princess at that.”

“A whim of His Majesty,” said Parzival. “And it so happens that it coincided with the current goal of the princess.”

Parzival studied his former instructor’s appearance. Currently, Mikael looked like a serf. His clothes were worn out and his skin was dirty, as though he hadn’t taken a bath for several days.

“I also didn’t expect to see Instructor here,” said Parzival. “I didn’t know that you’re the observer assigned to Lark Marcus.”

“It’s more than half a year now that I’ve been observing him,” said Mikael. “A basket full of surprises. Sometimes I’ve even started questioning if he’s really just a kid.”

This was the first time Parzival had heard Mikael praise someone to this extent. He also heard of Lark’s feats during the war with the Empire.

“Radulf’s been assigned to observe Kalavinka Kelvin,” said Parzival. “The last time we met, he told me that the kid’s a shut-in, but becomes a demon during a naval battle.”

“The genius of the Navy, huh?” Mikael had heard of Kalavinka before.

“The Mullgray Pirates are becoming hard to keep in check lately,” said Parzival. “I heard they even started attacking the ports of the Empire. But they were always defeated by Kalavinka.”

“It’s great that the young ones are stepping up,” said Mikael.

There were a lot of talented individuals in the younger generation.

And, surprisingly, most of them came from noble families.

Lui Marcus, Kalavinka Kelvin, Lark Marcus.

Even the three sons of Count Boris—Aris, Mokuva and Arzen—had already made a name for themselves, despite their young age. Unfortunately, the Boris brothers weren’t eligible for the competition for the throne.

“If Kalavinka wins the competition for the throne, we might enter the golden age of sea exploration.” Parzival grinned just thinking about it. “And Lui Marcus is not a bad choic—”

Parzival stopped midway. He and Mikael noticed several eyes glowing in the darkness of the forest. Soon, growls were heard. All of the soldiers immediately pulled out their weapons and the knights of Princess Esmeralda surrounded the cart where she slept.

“Wolves,” Mikael said calmly. He could clearly see the wolves hidden in the sea of trees. “Parzival, the princess.”

The wolves slowly approached the camp. Drool dripped from their mouths. The scent of grilled meat must have attracted the pack.

Parzival immediately went toward the cart where the princess was located. She must have been woken up by the clanking of metal and the growling sounds, as she opened the flap covering her cart and looked

outside, only to be terrified upon seeing over a dozen wolves slowly approaching the camp.

“Princess, it’s dangerous. Please go back inside.”

Parzival stood right in front of the princess, his hand holding his sword.

The leader of the pack howled, and, on cue, the entire wolf pack attacked. The soldiers were about to engage in battle when lightning suddenly rained down from the sky and struck several wolves at once. The lightning crackled dangerously as it burned down the wolves’ bodies. The yelps and death throes of the wolves echoed in the forest.

Seeing this, the remaining wolves immediately halted in their tracks. Even the alpha wolf was apparently terrorized, frozen in place, unable to attack.

After the lightning spell ended, several scorched bodies laid on the forest ground, lifeless.

The soldiers looked at the red-haired woman who cast the spell. Unbaffled that the soldiers were looking at her, Chryselle pointed a finger at the alpha wolf. A bolt of lightning shot out and pierced the target’s body, killing it on the spot.

After the death of their leader, the rest of the wolves immediately scurried out of sight, disappearing into the dark forest.

Chryselle sighed and wiped the sweat off her forehead. She was glad that her spell had worked perfectly.

“Chantless magic,” said Lark. “Quite impressive for someone your age.”

Chryselle smiled wryly after hearing that from Lark—a magician younger and more powerful than her.

“Oh! As expected of an Elde—”

Austen almost blurted out her identity. Chryselle covered Austen’s mouth and glared at him. Lark smiled, amused upon seeing this sight. Chryselle would probably become stronger than this once she underwent Lark’s private magic lessons. She already had the fundamentals, after all.

“Who’s that?”

Parzival and his fellow knights stared at the red-haired woman. Just from that spell alone, they were sure she was a high-ranking magician of the Kingdom. The princess was wide-eyed as she looked at Chryselle. It was the first time she had encountered such a strong female magician.

“Princess?”

Parzival was surprised when the princess suddenly jumped out of the cart and approached the red-haired woman.

“That was amazing!” said Princess Esmeralda. “And you’re quite beautiful too! How perfect!”

Chryselle froze when the princess suddenly approached her and muttered embarrassing praises. She didn’t reply, not knowing what to say.
The princess’ eyes were glimmering as she stared at Chryselle.

“Ah, I haven’t introduced the two of you to each other,” said Lark. “This is Princess Esmeralda, the youngest daughter of His Majesty.”

Chryselle nodded slowly. She knew this already.

“And Chryselle,” said Lark. “My fourth disciple.”

The princess stared dumbfoundedly at Lark after that last statement. “D-Disciple? Her?”

The sheltered princess couldn’t understand why someone like her, who could kill several wolves at once, was a mere disciple of a young man who hadn’t even undergone the coming of age ceremony.

The princess was a very easy person to read, unlike Lark.

Chryselle bent her head forward slightly and made a curtsy. She held elegance only seen in High Nobles. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Princess. I

heard that you’re also coming to Blackstone Town. We’ll be seeing each other often then. I hope we can get along.”

The princess was thrilled at those words. She found Chryselle as beautiful as her second oldest sister. Furthermore, unlike the royals, she was very capable in magic spells.

“Chryselle, is it?” The princess held out her hand. “You can just call me Esmeralda. There’s no need for formalities! Become my friend!”

How straightforward.

The princess had frequently avoided Lark’s gaze since they’d met, but she seemed determined to make Chryselle her friend. Lark smiled at this innocence.

Chryselle smiled. Her voice was soothing. “Is that so? This is my first time making a friend from the royal family.”

The two chattered with each other. The princess completely forgot the fact that they were almost attacked by wolves just a while ago. Parzival and the rest of the knights were conflicted about whether or not this was a good development.

“Well, at least the princess has made a friend,” sighed Parzival.

Parzival looked at Lark’s group. There were a lot of strong people in this army—even his former instructor was here, pretending to be a mere

coachman. Tagging along with them was indeed a wise decision. At the very least, the princess would be safe until they’d arrived at their destination.

***

Days passed by quickly.

As they made their way toward Blackstone Town, the group was occasionally attacked by monsters, but the living suits of armor and the Blackstone Soldier easily dealt with them. It seemed that after fighting with the imperial soldiers, mere goblins and kobolds no longer felt threatening to them.

There was also a group of archers with frighteningly strong firepower. Each of their arrows was capable of shattering the skulls of the kobolds, rendering the monsters unable to even initiate an attack.

No wonder Instructor Mikael remained calm all throughout the journey. He was already aware of the strength of this army.

The group arrived at Wizzert City and started restocking their rations.

Lark asked Chryselle if she wanted to visit the tower for a moment while they restocked their supplies, but she adamantly refused the offer. She also concealed her identity with a hooded cloak and refused to come inside

the city, afraid that her brother would detect her magic signature if she came closer.

Lark’s group stayed in the city for only a few hours, before continuing their journey toward Blackstone Town.

Finally, the group arrived at the Lake of Full Moon. The lake was vast, probably as large as the capital itself. The water was crystal clear, as though it had never been soiled by human hands.

“Leader,” one of the knights said to Parzival. “Those ruins…”

Parzival frowned as he looked at the direction where the knight pointed at. A ruined fortress was seen near the lake. The walls had crumbled and the watchtowers had fallen down the ground.

Before coming, the knights did their research. They knew that they would need to pass this dangerous lake in order to arrive at Blackstone Town. They knew that during a full moon, thousands of monsters would come out of this lake and attack everyone nearby.

“It’ll be a week before another full moon comes,” said Parzival. “There’ll be no need for us to fight the monsters of the lake.”

The knights were relieved upon hearing this.

“Chryselle, look!” The princess gawked at the lake. “Isn’t it beautiful!”

Currently, Chryselle and the princess were inside the same cart. They both stared at the crystal-clear water of the lake, admiring its beauty. This was the first time the princess had seen a lake of this scale. It was so large that she couldn’t see its end.

“Yes, it’s beautiful, Princess.” Chryselle smiled as she watched the glimmering eyes of Princess Esmeralda.

Chryselle knew that this lake was monster-infested, that it would turn into the most horrendous place on this continent once the twin moons appeared in the sky. But she decided not to tell that to the princess. They would simply be passing through this place, after all. She did not want to shatter such a pure soul.

After passing the lake, the group eventually arrived at Lion City. The towers Lark built for the city were still intact. And judging by the scorch marks they saw outside, it seemed that the monsters from the lake could no longer even come close—they were immediately shot down by the towers before they could even climb the walls.

Lark decided they would stay here for the night. He rented an entire inn for his men then went to visit the merchants guild.

After revealing his identity, the clerk’s eyes widened.

“W-Wait a moment, please!” she said, almost squeaking. “I’ll inform the head merchant right away!”

She ran up the stairs and moments after, returned, and said to him, “The head merchant agreed to meet you. This way, please!”

Lark was led to the same room on the second floor. But this time, he could no longer feel any guards hiding next to the walls.

Big Mona entered the room. He grinned broadly upon seeing Lark. “My dearest partner! I’m so glad you’ve come back alive!”

The middle-grade potion had been selling for a fortune these days, and even the low-grade healing potions were selling like rye bread. Their quality was far superior to those made by the alchemists in the capital. Soldiers, mercenaries, and even nobles started coveting them.

Furthermore, the kalrane stones were starting to become popular among the High Nobles. Big Mona had made several hundred gold coins from them since his deal with Lark started.

To Big Mona, Lark was like God Gaia—the God of Earth, Harvest, and Benevolence. He was really pleased when Lark came to give him a visit.
Big Mona poured wine into a goblet and handed it to Lark. “Please drink. It’s been months since we’ve last seen each other. How’s the capital? I heard you’re the one who slew the Ghost of the Empire.”

Lark sipped his wine. “Just a lucky strike.”

“Is that so?” Big Mona understood that Lark didn’t want to recount the story.

“How are the towers?” said Lark.

“Perfect. After the towers were completed, the monsters from the lake couldn’t even come close to the city. The soldiers are also becoming more proficient in using them. During the last wave, we suffered zero casualties.”

Lark was impressed. The soldiers were probably capable now of freely shifting the tower blocks located at its base, switching from long-range, single magic attacks to shorter-range, wide-area spells.

Now that Lion City was capable of suppressing the monsters, Lark would no longer have to worry about them reaching his territory.

“The monster corpses?” said Lark.

Big Mona started filling his mouth with snacks. He spoke, his mouth half-full. “We’ve sent them to Blackstone Town. I’ve always kept my part of the deal, partner.”

There were probably hundreds of monster corpses stored in the underground chamber of his mansion by now, rotting. Lark was satisfied that he could immediately proceed with creating more Blackstone Knights once he arrived at the town.

“How long are you going to stay here?” said Big Mona.

“We’ll go back to Blackstone Town tomorrow morning.”

Big Mona rubbed his chin. “Tomorrow, huh? Listen—” Big Mona’s voice turned serious all of a sudden. “Valcres plans on subjugating the monsters of the lake.”

Shrewd. Cowardly. These were Lark’s first impression of the Lord of Lion City when he’d met him back then. Lark had not expected that stubby man to organize a subjugation force to clear the lake of monsters.

“That’s impossible,” said Lark. “It’ll be a suicide mission.”

Based on reports, the monsters attacking Lion City were only a portion of the monsters from the lake. Although a major city, Lion City had only a few thousand soldiers to protect its territory. Even if the City Lord sent all of them to subjugate the monsters of the lake, it would be impossible to kill all of those monsters.

“That’s right,” Big Mona agreed.

“How does he plan to subjugate them?” said Lark.

“About that,” Big Mona said slowly, “Valcres hopes that you’ll be able to build some towers near the lake. You’ll have a few weeks to finish it with the help of the soldiers after the next full moon passes.”

“No,” said Lark. “Tell him that I won’t be building any more towers for his city. If he truly wishes to subjugate the monsters of the lake, ask for help from the royal family.”

This should be enough to deter the foolish lord from sending his soldiers to their deaths.

Based on the available data on the lake, Lark surmised that it was not simply a monster-infested region. There was no way tens of thousands of monsters could remain hidden underneath that lake for almost a month, only to come out once the full moon was high above the sky.

Even if they cleared all the monsters during the full moon, there was no guarantee that they wouldn’t respawn afterward. Lark felt that it was too foolish to form a subjugation team with just the current information they had in their hands.

Big Mona shared Lark’s sentiments. He seemed pleased at Lark’s reply. He chuckled. “Of course, I’ll be sure to tell the lord that.”

“Why does the lord suddenly want to subjugate the monsters of the lake?” said Lark. “I heard that the lake had remained untouched for several decades. Even the previous lord of this city didn’t dare touch those monsters.”

“Money,” said Big Mona. “We’ve recently learned that there’s an adamantine vein deep within the lake.”

Lark’s interest was piqued. An adamantine vein was hard to find, even back in the Magic Empire. It was the ideal material when making a maginus and other magic weapons.

“Normally, it would take several days, or weeks to mine a single ore. It’s harder than mithril, after all,” said Big Mona. “But with the vein’s current location, we’d be lucky enough to mine even one in a month or two. And there’s also the monsters of the lake to consider.”

“I see.”

Everything finally made sense. Why Lord Valcres suddenly started organizing a subjugation force to annihilate the monsters of the lake. If he gained unrestricted access to the adamantine vein, he’d become one of the richest lords not just in this country, but in the entire continent.

“I’ve already told Valcres to forget about the adamantine,” said Big Mona. “I’m pretty sure we’re not the first ones to discover it. The previous lord might even be aware of it but decided to conceal this fact to the general public. There’s a reason why no one managed to mine those ores all these years.”

Lark was reminded of the mithril given to him by Viscount Zacharia.

“I heard there’s a blacksmith called Garma in this city,” said Lark. “Do you know where I can find him?”

“Ah. That old man’s quite famous.” Big Mona walked toward the map of the city plastered on the wall and pointed at the place where the smithy was located. “Here. Just ask around. He’s pretty famous around the area, so it should be pretty easy to find him. But that old man’s grumpy. He’s quite picky and won’t take just any request.”

Lark was told that the blacksmith would immediately agree to work on his weapon as long as he mentioned Zacharia’s name. He was confident that the blacksmith would agree to make him a weapon made out of mithril.

CHAPTER 3

After meeting with Big Mona, Lark immediately went toward the smithy. It was easy to find since it was the only smithy in that area. Although it was already dusk, the sound of hammer striking iron resounded in the street. Lark followed it and arrived at a rundown bungalow. From the windows, Lark could see a muscular old man next to the furnace.

Lark knocked on the door. After several seconds, there was no reply. It seemed that the old man was too absorbed in his work to bother checking who’s knocking at this hour.

Lark knocked again. “Hello? I’m here to meet the blacksmith, Garma.”

The old man glanced at Lark, frowned, then continued striking the iron with the hammer.

Lark pondered whether or not he should wait for the old man to finish, but eventually decided against it. There was no guarantee that the blacksmith would be done anytime soon, and he’d decided to go back to Blackstone Town tomorrow morning with his men.

“I came here under the recommendation of Viscount Zacharia.”

At those words, the old man halted. He stared at Lark for several seconds, before placing down the hammer. With loud, brisk steps, he

yanked the door open and glared at the unwanted visitor.

“What is it, kid?” he said, spit flying out of his mouth.

“I came here under the recommendation of Viscount Zacharia,” repeated Lark, unfazed by the glaring muscular old man. “Are you the blacksmith called Garma?”

The old man studied Lark from head to foot. The kid reeked of the word noble and he didn’t like it.

“That’s right.” Garma nodded. “What do you want?”

Lark dropped the bag he was holding, creating loud clanking sound. He opened it and revealed several silver-black ingots inside.

The hostile glare of the blacksmith vanished in an instant. His eyes widened. “Mithril?” he breathed. He stared at Lark for a moment. “This Viscount you spoke of—”

“—A former Baron,” said Lark.

Finally, Garma understood. Slowly, a grin formed on the grumpy old man’s lips. He clenched his fists. “That bastard. Zacharia… He became a Viscount, huh?”

Garma looked outside. It was already dark.

“Name?” said Garma.

“Lark Marcus. Lord of Blackstone Town.”

Garma seemed unfazed by the fact that Lark was a noble. He did not even care that he seemed to be part of House Marcus—one of the three Ducal Houses of the Kingdom.

“I heard the news of the Empire’s defeat,” said the blacksmith. “How’d you meet that fighting maniac? That Zacharia?”

Fighting maniac? The former Baron did not give such an impression during the brief time the two of them had spent during the war.

“Viscount Zacharia was appointed as the Commander of the First Army,” said Lark. “And I was assigned as the Commander of the Third Army.”

Garma nodded. He already knew this based on the story circulating among the masses, but he wanted to hear it from Lark firsthand regardless.

“Come in, kid,” said the blacksmith. “I want to hear the rest of the story.”

Lark entered the smithy, the door was shut, and the blacksmith started serving water and brown bread. After hearing Lark’s recount of the story, and after confirming that Zacharia was indeed the one who’d sent him, Garma’s demeanor took a hundred- and eighty-degree turn.

“Hahaha!” The blacksmith laughed boisterously as he repeatedly slammed his muscular hands on the table before him. “Zacharia got his ass handed to him by General Alvaren, huh!”

Garma wiped the tears at the corner of his eyes. For some reason, he was really amused after hearing that his friend was defeated on his first encounter with the Magic Slayer.

As Lark continued his recount of the story, he noticed that the blacksmith was interested only in the parts the Viscount was in.

After remembering that the Viscount was certain that Garma would help him as long as Lark mentioned his name, Lark’s curiously pondered on their relationship.

Lark finally asked, “What’s your relationship with the Viscount?”

“I’m his half-brother,” said Garma.

Seeing Lark’s surprise, the blacksmith added, “I threw away my nobility as soon as I took the hammer. I was born to become a blacksmith, and I will die as a blacksmith. The hammer and the furnace are the air I breathe.”

Garma’s eyes were filled with conviction. He was definitely a craftsman proud of his work.

For a moment, Lark felt that it was such a waste that such a passionate individual was working at Lion City and not at the capital. He must have had his reasons; Lark decided not to ask.

“Then, the mithril—”

“—I’ll do it.”

Lark smiled broadly. He was glad that the blacksmith agreed to his request easily, just like Zacharia stated. Although it was possible to create weapons by smelting iron using magic, the same was not true for mithril. Lark would need a blacksmith capable of handling mithril in order to forge weapons made out of it.

“What kind of weapon do you want?” said Garma. “With that amount, it’ll be possible to create a sword and a spear.”

Lark took out a parchment and showed the weapon’s design to the blacksmith. “This one.”

Garma was surprised. It was neither a sword nor a spear.

A cube with peculiar intertwining symbols engraved on them. The inside was hollow, as though meant to contain a certain item. Furthermore, it was designed in a way that made it possible for the cube to break into eight smaller pieces.

Garma had been a blacksmith his entire life, but this was the first time he’d seen such a peculiar design.

“This is?” Garma could not understand what the item was for.

“A medium,” said Lark. “I can always buy swords made of iron, but I might not get my hands on mithril again. It would be a waste to use them to forge common weapons.”

“A medium,” repeated the blacksmith.

“I’m sure you’ve seen the towers protecting this city from the monsters of the lake,” said Lark. “Think of it as a smaller, portable version of them.”
Garma easily understood what this meant. He stared at the blueprint.

Indeed, the base of the towers resembled the one drawn in this blueprint.

For the first time since they’d met, the blacksmith was flustered. “Is it really okay for you to give me this? What if I decide to sell this blueprint to the nobles? To the Magic Tower?”

Lark shook his head. “You’re someone the Viscount trusted.” Lark sipped his water and added, “And someone like you, who has spent all his life as a blacksmith, wouldn’t let such an opportunity pass by. It’s not every day you’ll get the chance to work on an item capable of rivaling the magician’s towers, right?”

Lark trusted in his ability to judge people. This grumpy old man probably wouldn’t even tell other people he’d met Lark.

The blacksmith took the blueprint then stared at the mithril. “The size?”

Lark tapped his head with a finger. “The size of a human head. How many can you make?”

The blacksmith fell silent for a moment. “Although mithril’s far stronger than iron, it’ll require at least two ingots to complete one of them, since I’ll have to engrave those symbols on the cube’s walls. There’s also this peculiar design I have to consider. I take it that it should be possible for a large cube to break into eight smaller pieces, correct?”

Lark nodded.

The blacksmith raised two fingers. “Two cubes. Twelve gold coins each. Give me half a month and I’ll deliver them to you personally.”

Lark looked at the blacksmith with eyes filled with interest. He was expecting that it would take him at least a month to finish, but to think that he was capable of finishing it in just two weeks—he was certainly a capable blacksmith. The price offered was also neither too cheap nor too expensive, considering the skills needed to finish this work.

Unfortunately, the number of ingots at hand was limited. Lark wasn’t sure if he could get his hands on them again any time soon, considering their rarity. But this amount of metal should be enough to create his desired magic item. Creating the cube wouldn’t be possible with just any metal.

Lark grinned. “Perfect.”

After their meeting, Lark bought a cheap iron sword from Garma’s shop and went back to the inn. Morning came and their group set out for Blackstone Town.

***

The entire Blackstone Town was in an uproar upon the arrival of Lark and his men. It seemed that the news of their victory had already spread even to this remote place, as banners hung on the streets and everyone was in a festive mood.

“Young Master!” Gaston willed back the tears in his eyes. “I’m really glad that you’re safe!”

More than a thousand citizens of Blackstone Town cheered as Lark and his men passed through the main road leading toward the Central Plaza. Lark could see several unfamiliar faces. They also passed through several newly built residences, and there was even a newly opened tavern near the Central Plaza.

The entire town was bustling with life. A stark contrast to the dreary and hopeless atmosphere it had almost a year ago.

“It feels like the population of Blackstone Town doubled in number,” said Lark.

“Tripled,” corrected Gaston, his voice filled with pride. “We have a little over three thousand people living in Blackstone Town now.”

Lark was surprised. He expected the immigrants to be five hundred at most. It seemed that their recruitment notices in the cities were more effective than he’d thought.

Well, it was to be expected, considering the monthly salaries they’d offered.

“Young Master,” said Gaston. “We’ve managed to fill the job vacancies, and we’ve also recruited almost a hundred new soldiers. But at this rate, we’ll run out of gold in the treasury. The remaining funds are only enough to pay everyone’s salaries for the next two months.”

This was expected. After all, Lark made sure that the town’s development wouldn’t be halted, even in his absence. Infrastructures were being built left and right concurrently. And they did not stop with the recruitment of helping hands for the mines, farmlands, and for the security

of Blackstone Town. There was also the free food they’d been giving out, at least until the harvest season arrived.

“I met Big Mona before coming back here,” said Lark. “I’ve collected the rent for the towers at Lion City. There’s also the reward from His Majesty too. Do not halt our projects. Once Blackstone Town becomes self-sustainable, everything will eventually come back to us in the form of taxes.”

The large-scale project of building several residences was eating away over a hundred gold coins from the treasury each month. But over time, it would also become one of the biggest sources of revenue for Lark’s territory.

“Of course.” Gaston bowed his head. “As you wish.”

“The status of the northern farmlands?”

“We’ve started the second batch of harvest last week. The farmers are working on them even now as we speak.”

Lark smiled. It was good news. After several months of arduous work, they were finally reaping the fruits of their labor.

