The amount of wheat in the northern farmland was enough to feed even a major city. With Blackstone Town’s current population, there would

definitely be a surplus. It meant an additional source of funds for their territory.

“The granaries?” said Lark.

“Ready to use,” said Gaston. “Sir Silver Claw built them near the mansion. And just like you’ve requested, it’s almost five stories tall.”

“I’ll leave the harvest in your hands, Gaston. It should be possible for us to store a year’s worth of wheat in the granary. This way, our people won’t die of hunger during winter. For the excess, coordinate with the merchants from Lion City. I’ve already told Big Mona about this.”

While this conversation was ongoing, Mikael—currently disguised as a coachman—listened. He was stunned upon seeing the developments the town underwent during the time they were away. And now, it seemed that the Lord of Blackstone Town had also solved the food problem.

The other city lords were currently struggling with filling the bellies of their subjects since it hadn’t even been a year since the last Black Famine. It was hard to imagine that a town like this, situated in the middle of the wilderness, had managed to produce so much wheat that they’ll be selling the excess to the nearby territories of the Kingdom.

When they finally entered the mansion, Lark introduced the people clad in hooded cloaks.

“Gaston, this is Her Highness,” said Lark, “Princess Esmeralda. Youngest daughter of His Majesty. Behind her are her knights.”

Princess Esmeralda and her knights pulled down their hoods. They didn’t bow or salute, but they acknowledged the butler with their eyes.

Gaston fell silent. He probably hadn’t expected the young master to bring a woman home, moreover a royal at that.

Gaston bowed his head at the princess. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Your Highness.”

The butler faced Lark. He carefully asked, “Young Master, does His Majesty know… that the princess is here?”

The butler was worried that the princess had eloped with the young master. If that was true, then they would be soon facing the wrath of the royal family. Gaston shivered at the thought.

“Don’t worry. The princess is here under the orders of His Majesty. What did His Majesty call it? Cultural exchange training?” Lark chuckled at the stupid name.

The princess’ face flushed slightly, but she kept her silence. She also thought that it sounded ridiculous.

Lark noticed the confusion within the butler’s eyes, but he did not elaborate further. He did not mention that the king asked him to marry the

princess—and that he refused the offer.

It would only add unnecessary commotion, something Lark did not wish for at the moment. Some words were better left unsaid, Lark thought.

“And this is Chryselle,” Lark introduced Chryselle to the butler. “Although temporary, she’s my newest disciple.”

Gaston and Chryselle locked eyes with each other.

Chryselle smiled at the butler and lightly bowed her head. “Pleasure to meet you, Sir. I’ll be staying at Blackstone Town for the moment. I hope we can get along.”

The red-haired woman’s every movement was filled with elegance and grace. Gaston was sure that she was a High Noble. The only question was from which family.

Gaston bowed his head. “It’s also a pleasure to meet you, Lady Chryselle.”

Gaston said to Lark, “We’ve prepared a banquet for the Young Master and his men. Please, this way.”

Gaston led the group toward the grand hall of the mansion. The large wooden table was filled with several delicacies and bards played next to the staircase. Lark noticed that this feast was more extravagant than usual. Last

time he checked, there were no bards in Blackstone Town. They must have been from Lion City, or from other nearby territories.

Once everyone was inside the grand hall, Gaston signaled the servants.

On cue, a large banner fell down the ceiling.

Lark’s eyes widened upon reading the words written on it.


Congratulations on your victory against the Empire, Young Master.

And


Happy Seventeenth Birthday.


Lark didn’t even know it was his birthday. He had no idea since he did not inherit the memories of the previous owner of his body.

His disciples—Anandra, George, Austen, and Chryselle—stared at him. They didn’t know that it was the birthday of their master, and they hadn’t prepared a single gift. Even the princess cast glances his way every now and then.

The servants cheered, and the soldiers soon followed suit. The entire grand hall was filled with a celebratory mood. Everyone kept greeting the young master.

Seventeen was considered an adult in this world. It was one of the most important events in one’s life not only for nobles but even for commoners. No wonder the grand hall was filled with luxurious delicacies.

“It’s been three days since your birthday,” said Gaston. “But since you were not yet here, we decided to postpone the celebration until today. Happy birthday, Young Master.”

Gaston looked at Lark as though looking at his own son. The old man was smiling gently, his face filled with wrinkles. He had been taking care of Lark since his birth. Gaston never had a son, nor a wife. To the old man, Lark was his family. This was why he chose to follow Lark all the way here, even after he was exiled by the duke.

Gaston handed Lark a small wooden box.

“It’s not much, but please accept the gift of this old man.”

Lark opened the box and took out the necklace inside. It was made of silver and a small green gemstone was attached to it. Although it was probably not that expensive, this was the first birthday gift Lark had received since taking over this body.

Lark was filled with various emotions but decided not to show it on his face. He smiled broadly. “Thank you. I’ll be sure to cherish this gift.”

That night, Lark’s group ate and drank merrily until midnight.

CHAPTER 4

The next day, Lark gathered the officials of Blackstone Town inside the mansion. Several people sat in the room. A medium-sized map of the region was plastered on the wall.

Lark looked at all the people gathered.

The officer in charge of the Southern District, including the livestock and the umami salts—Pico.

The head mason of Blackstone Town and the officer in charge of the Eastern District—Silver Claw.

The head of the farmers—Oliver.

The head miner—Cooper.

The so-called scholar and current teacher of the soldiers—Melody.

The captain of the Blackstone Soldiers—Qarat.

And finally, Lark’s butler—Gaston.

These men had been supporting Blackstone Town for almost a year now, and they had continued to do so even after Lark left for the war. Although not everyone was talented, they all held the best interest of the town in mind. Lark was sure of this.

Lark cleared his throat. “First, I’d like to thank everyone for managing the town while I was away. I’ve already been briefed by Gaston beforehand regarding the developments the town underwent during my absence.”

The butler nodded at the young master’s words.

“I gathered all of you here today for several reasons,” said Lark. “First, to hear your reports, the status regarding your assigned regions. Second, to make some important announcements, particularly about the direction Blackstone Town is going to take in the future. And third, to allocate an appropriate budget to each department.”

Lark looked at the dark-skinned man across the room. “First, let’s hear from the Southern District.”

Pico was obviously terrified of the idea of giving a status report before everyone. He stuttered, “A-After the snow melted, we planted more Loi Plants as planned. C-Currently, we’re able to produce around half a kilo of umami salt each day. Just like the Young Master said, it’s possible to store the salt for months, as long as it’s kept away from insects and bugs.”

Spices were expensive in this era and the price of ordinary salt was high. It was no wonder that even in major cities, the food seemed bland compared to that served back in the Magic Empire.

“I’ve already spoken with a few local seamstresses,” said Lark. “We’ll pack the salt into smaller bags. The supply is limited, so we’ll aim for higher prices by using exquisite packaging aimed to attract the nobility and by advertising it as a limited item. Judging by the food in Lion City and the capital, I’m confident that umami salt will become a big hit once introduced to the local market.”

Pico gained more confidence upon hearing the young master’s words. He hadn’t expected the umami salt to hold this much significance in their acquisition of funds.

“The Poultry Farm?” said Lark

Pico cleared his throat. “We finished the construction of the coops two months ago. The device introduced by the young master was simply amazing. We’ve been hatching almost a hundred eggs each day and even after selling the chickens to our local market, there are still enough to export to Lion City.”

“Good work.” Lark nodded. He looked at everyone in the room and said, “I’m sure all of you are aware of this already—our priority is the local market, the market of Blackstone Town. The nearby territories are secondary. This is especially true now that we’re getting an influx of immigrants from the city and the other towns and villages in the nearby

territories. Our people are our greatest asset in developing this town, and to retain them, we’ll have to make sure there’s ample and affordable food in the local market.”

“Yes, Young Master!” the officers replied.

Lark looked at the document he held in his hand. He spoke to the head mason, “Silver Claw. I’ve seen the newly built tavern in the Central Plaza. Impressive as always.”

Silver Claw smiled. “Thank you, Young Master. The second floor’s an inn, catered to travelers. With Blackstone Town’s current growth, there’s no doubt that people will come flocking in the future. We already have several travelers coming from Lion City. The tavern and inn have been generating a steady flow of income these past few weeks.”

Lark pointed at an area on the map, at the Eastern District of Blackstone Town.

“Now that the library’s been finished, I plan on building a small school next to it,” said Lark. “Two stories tall, three rooms each floor. We’ll be conducting classes there, so each room should be large enough to accommodate at least a hundred people at once.”

Silver Claw rubbed his chin and nodded in understanding. “I see. So this is the reason the Young Lord insisted on leaving the plot of land next to

the library vacant.”

“For now, building the school will be your top priority,” said Lark. “How soon can you finish this task?”

“We’ve managed to hire more workers lately, due to the sudden influx of immigrants. It should be possible to finish it in a month. Maybe less than that.”

“Perfect,” said Lark. “Next, Melody.”

The so-called Scholar eagerly replied, “Yes!”

“Starting today, every night, you are to come to the mansion and learn Arithmetic and Language from me. I know you’ve already been studying them using the books I gave you before, but there might be a bottleneck. There’s a limit when learning everything on your own. I also bought several books from the capital. History, Theology, Agriculture, and Geography. I don’t believe there’s a conflict with the law if we were to mass reproduce these books in Blackstone Town and use them in our curriculum.”

Books were considered expensive commodities in this era. Copying already written books and mass producing them using the tools on the third floor of the library would greatly reduce their expenses. Thankfully, there was no law prohibiting the reproduction of books in this Kingdom.

Lark looked at everyone in the room. “The night lessons apply to everyone else in this room, apart from the head mason. All of you are to come to the mansion each night and learn how to read and write. I will also teach you basic arithmetic afterward. We’ll continue doing this until I’ve taught you the basics. Understood?”

The other officers were surprised that they were also included in this, but they nodded their heads regardless.

“Yes, Young Master!”

“The school will become Melody’s battleground. You’ll be tasked to teach the citizens of Blackstone Town,” said Lark. “This time not just the soldiers, even the serfs, the servants, the miners, the farmers. All of them, regardless of rank and status.”

Melody felt the heavy weight of responsibility on her shoulders, but she did not back down. For some reason, she found joy in teaching other people. She always came home feeling fulfilled after teaching the soldiers the basics of reading and writing.

“We’ll try to find assistants for Melody later on, but with the Kingdom’s current level of education, we’ll have to settle for what we have for now.”

Lark turned toward the middle-aged man sitting next to Pico.

“Oliver.”

Unlike Pico, Oliver seemed unperturbed upon the mention of his name. He bobbed his head and began his report. “We started the harvest last week. A surprisingly abundant harvest, considering the fact that the Northern Land was considered to be nonarable for the past several years.”

Oliver grinned. “I’m not sure if the Young Master has seen it, but the unending gold and green is amazing! I’ve never seen such a vast wheat field! We’ve been harvesting so much wheat that we’re almost close to filling the entire granary! With this, our people will no longer have to fear dying of hunger during winter!”

Oliver’s last words had a great impact on the officers. Just a year ago, several people died from hunger and the cold. But after all these reformations, it seemed that such things would now become distant memories. They would no longer fear the coming of winter.

After Oliver, the head miner gave his report. According to him, they’d managed to uncover two more areas in the mine, and it seemed that the seventh area was by far the largest one so far. The only downside was it was way too deep underground and, with the lack of flowing air, the miners were at risk of dying from asphyxia.

Until they managed to find a way to solve this problem, Lark decided that mining would be limited to the sixth area of the cavern.

Captain Qarat also gave a brief report regarding the status of the soldiers. Although they’d lost a lot of their men during the war with the Empire, over a hundred new recruits had joined their ranks. It seemed that the soldiers who’d joined the war with the Empire were now being revered by the new recruits. The first day the veterans returned to the town, the recruits started asking them to tell stories about the war during their free time.

Lark found it amusing that the soldiers—who couldn’t even kill mere goblins several months ago—were now considered war veterans by the new recruits. Well, their skills had indeed increased a lot since then. Lark was even confident that they wouldn’t lose to the soldiers of Lion City. Surviving the war with the Empire was also a tremendous feat by itself, and Lark had no intention of dismissing the achievements of his soldiers.

After everyone had given their reports. Lark discussed the direction Blackstone Town was going to take. Mainly, he discussed the projects he had formulated during his absence. After earning a hefty sum from the war, he now had enough funds to support several concurrent projects in Blackstone Town.

He also started allocating the budget for each department. Silver Claw was especially stunned after his department received a thousand gold coins, meant for building a watermill and a waterway connected to the town, and for the development of residences and school in the Eastern District.

***


After meeting the officials of Blackstone Town, Lark went straight toward the underground chamber of the mansion. Just like before, a putrid stench assaulted him the moment he opened the metallic door. For a moment, he wondered how the servants managed to store all the monster corpses here.

Lark cast his spell and a translucent bubble formed around his head, preventing the stench from assaulting his nose any further. He breathed a sigh of relief.

“The smell will go up and fill the entire mansion at this rate,” he said after shutting the door. “I need to finish this quickly.”

Lark cast an orb of light and willed it to hover up, lighting up the entire chamber, revealing the mountain of corpses filling up almost half of the room. Most of them were the same gorilla-frog monsters he encountered back then. He spotted several peculiar ones, like the humanoid lizards and

the monsters resembling a flying fish. It seemed that there was a variety of monsters living in the lake.

Lark grabbed the ormatane and gold dust sitting in the corner of the room and started drawing magic circles on the ground. After he was done, he placed the iron ingots at the center of the magic formation and started pouring his mana into the runes, activating the spell.

The iron ingots melted and slowly formed a distinct shape.

Since there was no longer a need to consider appearances, Lark decided to create the Blackstone Knights using the same design he used with the basilisks: Humanoid with a slender body, prioritizing performance over appearance. The arms had three joints instead of two, reaching all the way to the foot. The fingers were thin and designed to be capable of performing complex tasks.

It looked like a monster used to scare unruly children. But since his subjects had gotten used to these living suits of armor, producing more of them shouldn’t be much of a problem.

Lark looked at the monster corpses filling half the room. A long time had passed since they’d been stored here. He was sure that most of them had already lost their essence, rendering them unusable in the ritual. He just had to make do with the monster corpses whose essences were still intact.

Lark kept creating living humanoid armors one after another. Thankfully, his mana pool had been greatly expanded and he still had excess left, even after creating more than a dozen of them. He dedicated the entire day to make the bodies until his mana pool was wrung dry.

Two days afterwards, after replenishing his mana reserves, Lark proceeded with attaching the monsters’ essences into the humanoid bodies. Just as he expected, more than half of the corpses were no longer usable in the ritual, and he ended up only making twenty new Blackstone Knights as a result.

There were still several humanoid bodies left. Lark decided to use them later, once the next batch of monster corpses was delivered from Lion City. Twenty new Blackstone Knights were fewer than the original plan, but he had to make do with them for now.

CHAPTER 5

Lark issued a recruitment notice for the restoration of the Western Land. At the Central Plaza, where hundreds of people pass by daily, a written notice was pinned on the board and several workers started actively recruiting those without a job.

After the restoration of the Northern Land showed results through the current abundant harvest, people were eager to join in the next project. Several people started signing up to be included among those who would be cultivating the Western Land.

In just a couple of days, they managed to recruit the required number of men. The workers immediately gathered the treated composts and the magic tools used to till the soil and transported them to the west.

Unlike before, Lark no longer had to directly explain to the new recruits how to use the magic tools, how to properly spread the composts, and how to till the soil. All explanations were done by the head farmer, Oliver. Lark simply stood there and listened, as the new recruits gawked in amazement after the magic tools were introduced to them.

The humanoids who would be assisting them in the restoration of the Western Land were also introduced to everyone. Just like Lark expected, the new recruits, although wary, no longer feared the humanoids—who

resembled monsters—after being exposed to them every day in Blackstone Town. On the contrary, some of them even cheered after realizing that they’d be assisted by them since everyone had seen how strong these beings were.

This reception was a stark contrast to how the farmers in the North reacted when the humanoids were introduced back then. It was apparent that, gradually, the town and its residents were growing by each passing day.

After all preparations for the restoration of the Western Land had been taken care of, Lark summoned Captain Qarat and the herbalist of Blackstone Town, Mores, to his office in the mansion.

“My Lord!” Captain Qarat saluted. “You called for us?”

Herbalist Mores imitated the salute of the captain.

“I plan on clearing a portion of the Endless Forest of trees,” said Lark. “We’ll be expanding the Eastern Residential District. But the Endless Forest is simply too large and it’d be reckless if we suddenly started cutting down a massive number of trees without first scouting the area.”

Captain Qarat understood what the young master was trying to accomplish. He also thought that it would be reckless to cut down numerous trees and delve deeper into the forest without any form of reconnaissance.

After all, the mine was previously a goblin’s den. There might be more monsters in the forest that they were unaware of.

“You’re called Mores, correct?” Lark said to the herbalist.

“Yes, Young Lord.”

The herbalist was a typical middle-aged man seen in Blackstone Town. But according to the data they’d gathered, he was the most knowledgeable person in this territory when it came to the Endless Forest. It was the place where he’d been gathering the herbs he’d been selling, after all.

“I’m going to organize a scouting party in the Endless Forest,” said Lark. “And I hope that you can guide them. Of course, you’ll be appropriately compensated. Furthermore, you’ll be accompanied by the soldiers and several Blackstone Knights in the process. They’ll prioritize your safety above everything else.”

Herbalist Mores had heard of how powerful the Blackstone Knights were. Furthermore, he’d be accompanied by the so-called veteran soldiers who’d survived the war with the Empire. He’d been wandering the Endless Forest for over a decade now and he was sure that there were no monsters in the area around a day away from the edge of the forest.

The only threats were the dangerous animals he’d sometimes encountered. But with such powerful escorts, those ferocious beasts

wouldn’t even be a threat at all. Mores thought that this was a chance to earn a hefty sum with minimal risk to his life.

“I’ll be glad to do it, Young Lord.”

Lark nodded. “Good.”

Lark turned to Qarat. “A dozen soldiers, six Blackstone Knights. You’ll be divided into six teams; each should be escorted by a Blackstone Knight. You’ll be tasked to scout the area around thirty kilometers from the mines. All reconnaissance activities are to be postponed once dusk comes. Everyone will gather together at an agreed location when that time comes. I don’t want anyone to lose their life for this mission. Bring at least two weeks’ worth of rations with you.”

The captain was surprised that the young master was asking them to bring two weeks’ worth of supplies. If things went well, they could probably come back to deliver their findings in just a week.

“Understood!”

After the captain and the herbalist had been briefed of their mission, Lark summoned Austen, George, and Chryselle into his office in the mansion.

“Sorry for holding it off until now,” Lark said to Chryselle. “As promised, we’ll start with your magic lessons today.”

Chryselle was thrilled at this declaration. “Yes!”

Lark grabbed the thick book on his table and tossed it toward Chryselle. Although the book was heavy, it slowly and perfectly landed on her hands as though someone controlled its speed and trajectory.

“Have you seen this book before?”

Chryselle stared at the book, frowned, and bobbed her head. “Yes. It’s the book written by the former royal court magician, Algrove Aria. My great-great-grandfather.”

“As I thought. The two of you are related.”

“He’s the founder of the Magic Academy and is said to be one of the strongest magicians who lived in this country. This book is the one the first years and seconds years use in the Magic Academy.”

“I bought that book in the capital and read it on our way here to Blackstone Town,” said Lark. “There are a lot of interesting things written in that book, and most of them are correct.”

Chryselle didn’t miss the latter part of Lark’s statement. Lark was implying that there were several mistakes in the book written by her great-great-grandfather. She did not take offense and continued listening intently.

“You know how to dispel magic?”

Chryselle nodded. “Yes. We were taught how to dispel the five basic elements.”

“Perfect. Before I proceed with the basic lessons regarding magic formations, I want to correct a simple misconception. As someone taught in the way of magic with that book as the guide, it must have been engraved deeply into your mind.”

Lark willed the small piece of wood placed on top of his table to hover up. He cast his spell and its tip started blazing into fire. He cast another spell and an orb of fire, around the size of a fist, manifested itself next to the burning wood.

“Try to dispel the fire spell I cast. Both of them.”

Chryselle cast her spell and the orb of fire slowly dissipated and vanished. The wood, on the other hand, was still burning fiercely.

“Now tell me why the wood remains untouched by your spell, while the fire orb was easily dispelled by it.”

A first-year student of the Magic Academy may have found it hard to answer this question, but to Chryselle—the Fifth Elder of the tower—the answer was glaringly obvious.

“The answer is simple,” she said. “The orb is fueled by mana, the wood isn’t. By disrupting the mana which formed the inner circuit of the

spell, the spell was unable to maintain its shape, thus the fire dissipated. The Grand Magician Algrove defined magic as the creation of a phenomenon through mana. The process of manipulating mana to achieve a desired result. A dispel is meant to disrupt the fuel—the mana.”

“And this concept is taught to all students in the Magic Academy?”

“Yes.”

Lark sighed. As he’d thought, it seemed that the magicians in the Kingdom were performing their magic with this book as the basis of their spells—as their foundation. There were a lot of useful things written in this book, but some of them were simply inefficient. Those who learned magic with such an inefficient system would eventually reach a bottleneck and fail to achieve greater heights. The basic magic formations alone, written in this book, had several flaws.

“A dispel is meant to nullify the elements. It doesn’t matter if it’s fueled by magic or not. This is one of the things separating mediocre magicians from true ones.”

It was a statement rejecting the teachings of the Grand Magician Algrove—the Founder of the Magic Academy.

“Cast an orb of fire,” said Lark.

Chryselle nodded and cast an orb of fire.

“Watch closely,” said Lark. “This is a real dispel.”

Lark pointed a finger toward the orb of fire and the burning wood, and in an instant, both of their flames instantly vanished, as though blown away by an invisible giant.

Chryselle’s eyes widened as she realized that Lark dispelled even the fire unfueled by mana.

“The Grand Magician Algrove defined magic as the creation of a phenomenon with the use of mana,” said Lark. “It’s not entirely wrong. But my definition of magic is this: It is merely an alteration. We do not create and consume anything; we merely alter it. A common misconception written in the book is that mana is a fuel, when in reality it is not. Mana is an existence we alter into a distinct form in order to accomplish the phenomenon called magic. This concept is the reason why unstructured magic, spells which do not use any magic formation, exist.

“Hypothetically speaking, if by chance a magician is confined in a space where ambient mana did not exist and he used up all of his mana reserves, he would never recover his mana no matter how long he rested. This is because mana is never created by the magician himself. This is the same reason why the Magic Empire collapsed, based on the story you told me. The Dragon Vein—the source of all mana—was wrung dry by the

cataclysm and the magicians never recovered their mana after using up all of their reserves.”

The memories of his previous life passed through Lark’s mind. He felt mixed emotions after reminiscing about his days in the Magic Empire. If the planetary alignment, which happened every ten thousand years, did not occur, maybe the Magic Empire would still exist even in this timeline.

If he was still alive during the cataclysm, maybe they could have closed the void and prevented the mana of this world from leaking out.

Lark canceled his floating spell and the burned wood dropped to the ground.

“After reading this book, I realized why General Alvaren remained undefeated until this recent war with the Empire,” said Lark. “Only those capable of unstructured magic are capable of fighting against him one-on-one. This is the reason why my brother and Viscount Zacharia lost. It’s truly fortunate that the Sword Saint was there during that battle. Only someone like him, who isn’t fully reliant on magic, could defeat the Magic Slayer of the Empire.”

Chryselle was momentarily speechless after hearing these things. Everything Lark said made sense, and if she took his words as reality, then

dispelling even spells “unfueled” by mana should be feasible. It was only a matter of how good a magician was in alteration.

“You probably grew up believing the words written in that book,” said Lark. “But as long as you’re under my tutelage, you’ll have to throw several of those things away. We’ll correct all the misconceptions taught to you from a young age.”

Chryselle clenched her fists. “Yes!”

Lark liked those determined eyes of hers. “Then let’s start today’s magic lesson.”

***

The magic lessons continued until dusk.

After dinner, Lark received an unexpected guest in the mansion.

“Princess,” said Lark. “Had I known you were coming tonight, I would have prepared a proper reception.”

The princess looked conflicted. She looked down and remained silent for a moment. Behind her were her personal knights.

Lark waited patiently for her to speak.

“I heard that you’re conducting an expedition to the Endless Forest.” She finally raised her head and stared straight into Lark’s eyes. “I want you

to let us come along with the soldiers.”

The latter part of her statement was said with conviction, clearly not taking no for an answer. This was the first time Lark had seen that fierce look in her eyes, as though this expedition meant the world to her, as though she was carrying a heavy weight of responsibility on her shoulders.

Lark remained calm and replied, “I need a reason to let you tag along, Princess.”

The princess bit her lip. “That… I cannot tell you. I’m sorry.”

“My head will come rolling should anything happen to you while you’re in my territory,” Lark said gently. “Unless I know the reason and I judge that it is worth the risk of a royal joining the expedition, I shall have to decline, Your Highness.”

The princess looked at Parzival and silently pleaded for help. The knight understood what the princess was trying to convey and nodded his head.

“The five of us will be responsible for the princess’ safety,” said Parzival. “Rest assured that nothing will happen to Her Highness as long as she’s with us. Her safety will be our utmost priority.”

Lark fell silent. He started pondering whether or not he should let the princess join the expedition.

Truthfully, the Endless Forest was full of mysteries. They were frequently attacked by monsters on their way to the capital, and even the forests near the major cities weren’t safe to traveling merchants. But the Endless Forest was different. It was eerily peaceful, as though someone was controlling all the creatures living inside it. Even the goblins who previously inhabited the mines never attacked Blackstone Town.

Furthermore, the Endless Forest was absurdly large, to the point that it was presumed to be larger than the entire Kingdom of Lukas. All attempts to map the place proved futile due to its sheer size. Even with flight magic, Lark was unable to make a map.

After weighing all possible scenarios, Lark made up his mind. He decided that it would be too dangerous to let the princess wander the Endless Forest, even if she was escorted by the knights.

“I need a reason, Princess,” repeated Lark. “Unless I hear the reason you wish to go, I can’t let you join the expedition forces.”

The princess closed her eyes and sighed. Eventually, she spoke to her knights. “We’re leaving.”

She could have lied her way out of this, but she simply chose to remain silent. Lark found this quite admirable.

She bowed her head. “Sorry for disturbing you at this hour, Lord Lark.”

The knights looked like they wanted to say something but eventually decided against it.

After the visitors left, Lark summoned Anandra and Captain Qarat.

“You called for us, Young Lord?” Anandra and Qarat saluted.

“The princess just left the mansion a while ago. She wishes to join the expedition forces.”

“Ah, she did ask me this morning about the reconnaissance mission to the Endless Forest,” said the Captain of the Blackstone Soldiers. “But why does the princess want to join the expedition?”

“I asked her the same question,” said Lark. “But she refused to answer. Listen, I want the two of you to monitor the movements of the princess and her men. Do not let her take part in the expedition, and you are to inform me immediately if she suddenly enters the Endless Forest.”

Captain Qarat was clearly uncomfortable monitoring the movements of a royal. He hesitated for a moment before he replied. Anandra, on the other hand, immediately made his response. To him, the royals did not matter. His master was Lark Marcus, no one else.

“As you wish, My Lord.”

“Y-Yes, Young Lord!”

Lark had a bad premonition about this. Those eyes filled with conviction—she would surely enter the forest despite Lark’s refusal.

Lark sighed. This was one of the reasons why he hated being associated with royals.

CHAPTER 6

“Princess, maybe it’d be better if we tell the lord the truth?” said Parzival.

“No.” The princess shook her head. “Didn’t Uncle Carlos tell us what would happen if the state of the king’s health is revealed to the public?”

General Carlos, the retired general and close friend of His Majesty, strictly told them to keep this secret under wraps. He was afraid that the moment the power-hungry nobles learned of this, there would be civil war. Although the curse running through the blood of the royal family was an open secret among nobilities, the exact state King Alvis’ current health hadn’t been disclosed to most nobles.

To the anti-royal faction, a king on his deathbed was nothing but an unmoving target. They would definitely plot schemes to worsen the disease and stop any attempts at finding the cure. The princess wanted to avoid this from happening at all costs.

“But maybe if it’s Lord Lark—the hero who valiantly fought for the Kingdom against the Empire,” Parzival said carefully. “Maybe he’ll understand? There’s a limit on what we can accomplish with just our number.”

A princess. Her five knights.

With just the six of them, it’d be near impossible to thoroughly comb even a portion of the forest. This was why they requested the Lord of Blackstone Town to let them accompany the expedition. If they were with the soldiers and the Blackstone Knights, then they wouldn’t need to worry about the princess’ safety at the very least. They could also discreetly task the soldiers to report to them if they saw a certain flower in the forest, although this carried the risk of being found out by the Lord of Blackstone Town later on.

“I can’t trust him,” she said. “For now, we’ll proceed with the search with just the six of us.”

Parzival had heard stories regarding Lark Marcus from his former instructor, Mikael. Unlike the princess, he knew that the bad rumors surrounding the noble were groundless. He knew that Lark was a virtuous ruler despite his notorious reputation. Even Instructor Mikael doubted the reason why Lark was thrown away to this town by his own father.

But he couldn’t go against the princess’ wish. As the leader of her personal knights, Parzival decided to obey.

“Yes, Princess.” Parzival bowed his head. “I’ll make preparations right away.”

Parzival and the knights spent an entire day gathering the necessary supplies for their search of the flower in the Endless Forest. At least two weeks’ worth of rations, a portable camp, potions, armors and weapons. They also managed to rent a mule from one of the visiting merchants.

The next day, at the crack of dawn, their group gathered at the Eastern District, near the entrance of the Endless Forest. The mule carried their supplies and the princess, while the knights—armed to the teeth—stood beside it.

“We’re being watched,” said Parzival.

He noticed that the moment they entered the Eastern District, a few soldiers started following them from a distance. An official from Blackstone Town definitely tasked the soldiers to monitor them.

How nosy.

The princess clicked her tongue. “Tomas.”

Tomas, the most proficient in magic among the knights, nodded his head. “Yes, Princess.”

“Erase our presence,” she said.

Tomas channeled mana into his bracer. The gem embedded in the magic tool glowed and mist started enveloping the area. Like a mirage, the images of the princess and her knights distorted then vanished. The soldiers

watching them from a safe distance were dumbfounded at this. They immediately reported to the captain that they’d lost track of the group.

***

Lark received the reports of his men. The princess still went inside the forest despite his refusal to let her take part in the expedition.

Although she was accompanied by the knights, he couldn’t help but worry. She was a royal, after all. And she was entrusted to him by His Majesty in the pretext of learning the culture of this part of the Kingdom. Should anything happen to her, it would cause an uproar.

“Young Lord!” Captain Qarat got down on one knee. “I should have personally monitored the princess. This is clearly my blunder! Please allow me to enter the forest with the soldiers and bring her back!”

For a moment, the image of Captain Qarat’s overlapped with Anandra’s.

This guy—he was starting to sound like his first disciple as time went by. Lark glanced at Anandra, who stood silently next to his table, then at the captain.

The knights seemed to have used some unusual magic to shake off the tail. Even if the captain was there personally, Lark doubted if he could trace

the princess’ footsteps. The captain was decent in leading his men, but he was no magician like Lark, nor was he a natural-born fighter like Anandra.
“Lord,” Anandra spoke. “Just give the order and I’ll immediately bring the princess back to Blackstone Town.”

Lark shook his head. “No. It’s fine. Captain Qarat, the training of the recruits is going to start soon. You should go back to the arena.”

There were over a hundred new soldiers in Blackstone Town. Just like the veterans, they would undergo daily stamina training, mastery of the basic movements of the spear, and actual combat practice with the humanoids in the arena. Even now, only Anandra was capable of defeating the humanoid basilisks at their full strength. But he’d heard that Captain Qarat and several soldiers were now capable of landing a few hits on them.

This clearly showed that his soldiers were growing stronger by each passing day. There would come a time when they would finally be worthy of wielding the magic spears Lark was secretly creating in the basement of the mansion. Giving them those weapons now would hinder their growth, and Lark wanted to avoid this from happening at all costs.

“Yes, Young Lord.” The captain stood up and lowered his head.

“And forget the princess’ disappearance,” said Lark. “Maybe it’s better this way. She’s a princess of this Kingdom. We can’t really stop her from

entering the forest if she’s that determined.”

After dismissing the captain and Anandra, Lark immediately activated the surveillance crystal. He gave an order to the familiars gathered throughout the entire region. More than a dozen birds immediately flew toward the mansion and entered Lark’s office through the window. Lark tied communication crystals on several of them, before ordering them to fly toward the Endless Forest. He ordered them to search for the princess and her men.

They disappeared not long ago, so they should still be nearby. Lark expected to find them in just a few hours, but to his surprise, he could not find even a trace of them after several hours. It was already night when Lark finally found them through the light coming from the campfire. The group had set up camp near the Rile River.

The raven controlled by Lark flew down and landed on the branch of a nearby tree. He watched and listened to the group below using the communication crystal tied around the raven’s body.

“Princess, dinner’s ready,” said one of the knights.

The princess accepted the bowl filled with hot soup. Large portions of meat floated on top of it.

“Thank you,” she said. Her entire body was clad in a thick cloak.

“Tomas, the defensive spells?” said Parzival.

“They’re working just fine. We’ll be safe from projectiles and sudden attacks as long as we’re inside this camp.”

After looking carefully, Lark saw an inconspicuous circle surrounding the entire camp. It was probably the demarcation point of the protection spell Tomas had cast.

“We’ll be taking turns guarding the camp,” said Parzival. “We’ll take shifts every four hours. Noctus and I will be in charge of guarding the camp until an hour past midnight.”

The rest of the knights nodded. “Understood!”

Lark noticed that the knights removed all of their traces. Unless one was nearby, it’d be hard to even notice the glowing campfire. This definitely meant that the knights were well-trained and competent, but it also meant that it would be hard for Lark to send help in times of peril. Just locating them in the middle of this forest would be a pain.

“Parzival.”

“Yes, Princess?”

“Thank you,” she said softly. “And the other knights too. I’m really grateful that all of you came here with me today.”

The knights froze upon hearing this. Slowly, smiles formed on their faces. They had been watching over the princess since she was young. She was one of the kindest souls they’d known throughout their lives.

“This much is natural, Princess,” said Parzival. “We are your knights. We’ll help you find that flower, no matter what.”

“The leader is right, Your Highness.”

Lark finally found a lead to what the princess was looking for.

A flower? She entered the forest to find a certain flower?

The princess nodded. Her eyes glistened, she bit her lower lip, and nodded with determination. “We’ll immediately resume our search tomorrow at dawn. We’ll cover each as area as planned. We’ll come back to the town only once we’ve consumed our rations, then start with the search once again. We’re not giving up until we find it!”

“Yes, Princess!” Her knights responded resolutely.

Lark continued observing the group even after the princess entered the portable tent and fell asleep. Unfortunately, no conversations regarding the flower occurred after that. Lark did not have any idea what kind of flower they were looking for in the Endless Forest. He also did not know why they were desperately looking for it in the first place.

Before going to sleep, Lark ordered a few of his familiars to follow the group from a safe distance. He left the channel connecting the familiars to the vision crystal open. He decided to watch over them again once they started moving out first thing in the morning.

***

The next several days were uneventful.

The princess and her knights had gone deep into the forest but were still unable to find what they were looking for.

Fortunately, there had been no monster attacks to their group. Aside from the recent incident of a snake hidden in the shrubberies almost biting the princess, their search for the flower had gone without hitch or strife.

On the third day of observing the princess’ group, Lark finally found out the name of the flower they were looking for.

The Tears of Ubroxia.

To think that he would hear that name from the knight’s mouth.

It was one of the healing methods he revealed to Silver Claw back then, when he was desperate for someone to heal his daughter.

Unfortunately, Lark doubted they would find the flower even if they searched the entire forest for it. The Tears of Ubroxia grew only in mana-

dense areas: the lower floors of great labyrinths, underneath mana wells, lairs of dragons, and any other areas connected to the Dragon Vein below.
Even if they searched for a year, they might not find the flower in this forest. After all, the amount of ambient mana in this region was mediocre. It was simply unsuitable for the Tears of Ubroxia’s to grow.

“A waste of time.”

Lark arrived at this conclusion. He heard that a dragon was guarding the borders of the Dwarven Kingdom. They would probably have a higher chance of finding the flower near that dragon’s lair, since those prideful creatures frequently resided in mana-dense areas.

They could also dive to the lower floors of a great labyrinth and try their luck, but they would surely suffer numerous casualties in the process, and there was no guarantee that the strong monsters residing on the lower floors hadn’t already eaten the flower.

The last and safest option was to find a place connected to the Dragon Vein below. Or, if the Goddess of Luck smiled upon them, a mana well. It had the highest chance for an Ubroxia to grow and bloom into a flower.

There was also the question of whether or not the Tears of Ubroxia was enough to heal His Majesty.

“The king is ill, huh?” Lark mumbled as he continued watching the group through the vision crystal.

He still hadn’t learned what kind of illness struck the king of this country. But based on the conversation of the knights and the princess, His Majesty only had a few years to live, hence his issuance of the decree for the competition for the throne.

Lark remembered the king who appointed him as the Commander of the Third Army. Despite the opposition from the other nobles, the king did not waver in his beliefs and appointed Lark to lead the Kingdom’s soldiers in a battle which would determine the fate of the entire country.

Although the king was no genius tactician, nor was he a great magician, he was a benevolent ruler who truly loved the Kingdom. Lark found it a waste for such a kind monarch to succumb to his death due to an illness.

Unfortunately, Lark was unable to glean any further information regarding the king’s illness from the conversations of the princess and her men.

CHAPTER 7

While the princess and her men were searching for the flower in the Endless Forest, Lark continued with the management of his territory. Each morning, he would read through piles of documents in his office, all the while listening to the reports of his subordinates.

“The Central Market’s doing extremely well despite being opened only for a week,” reported Gaston. “Aside from wheat, eggs, animal skin, meat and fish, we’ve also started selling local herbs and medicine. The local seamstresses also opened up their stalls on the second floor.”

Lark flipped through the documents handed to him by Gaston. The Central Market was an establishment located in the Central Plaza and opened just a week ago. Surprisingly, despite the fixed price policy they implemented to all vendors in the Central Market, several merchants still chose to open up their stalls there.

“It’s going far better than expected, huh?” said Lark.

“Yes, Young Master. The merchants shunned the proposal at first, after they heard of the fixed price policy implemented by the lord. But after they learned about the decreased taxes imposed on all members, some of them reconsidered.”

Lark nodded in satisfaction at this. Although the fixed price policy had its drawbacks—such as culling healthy competition among merchants—the benefits outweighed the downsides. Currently, after the abundant harvest and the implementation of the fixed price policy to all stalls in the Central Market, the price of wheat was at its lowest. The price of wheat was almost a third of last year’s. Right now, even the poorer residents were able to eat their meals at least twice a day.

“Young Master, if you’ll allow this old man to voice out his opinion.”

“Speak.”

“Although the residents clearly benefit from the fixed price policy, I’m afraid several people might take advantage of this decree. Especially the merchants from the city.”

Lark understood what the butler was trying to say. Not all territories in the Kingdom had an abundant harvest this season. Some had been devastated by the Black Famine, and there were even some villages on the brink of dying from starvation. No wonder people were migrating to this territory, especially after hearing of the recruitment notices and the abundant harvest.

Merchants from the city would probably try to take advantage of this decree by buying cheap wheat and meat from Blackstone Town and selling

them to the starving territories.

“There’s nothing to worry about,” said Lark. “We’ll be imposing large tariffs to all exported products from unassociated merchants. That should be enough to deter the greedy ones from taking advantage of this policy. This decree is for my people, and for my people only.”

Loud knocks were heard and a servant entered. “Young Master, Captain Qarat’s here.”

“Let him in.”

The Captain of the Blackstone Soldiers entered Lark’s office. He immediately saluted and said, “You called for me, sir?”

Lark placed the documents he held on the table. He looked at the captain and nodded. “How many soldiers do we have at our disposal?”

“A hundred and seventy soldiers, My Lord.”

“A hundred and seventy, huh?” repeated Lark. “Listen, I plan on creating a separate division in the military. The town’s population has grown tremendously these past several months and according to the reports, there has been an increase in incidences of theft and violence in the town.”

“A separate division, My Lord?”

“I plan on establishing a Ministry of Defense. And under it will be two divisions. The military and the police.”

In cities, the patrol or the police was responsible for the safety of the residents. Their responsibilities were a bit different from the military, whose purpose was to kill bandits and monsters in the surrounding regions.

“The police will be responsible for maintaining public order and safety, enforcing the law, and preventing, detecting, and investigating criminal activities. They’ll also be in charge of inspecting the goods coming in and out of our territory.”

Lark and Qarat locked eyes with each other.

“Captain, I want you to select two of your most trusted men. Together with my most trusted guard, Clarkson, they’ll be responsible for overseeing the entire police department. I heard that there are over a hundred recruits in the military. Half of them shall serve as the patrols of this city.”

Lark pointed at Qarat. “And Captain Qarat, starting today, you are promoted to the Commander of the Military.”

It was the position previously held by Anandra. For a moment, Qarat could not believe what he’d just heard.

Qarat stuttered his reply, “U-Understood! I-I’ll do my best to meet the Lord’s expectations!”

Lark chuckled. “No need to be so stiff. The two men who’ll be leading the police. Do you have anyone in mind?”

Qarat pondered for a moment. “Yes. I do and I’m sure we could trust them. They’ve been protecting this town as hunters, even before the young master became the lord of this territory.”

Lark was intrigued on who the two might be. “Hunters, huh? After explaining things to them, tell them to come and see me in my office.”

“As you wish.” Qarat bowed.

After the soldier left, Lark summoned the head mason into his office.

Silver Claw’s entire body was covered with sweat, on his shoulders was a drenched towel. His clothes had mud stains here and there.

“Sorry for summoning you here, I’m sure you’ve been busy,” said Lark.

Silver Claw shook his head. “Please feel free to call me any time, Young Master.”

Lark took out a parchment and handed it to the mason. “Take a look at this.”

Silver Claw stared at the parchment for a moment. “This is?”

“A design for the Town Hall,” said Lark. “Feel free to alter it to your will, I’m sure you’re more knowledgeable than me in this field. But, if possible, I would like you to adhere to the size and floors of the building.”

“This Town Hall will be larger than the mansion,” said Silver Claw. “It’ll take us several months to finish this thing, and there’s also the large amount of money we’ll end up using that we should consider.”

“I received a hefty sum from His Majesty. Funding the project won’t be a problem,” said Lark. “This Town Hall will someday become the core and foundation of this territory. Along with the school, I’d like you to prioritize this project.”

According to the design given by Lark, the Town Hall would be five stories tall and large enough to accommodate five hundred people.

“I plan on establishing several departments soon. The Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Agriculture, Ministry of Medicine, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Infrastructure, and Ministry of Labor. All of them will be under the Town Hall.”

As someone who’d lived in a major city for decades, Silver Claw understood what the Young Master was trying to convey. Even Lion City had something similar, although they did not have a structure to house all

those departments. The hierarchy of Lion City’s ruling class was also vague, with the lord holding most of the power.

“I understand,” said the mason. “I’ll start working on this right away. But Young Master, regarding the location… wouldn’t it be better if we build the Town Hall near the Central Plaza?”

“No. We’ll build it in the Eastern District.” Lark shot down the idea. “You’ve heard that I’ve sent several soldiers to scout the Endless Forest, right?”

The mason nodded.

“If the expedition goes well, we’ll start clearing a portion of the Endless Forest. From the east, we’ll start expanding the town. This is why we’ll build the Town Hall at the current border of the Eastern District. Someday, when the territory has expanded, it’ll be the heart—the center— of Blackstone Town.”

Silver Claw finally understood the reason why the young master wanted to build the Town Hall at such location. This young lord already anticipated the next steps they would undertake in the future. Silver Claw was truly glad that they had such a competent leader ruling this town.

After meeting with the mason, Lark met with the merchants from Lion City to discuss the prices and terms for the umami salt and the wheat they’d

be exporting to the other territories. Unlike others, the merchants under Big Mona weren’t given heavy tariffs in Lark’s territory. In exchange, Lark was given some authority over the merchants guild in Lion City. He could freely request for rare materials and goods not found in the Eastern Region at a very reasonable price, and the merchants guild even provided some soldiers to guard the route from Blackstone Town to Lion City. Next week, the merchants guild would be lending several carts and horses to Blackstone Town—for free.

***

The princess and her men finally returned to Blackstone Town after a week of exploring the Endless Forest. As expected, they returned empty-handed. They did not even find any leads on the whereabouts of the flower.

The soldiers sent by Qarat to scout the Endless Forest also returned, bringing good news with them.

They did not encounter any monsters during the expedition, nor did they spot any potential dens of monsters. Everything was simply an unending sea of trees. There were wild animals who tried to attack them now and then, but those were easily taken care of by the experienced soldiers. They did not pose any threat at all, thus Lark decided to proceed with the clearing of the forest.

Upon receiving Lark’s command, dozens of workers started cutting the trees in the Endless Forest. The forest was absurdly large, and even if Lark cut down thousands of trees, it would hardly be noticed.

Later on, the felled trees would be used to build houses and other important structures for the town. The areas cleared of trees would be converted into residential areas. With the help of the strong adhesives they obtained from the shells of the kelnup flies, coupled with cement, it should be possible to build houses for more than a thousand migrants within the next few months. Once these residences were completed, it would provide another steady source of income for treasury.

During dinner, Lark invited the princess and her knights to the mansion.

The princess was reluctant at first, but eventually decided to accept the offer. Although she was a princess, she’d been taught that it would be rude to decline the invite of a lord without any valid reason.

“Thank you for coming tonight, Princess.” Lark sat at the head of the table, with the princess on the chair to his right. “I heard you just returned from the expedition.”

The word ‘expedition’ clearly touched a nerve. The princess scowled at the mention of the word.

“I’d rather not talk about it,” she said. “You’re probably disappointed that we ignored your previous words and went ahead with our own expedition, but the Endless Forest isn’t owned by anyone. We’re free to come and go there as we wish.”

Lark nodded in understanding, despite the childish reasoning of the princess. He could have retorted that His Majesty gave him sovereign over the Endless Forest during the last awarding ceremony, but eventually decided to refrain from mentioning it. He knew that no matter what he said or did, this woman would still go to there until she found the flower. Antagonizing her would not bring him any benefits.

“Princess, if you could tell me the reason for your expedition, then this lord will do what he can to help you,” said Lark.

He did not reveal the fact that he already knew what the princess was trying to find. He wanted to take things slowly, one step at a time.

The princess’ face contorted. She looked at Parzival, and after the knight shook his head, she muttered, “I can’t. I’m sorry.”

“Is that so?” Lark replied softly. “If the princess doesn’t wish to reveal her secrets, then I won’t pry any further. But please remember, Your Highness, as the Lord of Blackstone Town, I hold power over hundreds of men. You’ll achieve your goals much faster with my help.”

The princess knew this already, but she was still conflicted whether or not Lark was someone trustworthy. She’d even discussed this with the knights several times before, and they eventually came to the consensus that it’d be better for them to keep this a secret. After all, it could drive the entire Kingdom into civil war if the people learned that His Majesty was on his death bed. The anti-royal faction would surely grab this opportunity to usurp all authority.

They still had a few years, according to the chief healer treating His Majesty. Hopefully, they’d be able to find that flower by then. And hopefully, the flower would be enough to stop the curse of Agares.

“Thank you,” said the princess. “But I’d rather not bother Lord Lark with it.”

Lark did not reply and simply nodded his head in understanding.

“Lord,” said Parzival. “We heard that the soldiers are done with the expedition.”

“That’s right.”

“Then, could we borrow the guide the soldiers hired?”

Indeed, things would progress much easier if they had the herbalist’s help. Maybe with this, they’ll realize that their efforts were futile—that it’d be near impossible to find the Tears of Ubroxia in the Endless Forest.

Hopefully, Mores was knowledgeable enough to point out the fact that the flower grew only in mana-dense areas.

“Herbalist Mores,” said Lark. “He’s the most knowledgeable among everyone when it comes to the Endless Forest. As long as he agrees to help, sure, I don’t mind if you include him in your next expedition.”

There was a pause. Lark added, “On the condition that if you ever find yourself in a precarious situation, you’ll immediately retreat and stop the expedition.”

The face of the princess visibly brightened. She smiled broadly. “Thank you!”

Parzival bowed his head lightly. “Thank you, Lord Lark.”

Lark smiled back. That night, the dinner ended without the princess confiding her secrets to Lark.

CHAPTER 8

The next day, while inside his office in the mansion, Lark received his weekly newspaper from the traveling merchants of Lion City.

It seemed that while he was on his way back to Blackstone Town, a storm had brewed in the capital of the Kingdom. Several shocking events unfolded one after another, enough to stir up the masses.

“Duke Kelvin’s convicted of high treason?” said Lark as he read the newspaper.

According to the news, after the Empire’s defeat at Yorkshaire Mountain Range, Rock Castle was also freed of enemy soldiers. The royal court magicians tasked to rescue Lancaster Kelvin were successful, and they managed to annihilate all the enemies occupying the fort.

But this did not change the fact that the Kelvin Duchy refused to take part in the war with the Empire. Under the pretext that the heir of the House Kelvin was under the enemy’s hands, Duke Kelvin forbade all of his soldiers from taking part in the war. This was a tremendous blow to the Kingdom’s overall military might. After all, the Kelvin Army was the second most powerful army in the Kingdom, next only to the Marcus Army.

After their victory, the king and his ministers summoned Duke Kelvin to the capital. After heated discussions, the duke was sentenced to lifetime imprisonment and a hundred lashes.

For a moment, Lark was worried that this would result in civil war. The Kelvin Duchy owned five out of the seven major ports in the Kingdom, and they also boasted a strong army of hussars. They held enough military might to threaten the throne.

But after reading some more, Lark was surprised to find out that the duke silently accepted his punishment and was locked up in the capital’s dungeon without any resistance. According to the news, the duke negotiated with the king: He would accept his due punishment as long as he was not stripped of his title and nobility. This way, his sons would still be eligible for the competition for the throne. Afraid of a civil war toppling the entire Kingdom, the king agreed to the duke’s demands.

Duke Kelvin was apparently confident that one of his sons would win the competition. And by the time a Kelvin ascended to the throne, he would naturally be freed from the dungeon. If things went according to the plan, then he would only have to endure for three more years.

Lark sipped his tea. He continued reading the news.

“The Empire sent an envoy, huh?”

A few days after the duke was convicted of lifetime imprisonment, an envoy from the Empire arrived at the capital. Post-war reparations were immediately discussed by both parties, with the Empire demanding the Kingdom to return the captives locked up in the dungeons of Akash City, along with the glaive of General Alvaren. Although the Empire refused to sign a peace treaty with the Kingdom, according to the news, they agreed to pay a hefty sum to retrieve the maginus and for the captives to be returned to their homeland.

Lark nodded in satisfaction at this. The maginus—although a mere replica—should be worth at least thirty thousand gold coins, probably more. There were also the captives in Akash City they had to consider. Five hundred soldiers, and two of them were from prominent families in the Empire. Their freedom should have netted the Kingdom at least tens of thousands in gold coins.

Lark was glad that he chose to lock them up in the dungeons back then instead of killing them, despite the potential risks they would pose against his army. After the post-war reparations, the financial burden on the Kingdom should have been lessened somewhat.

And the last—but the biggest—news in the Kingdom.

Lark’s eyes widened as he read this part:

His Majesty, King Alvis Lukas VI, collapsed during the celebratory banquet!

According to the news, numerous eyewitnesses saw a black haze enveloping the king’s body moments before he keeled over. The king’s entire skin turned purple-black and he started vomiting blood. It was only after a royal court magician came over and cast healing spells on His Majesty that the king’s complexion returned to normal.

This scene caused an uproar during the banquet and the news quickly spread throughout the mainland. Some speculated that His Majesty was poisoned by his enemies, while some spread rumors that His Majesty had already been ill for several years, hence his declaration about the competition for the throne. There were also rumors saying that Duke Kelvin was behind all this, despite being currently locked up in the dungeons.

Lark put down the newspaper and leaned on his chair. He started putting the pieces of the puzzle together.

The Tears of Ubroxia.

The king’s sudden collapse.

The black haze enveloping His Majesty.

The purple-black marks covering the king’s entire body.

“A contract with a demon?” said Lark.

This was the only conclusion he could come up with. The only common point of all the evidence presented before him.

But why would His Majesty form a contract with a demon? Lark could not understand this. Although he’d only met the king a few times, His Majesty struck him as someone fair and just, a virtuous ruler who cared about the people, the Kingdom.

Lark could not understand why such a kind ruler would form a contract with a demon.

Lark sighed. He knew the only way to find out the truth about this matter was to ask the princess herself. He ordered the butler to summon the princess to his office. Thankfully, the princess and her men were still preparing for their next expedition in the Endless Forest and hadn’t left Blackstone Town yet.

An hour later, the princess entered his office. She was accompanied by Parzival and another knight.

Lark did not bother dismissing her guards. He immediately went straight to the point.

The moment the door was shut tight, Lark spoke, “Did His Majesty make a contract with a demon?”

The princess and her knights froze. Their eyes widened, almost popping out, after hearing this question. Just this reaction alone gave them away, but Lark remained silent and waited for the princess to reply regardless.

“W-What are you talking about?” said the Princess.

Lark slid the newspaper toward her. “Here. Read the last page.”

The princess nervously took the newspaper and after reading the last page, her eyes shook. Her entire body trembled. She croaked, “F-Father!”

The two knights immediately went to the princess’ side.

“What happened, Princess?” Parzival asked.

The princess bit her lip hard, her entire body still trembling from what she’d just read.

“The king collapsed,” Lark answered Parzival instead. “I’ve known for quite some time now that you’ve been looking for the Tears of Ubroxia. And after reading the news, everything finally made sense. It’s apparent now why you’re looking for the flower.”

Parzival stared at Lark. “H-How? How did you know that we’re looking for that flower?”

Lark snapped his fingers. From the open window, a raven flew inside the office. It landed on top of Lark’s desk then cawed. A small gemstone was tied around the raven’s neck.

Lark stroked the raven’s head. “This little guy here has been following your group for several days now. I’ve heard everything.”

“You dare plant a spy on the princess?” snarled Parzival. He grabbed the hilt of his weapon but didn’t pull out his sword. “I know you’re the lord of this city, but the princess is part of the royal family!”

“I know,” said Lark. He didn’t flinch and simply stared at the glaring Parzival. “But His Majesty gave me the sovereignty over the Endless Forest during the last awarding ceremony. I have rights to monitor all trespassers into my territory—even if it’s the princess herself. I forbade you to enter the forest, right? But you didn’t listen.”

Parzival couldn’t refute this rebuttal. He clenched his fists but didn’t say another word.

The princess was still silent, her eyes glued on the newspaper.

“Princess,” said Lark. “I need you to tell me the truth. The reason why you’re searching for the flower. You’ve read the news. The King collapsed. Everyone already knows that His Majesty is ill. There shouldn’t be much difference if you tell me now.”

“Even if I tell you,” the princess willed her tears back, “nothing will change. Even the royal court magicians and the healers of the capital couldn’t find a cure for father’s curse!”

“A curse,” repeated Lark.

The princess paused. She realized she had blurted important information out. Realizing that the cat was already out of the bag, she decided to tell Lark everything.

She bit her lip, nodded once then said, “Yes. A curse.”

Silence befell the room. The raven cawed, flapped its wings then flew out of the window.

“You asked me if my father made a pact with a demon.” The princess shook her head. “No. He didn’t. My father is currently ill due to the curse running down the blood of the royal family. A curse which originated from the king who founded this Kingdom.”

The princess continued with her story.

According to her, the first King of Lukas made a pact with a demon called Agares. In exchange for helping the human found a kingdom, the demon would take a portion of the lives of all the king’s descendants— particularly those who ascended the throne. This was why all the previous

kings died young, the oldest of them was said to have been the current king —King Alvis Lukas VI.

The demon fulfilled his part of the deal and the small city of the first king prospered and became the Kingdom it was today. Agares was said to be a virtuous creature, despite being a demon. He even compromised and took only a small portion of the life of the monarchs. This was the reason why the royal family did not condemn Agares. But as the Kingdom grew and expanded, the short lives of its rulers proved to be a problem. Their bodies also became weak and sickly from a young age, making it hard for them to lead the country.

“I see,” said Lark, after hearing the story. “Judging by your story, this demon, Agares, should be at least a High Demon. The prerequisite of a Demon Lord.”

For a moment, Lark remembered the times he fought with the Demon Lords back in his previous life. He almost died several times, but, without a doubt, it was one of the most exhilarating moments in his life. He wondered if the Demon Lords he’d fought back then were still alive. Demons were known to have very long lifespans, after all.

“A High Demon?” said the princess.

“Yes, a High Demon.” Lark nodded. “Tears of Ubroxia, a high-grade mana stone, ormatane and gold dust, blood of the sacrifice, and a phylactery —preferably made of adamantite, but mithril should be enough for a short ritual. These are the things you’ll need to sever the link binding the demon and the royal blood.”

The princess and her men looked at Lark quizzically. The royal court magician told them that ingesting the Tears of Ubroxia would temporarily halt the progression of the curse. They weren’t told about its ability to sever the link entirely.

“I-It’s possible to sever the link entirely?” said the princess.

“Of course. It’s also possible even without the flower, but we’ll need at least a dozen high-grade mana stones to compensate for it, to make it work.”

The male basilisk produced only a middle-grade mana stone. The female basilisk, on the other hand, dropped a high-grade. Gathering more than a dozen of them would definitely be hard, since basilisks were already considered calamity class monsters in this Kingdom.

Hearing that there was a way to finally rid the royal family of this curse, the princess unconsciously leaned forward and grasped Lark’s hands.

She stared straight into his eyes. “Is this true? You really have a way to save Father?”

The princess continued gripping Lark’s hands tight, not willing to let go until she received her answer.

“That’s right, but princess,” said Lark. “There’s one problem.”

The princess frowned. “What is it?”

“I told you we’ll need a phylactery, right?” said Lark. “There’s a very high chance that this demon called Agares would appear after the completion of the ritual. No matter how virtuous this demon is, he’s still a demon. He wouldn’t simply allow the contract to be severed without putting up a fight. Although there are exemptions, demons generally hate humankind.”

The princess shivered upon hearing this. To think that they would need to face the wrath of a High Demon to successfully cure His Majesty—just the mere thought made her entire body tremble. Even Parzival turned pale at this revelation. If a High Demon—said to be almost as powerful as a dragon—appeared at the capital, the entire Kingdom would face the risk of annihilation.

“The demon surely planted a fragment into the founding king of this nation, and this fragment is passed down to each succeeding generation.

The moment the ritual is complete, this fragment will become the link, the passageway for this so-called Agares to cross over. But if we have a phylactery to store this fragment, it should be possible for us to seal the passage before the demon could even have the chance to cross over.”

The princess finally let go of Lark’s hands. Her face visibly brightened upon hearing the last part of the statement.

“Then we can prevent the demon from appearing after we cure Father!” she said excitedly.

Lark raised his index finger. “But we’ll need a strong phylactery, Princess. As I’ve said before, adamantite is the ideal. If by chance Agares is stronger than a High Demon, a mithril phylactery wouldn’t be enough to contain the fragment. He’ll appear before us, sooner or later. And by that time, we’ll have no choice but to face him in a battle of life or death.”

CHAPTER 9

Princess Esmeralda was thrilled upon learning that the Lord of Blackstone Town was knowledgeable of curses. With just a few pieces of evidence presented to him, he even managed to come up with the conclusion that His Majesty had an existing contract with a demon.

But her excitement was short-lived.

Lark soon revealed that she would probably not find the flower in the Endless Forest. According to him, the Tears of Ubroxia grew only in mana-dense areas—and the Endless Forest was clearly not among those places.

“Then… we’ve wasted our time coming all the way here?” she said in dismay. Just the journey to Blackstone Town alone took them a month.

“That’s not true, Princess.” Parzival stared at Lark. “We’ve gained something more valuable by coming to Blackstone Town.”

The princess understood what Parzival was trying to convey. Indeed, meeting Lark was a godsend. Even the royal court magicians didn’t know the way to rid the royal family of the curse, but this young man before them had just declared that it would be possible to sever the link entirely.

She steeled her resolve. If they couldn’t find the flower in this region, then they’d just need to find it somewhere else. It was definitely for the best

that they’d learned this early that they couldn’t find the flower in the Endless Forest.

“Mana-dense places,” she said. “Do you have any places in mind, Lord Lark?”

“I’m afraid I’m not familiar with the topography and territories of this Kingdom. But what we should be looking for are these three: labyrinths, mana wells, or any areas connected to the Dragon Vein below. Those three will always contain the greatest amount of ambient mana, a place suitable for the growth of the flower. We could also try our luck at the territory near a dragon’s lair, but I doubt His Majesty will permit an expedition to that land since it might incite war with the Dwarven Kingdom.”

Parzival frowned. All of the areas mentioned by Lark were terribly dangerous places usually infested with monsters.

The princess said slowly, “Parzival, what about the City of Bones?”

“Absolutely not, Princess!” said Parzival, his voice almost a shout. “It’s called a forbidden region for a reason! Even the United Grakas Alliance doesn’t dare go through that territory in fear of annihilation!”

“But there’s a labyrinth at the center of the ruins, right? And it’s one of the two places they told us about. The place where we could potentially find the flower!”

“Princess, I’m curious,” said Lark. “Who told you that you’ll be able to find the Tears of Ubroxia at the Endless Forest?”

The princess looked at Parzival, wordless asking if it was alright to reveal this information to Lark. After Parzival subtly bobbed his head in confirmation, the princess said, “The royal court magician, Lady Ropianna. She’s a magician under the direct supervision of the royal family. She’s been protecting the crown for several decades now, and she’s also the one who’s been halting the progression of my father’s curse with her magic. If not for her, the curse would have already killed Father several years ago.”

“She’s capable of halting the progression of a curse from a High Demon?” mumbled Lark. “Impressive.” Lark pondered for several seconds. “Did she tell you the reason why she considered the Endless Forest?”

Lark had visited the Endless Forest several times before when he was making the map of the surrounding region, and he did not encounter any mana-dense areas nearby. Based on the story of the princess, this royal court magician seemed capable. Lark could not understand how someone of her caliber would make this simple mistake.

The princess shook her head. “She didn’t tell us the reason…”

Parzival added, “It’s a bit vague… The lady simply said that we’ll find the cure to His Majesty’s curse in the Endless Forest and at the Forbidden

Region. She said this was the Water God’s revelation to her at the temple.”


For some reason, Parzival stared at Lark as though he’d arrived at a realization. As though he finally understood what the Water God’s message to the royal court magician meant.

Lark remained silent upon the mention of the Water God. Even now, he still did not believe in the existence of such higher beings. Even back in his past life, he’d never encountered them, nor did they make contact with the humans. Even if they did exist, Lark deemed that they were probably just massive aggregations of mana capable of coherent thoughts, just like the demons.

“Are there other labyrinths in this Kingdom, aside from the Forbidden Region?” said Lark.

“There are none,” said Parzival.

“How about mana wells?”

“There’s only one mana well in the entire continent,” said Parzival. “And it’s located at the center of the Empire’s capital.”

Lark sighed. “Then the Forbidden Region’s the only remaining option.”

Parzival looked at the princess, then at Lark. “I believe there’s no need for us to go to that dangerous place ourselves. The captain of the royal

knights and his men are probably on their way toward that labyrinth as we speak. Before we left the capital, the royal knights were already organizing an expedition to find the flower in the Forbidden Region. They finally have a chance to organize an army for expedition now that the Imperial Army has retreated from our land.”

Parzival was obviously against the princess going to such a dangerous place. Lark agreed with the knight on this. Even if he went to the Forbidden Region, he wouldn’t take the princess with him. She’d only be dead weight.

“An army of knights is already on its way toward the labyrinth to search for the flower, huh?” said Lark.

Parzival nodded. “It’s an elite unit serving directly under the king. The captain is the son of Sword Saint Marrozo. I heard that before the Sword Saint became bedridden due to old age, he managed to pass down his sword techniques to the captain.”

Lark heard before that there were two Sword Saints in this Kingdom. He’d met Master Alexander several times before, but this was the first time he’d heard the name of the second Sword Saint. Unfortunately, based on Parzival’s story, the Sword Saint was already bedridden.

“Since an elite unit is already on its way to the Forbidden Region to retrieve the flower,” said Lark. “All we can do now is wait. Please send a

message to the capital. List down all the things I’ve told you and have them procure the materials immediately. Also, if by any chance they’d be able to gather a dozen high-grade mana stones, we can also use those as an alternative option.”

The last part of the statement was probably wishful-thinking, Lark knew.

“Understood!” Parzival said firmly. “I’ll send out a messenger immediately!”

The princess frowned. “Parzival, why are you agreeing to what Lord Lark’s saying? Isn’t it better if we also go to the Forbidden Region? What if the royal knights can’t retrieve the flower!”

Lark stared at the princess. He pondered for a moment if he should say what was on his mind to the princess.

“And what difference will it make if you’re there, Princess?” Lark asked. He didn’t hesitate to shatter the princess’ naïve way of thinking. “You’ll be dead weight. Baggage. It’ll only make it harder for the army to retrieve the flower if they also have to protect you in that labyrinth.”

The princess’ entire face flushed, probably from anger, or maybe from shame—Lark was not sure. And he didn’t care.

Lark glanced at Parzival. The knight did not have the slightest intention of bringing the princess to the Forbidden Region, no matter what. He stood silently next to the princess, not bothering to refute Lark’s statement.

Lark and Parzival wordlessly agreed that this would be in the princess’ best interests.

The princess couldn’t utter another word. Her entire body trembled as tears started forming at the corner of her eyes.

Seeing this, Lark sighed. What a sheltered woman, he thought.

“The best course of action, for now, is to wait,” Lark repeated. “I promise you that once the army gets hold of the flower, we’ll depart for the capital immediately to cure the curse of His Majesty.”

The princess slowly bobbed her heard in acknowledgment but didn’t utter a reply.

“Parzival,” said Lark.

“Yes?”

“Would it be possible to get hold of adamantite?”

“I’m afraid it’ll be near impossible, Lord Lark, even with the help of the royal family,” said Parzival. “But I could probably procure some mithril

for the creation of the phylactery.”

“I see.”

For a moment, Lark was reminded of the adamantite vein deep within the lake. But mining those ores as they were right now would be extremely difficult with tens of thousands of monsters spawning in that area.

“There’s a blacksmith in Lion City capable of forging items using mithril,” said Lark. “We can probably ask him to build us the phylactery, but the process will probably take several weeks. Please prioritize the procurement of the mithril ingots—at least two of them—and the high-grade mana stone.”

“Of course.” Parzival bowed his head. “I’ll work on it immediately.”

***

After her meeting with Lark, Princess Esmeralda shut herself inside the guest room in the mansion. She curled her body and silently sobbed.

She felt powerless. In her entire life, this was the first time someone directly told her that she would be nothing but dead weight.

Various emotions—frustration, anger, embarrassment and helplessness —filled her heart. Back then, she’d wanted to slap the Lord of Blackstone Town in the face for blatantly telling her to stay still and not be a hindrance to the army. But in the end, she couldn’t do it. She knew within herself that

all of what Lark Marcus said was correct. She knew that even if she personally went to the Forbidden Region, nothing would change. She’d just be deadweight.

Princess Esmeralda’s face contorted as tears flowed freely down her face. Snot dripped from her nose as she sobbed. She gripped the pillows tight as she suppressed a shout of frustration.

The princess stayed cooped up in her room, refusing food and audience even from her personal knights. It was only the next day when she finally decided to go out. By then, her eyes were puffy from crying all night.

After breakfast, she saw Chryselle practicing magic in the mansion garden.

To the princess, the sight was surreal. Chryselle was almost the same age as her, but she was already highly proficient in magic. There was also this indescribable strength seeping through those crimson eyes, the same strength the princess could see in her knights.

Chryselle felt a gaze on her. She turned around and was surprised to find the princess staring at her with wide eyes.

“Princess?”

The princess flinched upon realizing that she was discovered. “S-Sorry, did I interrupt your training?”

Like an elder sister, Chryselle smiled. “Not at all. I was just thinking of taking a break.”

Chryselle wiped the sweat on her forehead using the back of her hand.

“What brought you here, Princess?”

Princess Esmeralda averted her gaze after hearing this question. “I’m… just walking around.”

Chryselle noticed the princess’ puffy eyes. She was sure that the princess must have been crying nonstop before she came, although she didn’t know why. And she had no intention of prying into the secrets of a royal.

“Walking around, I see.” Chryselle was still smiling. “Then would you like to join me for tea? There’s this interesting book I found in the library of Blackstone Town recently. We can read together if you want, Princess.”

Beautiful, strong, kind. Chryselle really reminded the princess of her older sisters. Princess Esmeralda was thrilled at the invitation. She immediately agreed.

“Of course!” she said. “I’d love to!”

Chryselle chuckled. She began preparing the tea. At the same time, she handed the book to the princess.

“This is the book?” The princess was puzzled, particularly at the book’s title. “Principles of a Just Sovereign,” mumbled the princess. “By Evander Alaester.”

As a royal, the princess had been exposed to various literature since she was young. But this was the first time she’d heard of the book’s title. This was also the first time she heard of Evander Alaester.

Chryselle looked at the princess with eyes filled with understanding. “You’ve probably never heard of him. But the author—Evander Alaester— is a prominent figure among the magicians of Wizzert. He’s like a God to us magicians, you see.”

“God to the magicians?”

“Yes, Princess.” Chryselle placed a cup of tea before Esmeralda. “I was surprised when I saw a book written by that magician sitting on the shelves of this town’s library. And you know what’s more surprising, Your Highness?”

There was a small pause.

“That book was clearly written just recently,” said Chryselle. “A mass-produced book. Almost a hundred of them. And it’s mandatory for all soldiers to read it.”

Chryselle looked at the third floor of the mansion. Particularly at the office of the current lord.

CHAPTER 10

Days quickly passed by. The farmers finally finished harvesting the crops in the Northern Land. As planned, Blackstone Town started exporting the excess wheat, poultry, and umami salt to the nearby territories.

The umami salt in particular caused an uproar among the masses. Unlike the sea salt from the Kelvin Duchy, the umami salt added an unexplainable meaty taste to their dishes. Just a few days after it arrived in Lion City and Mavas City, it quickly became a hot topic among restaurants and inns. Even nobles started taking interest in the new product from Blackstone Town.

Gaston was thrilled when money started to finally flow into the treasury. They were close to being in the red just a month ago. But now, the amount of money coming in was enough to sustain the current developments of Blackstone Town.

They were no longer relying on the revenue from just the kalranes and potions to sustain the territory. With the addition of the income from exported crops, meat, and spices, they finally broke even.

At the same time, the blacksmith commissioned by Lark at Lion City arrived at Blackstone Town. Garma went straight to the mansion to deliver

the mithril cubes he’d created. As he had promised, he finished the product in just two weeks.

“You must have been busy,” said Lark. “Thank you for coming all the way here just to deliver these.”

Placed on top of his desk were two silver-black cubes the size of a head. Each of them was made of mithril. On their walls, complex intertwining figures were carved.

“I wouldn’t be able to sleep if I let some servant deliver this to you.” Garma didn’t bother with formalities and addressed Lark casually. “Mithril’s damn expensive and rare. I’d rather kill myself than have an item made of mithril be stolen by some lowly bandit in the forest.”

Lark thought that he could have sent it through the merchants since those men were protected by hired mercenaries during their travel. Garma probably had another reason for delivering this personally to Blackstone Town.

“Kid, this is the first time I’ve seen an item like that,” said Garma. “I followed the blueprints faithfully, but even now I can’t see how those cubes are supposed to work, with their insides hollow and all.”

“That’s not surprising.” Lark nodded in understanding. “It’s a personal design of mine.”

He touched one of the cubes and channeled mana into it. Slowly, the symbols carved on the walls glowed. The cube separated into eight smaller pieces, forming small gaps, revealing the hollow interior.

“It’s a medium, a container.”

Lark’s mana slowly flowed toward the hollow center of the cube, forming a translucent aggregation of mana visible even to the blacksmith’s eyes. At first, it was just a small lump the size of a wheat grain. But as Lark continued supplying it with mana, it eventually grew into the size of a pebble.

“Crystallized mana,” said Lark. “Pretty, isn’t it?”

Garma agreed. It was indeed beautiful, like a polished gemstone. Even now, the crystallized mana at the center of the cube continued sucking Lark’s mana, slowly growing in size with each passing moment.

“It’ll be extremely hard to expand the mana pool of this body any further unless I get my hands on another high-grade mana stone,” said Lark. “I tried looking for decent-quality mana stones in the capital, but to no avail.”

He’d realized the limits of his current shell a long time ago. Although he still continued training his mana pool every night, it was apparent that

his progress would continue at a slow pace without the aid of an external force like a high-grade mana stone.

His current body’s mana core was too mediocre. If only he had the same core as his disciples—George and Austen—reaching greater heights would have been easier.

Well, he decided to be thankful that he didn’t end up with a body with a defective core. This was still better than nothing. He decided to make do with what he currently had in his hands.

“But with the help of these items.” Lark grinned. “It should be possible to store mana in a separate space. An external container. In this case, these mithril cubes.”

For several minutes, Garma and Lark silently watched as the crystallized mana inside the cube grew in size. By the time Lark was done, it was already the size of a fist. Lark breathed deeply and exhaled. He’d used up more than half of his entire mana.

Lark grinned as he looked at the translucent lump of mana inside the cube. The amount of mana stored in a single cube should be enough to enable him to cast a tenth-tier spell without expending his own mana reserves. If he used both cubes, even Grand Scale Magic should be possible.

“This is perfect,” Lark said in satisfaction. “It’s really hard to believe that you managed to create these two on the first try. The stored mana doesn’t seep out at all. I don’t have to worry about losing the mana I’ve stored in these mediums.”

Garma laughed. Nothing was more euphoric than hearing a client praise his work as a blacksmith. “Of course, kid! I’ve been a blacksmith my entire life! Iron or mithril! It doesn’t matter, I can make any item you want!”

Garma’s laughter echoed even in the hallway.

After he filled the first cube to full capacity, Lark deactivated the runes and they reverted to their former state—a dull, silver-black cube with carved symbols on its walls. The gaps on the walls closed and they could no longer see the crystallized mana inside.

To Garma’s surprise, the deactivated cube floated up and hovered above Lark.

“Mithril’s a great conductor of mana,” Lark said after seeing the curious gaze of the blacksmith. “You’re the one who carved those peculiar symbols on its walls. You’re probably curious about their function.”

Garma nodded. He came here to deliver it personally out of curiosity. As a craftsman, he wanted to fully understand the item he’d just made for

this noble.

“Flight magic, shield magic, and the five elements—fire, water, wind, earth, and lightning.” Lark willed the cube to hover down and stop right in front of him. It slowly spun around, showing the symbols carved on its walls. “This cube serves not only as storage of mana. It could also instantly cast basic spells on its own. Although it could only cast weak spells until the third tier, it should be enough to aid me during battle.”

Garma was dumbstruck after hearing Lark’s explanation. He had no idea that he’d created such an absurd item. The words ‘instantly cast spells’ resounded in his mind. Lark regarded third-tier spells as weak, but Garma knew that a third-tier lightning bolt was more than enough to kill your average soldier. Add the outrageous ‘instant cast’ function, this seemingly harmless cube was definitely a tool for carnage.

No wonder those peculiar symbols he carved on the cube’s walls felt like magic formations.

They were magic formations .


Garma felt that the rare mithril was really well spent on these items. He finally understood why Lark immediately opted to have these things created instead of a sword or a spear.

Lark remembered the phylactery they needed to create to store the fragment of a demon.

“Ah, sorry for asking this when you’ve just created these cubes for me,” said Lark. “But would it be possible for you to create another item made of mithril for me?”

Garma wondered how Lark got his hands on another mithril ore. He had to admit, he was curious what kind of item the noble was going to request him to make this time.

“Another item made of mithril,” mumbled Garma.

Lark took out a rolled parchment and handed it the blacksmith. After unfurling it, Garma stared at the blueprint. It was neither a mithril cube nor was it a spear or a sword.

“A vase?” Garma frowned.

“A phylactery,” said Lark. “Have you heard legends of liches? Beings who let go of their humanity in pursuit of immortality.”

Garma had heard of them. As a kid, he’d frequently read tales about these greedy magicians who, in exchange for immortal life, stored their souls in phylacteries and took over the body of an undead. Although never in his wildest dreams would he have expected that he’d one day receive a commission to create a soul jar.

Garma stared at Lark. “Kid, my brother recommended me to you, so you must be a trustworthy person. That damn Zacharia’s a good judge of character, after all.” Garma gripped the blueprint, crumpling half of it. He looked enraged for some reason. “You’re still young. I can help you create as many mithril cubes as you want, but creating a phylactery is out of the question.” Garma’s voice was firm. He stared at Lark with eyes filled with resolve.

Lark realized that Garma was misunderstanding his words.

“Ah, I should have worded it better.” Lark rubbed his forehead. He chuckled. “I have no plans on becoming a lich, old man. That phylactery, it’s… to heal a certain someone. I need a container made out of mithril or adamantite to sever a curse bound to a person’s blood.”

Garma locked eyes with Lark. After several seconds of awkward silence, he sighed. The young man didn’t seem to be lying, at least that was what his intuition was telling him right now.

“Let me think about it,” said Garma. “Just find me in the same smithy in Lion City once you have the mithril.”

At least, Garma no longer outright refused him. But Lark could feel that the blacksmith was still a bit uneasy making a phylactery.

Three loud knocks were heard and a servant entered. He said, “Young Lord, Her Highness is here to see you.”

Lark wondered why the princess suddenly came to see him.

“Let her in.”

After being given permission to enter, a young woman entered Lark’s office. She halted the moment she saw the muscular, sweaty old man standing before Lark’s desk.

“Ah, Princess,” said Lark. “What’s brought you here today?”

Princess Esmeralda looked at the unknown man timidly. She contemplated if she should come back at another time.

“He’s the blacksmith who’ll be creating the phylactery.” Lark decided to introduce him to get rid of the princess’ uneasiness. “Garma. The famous blacksmith of Lion City.”

Garma smiled wryly after hearing the word ‘famous.’ He was sure that he had a terrible reputation in Lion City, especially since he frequently refused commissions from the nobles of the city. If he didn’t like the person, he wouldn’t take the request. No wonder even Big Mona called him a grumpy old man.

Lark added. “This young lady here is the youngest daughter of King Alvis, Princess Esmeralda. She’s the client you’ll be working with for the

phylactery.”

Garma stared at the princess then gave a nod of acknowledgment.

After hearing that the muscular old man was the one who’ll be making the phylactery for her father, the princess’ eyes glimmered. She made several strides and grasped the rough hands of the blacksmith.

“So you’re Garma!” said the Princess excitedly. “Thank you for coming all this way from Lion City just to listen to our request!”

The princess was clearly mistaken about why Garma had come to Blackstone Town, but the two men decided to ignore it. She looked so happy and they didn’t want to shatter it.

Although Garma heard that she was a princess, he still didn’t bother sticking with formalities. After the princess let go of his hands, Garma scratched the inside of his ear using his pinky finger. He grinned mischievously. “I didn’t know you have a wife, kid. And a Princess of the Kingdom at that. Damn player. You’ll soon become part of the royal family, huh?”

The princess froze upon hearing those words. Her face flushed and she took a few steps back. For some reason, her gaze became glued on the ground.

Seeing this, Garma chuckled. The Princess was too innocent, he thought. “I’m kidding. There’s no need to be so embarrassed. It was just a joke, Princess.”

Garma cackled, his laughter echoing even into the hallway. Lark was amazed that this blacksmith could remain so unrestrained even when speaking to Her Highness.

Lark decided to give the princess a way out. He asked, “So what did you come here for, Princess?”

The princess was clearly uneasy. Garma and Lark noticed this. They nodded at each other.

“I’ll be on my way,” said Garma. “Just visit me at my smithy once you want the item made.”

Lark stood up and bowed his head. “I will. Thank you, Sir.”

After Garma left, the Princess finally spoke. “I-I’ve thought about what you said to me several days ago,” she said. “That it won’t change anything even if I went with the expedition to the Forbidden Region.”

Lark listened silently. He remembered the harsh words he’d said to her back then.

“It’s true. I’m powerless! I’m not good with the sword like Parzival, and I’m not proficient in magic like Chryselle! No wonder you told me I’ll

be just baggage.”

The princess clenched her fists. She looked at Lark straight in the eyes. “That’s why, please… I heard from Chryselle that you’re probably the greatest mage in this country. Please teach me magic!”

Silence befell the room.

Lark stared at the quivering princess. Judging by her personality, it must have taken everything just to say these things to him in person.

After some time, he spoke, “I dislike being entangled with royals.”

Lark knew firsthand how bothersome it was to be associated with High Nobles, especially back in his previous life.

“Learning magic is not something you decide out of a whim, Princess.” Lark raised three fingers. “Talent, mana pool, unwavering determination. You need at least two of these three to be even remotely proficient in magic. There are a lot of people with talent but they were born with mediocre mana pool—and they could never achieve greater heights because of that. There are people with vast mana pools but lack the talent to utilize it, and they’re stuck with lackluster spells incapable of killing even the weakest beasts.”

“And unwavering determination, Princess. Determination. Unless you can prove to me that you have all these three, I won’t teach you.”

“But you said that you only need to fulfill two of them to be even remotely proficient!” protested the princess.

“I told you. I dislike being involved with royals,” said Lark. He blatantly showed that he had no interest in taking her in as a student. “Curing His Majesty is a matter of life or death, and there’s nothing I can do but help with it. But teaching you magic is an entirely different matter, Your Highness.”

The Princess bit her lip. “As long as I fulfill all three, you’ll teach me?”

There was a small pause before Lark replied.

“Of course.”

The Princess turned around and went for the door. She planned on seeking Chryselle’s help after this. For some strange reason, she really wanted to prove this idiotic lord wrong. This Lark Marcus was too arrogant. He even refused to become the magic instructor of a royal.

“Don’t go back on your promise.”

Seeing those determined eyes, Lark smiled. “I won’t. You have my word, Princess.”

CHAPTER 11

The royal knights under the crown’s direct command made their way to the Forbidden Region of the Kingdom. After passing through Boris County, they kept heading southwest, eventually arriving at a vast, dead plain. The ground was barren, filled with cracks, and not a single plant was in sight. From the cracks, green smoke oozed out.

“Pitch the tents, ground tie the horses,” said Symon, the captain of the royal knights. “The masks, put them on.”

The knights started putting masks on themselves and the horses. They started pitching tents. The royal court magician—Wisgarus “The Fortress”—started casting his spell, creating a two-meter-tall rock wall around them.

“Are we camping here for the night?” said Wisgarus, a small middle-aged man with balding hair.

Captain Symon nodded. “Yes, Lord Magician. It’ll be better for my men to rest before we dive into the labyrinth at the center of the ruin. We’re still far from the City of Bones, so it should be safe.”

Wisgarus didn’t seem satisfied with the captain’s plan. He looked at the green smoke oozing out of the cracks on the ground. He didn’t like the idea

of camping on the ground filled with flesh-eating poison.

“Minerva,” said Wisgarus.

A stubby woman with graying hair sighed. “I know.”

She cast her spells and a translucent bubble enclosed the entire camp, filtering out the green smoke and preventing it from entering. It was only after the woman cast her barrier did Wisgarus finally relax.

Although the stubby woman looked unreliable at first glance, she was among the royal court magicians of the Kingdom. Minerva “The Sylphid,” the most proficient magician in the Kingdom when it came to barrier magic.

These two magicians held the most formidable defensive spells in the entire Kingdom. During the last war with the Empire, they were tasked with defending the capital as the Coalition Army made its way toward Yorkshaire Fortress. But after the king collapsed during the celebratory banquet, these shields were now tasked to retrieve a certain flower in this region.

“Wisgarus,” said Minerva. “What do you think of this expedition?”

The two royal court magicians gazed at the knights moving about.

“You heard the divination of Ropianna, right?” Wisgarus smiled wryly. “But you still came here, despite that.”

Minerva clicked her tongue. “All of these young ones would die if I didn’t come. That damn flower. Why did it have to grow inside a labyrinth, of all places?”

“But there’s also the Endless Forest?” Wisgarus chuckled.

“Don’t be stupid. You know it too. The flower won’t grow in that region. It’s clearly a decoy to prevent that naïve princess from leading her knights to this region. The real thing is in here. Inside that stupid dungeon.”

Wisgarus and Minerva fell silent. According to the divination by Ropianna, more than half of the Royal Knights would die during this expedition. Still, the two of them came regardless. Maybe this way, they’d be able to prevent more deaths.

Unfortunately, the divination from the Water God didn’t tell them whether or not the expedition would be a success. It simply told them that more than half of the expedition members would perish in battle.

The two royal court magicians hoped that their presence here would be enough to tilt the odds in their favor.

***

After resting overnight, the expedition team immediately set out at dawn, leaving behind the porters and the horses at the camp. Armed to the teeth and carrying several days’ worth of rations, they entered the ruins.

According to historians, these ruins dated back several centuries ago, at a time when the Kingdom hadn’t yet existed. Some historians claimed that it was older than the Great Empire itself, that it was a ruined city from the age of magic.

No one knew why the ruins were protected by very strong monsters, nor why a labyrinth was at its center. They could only speculate on what kind of treasure was being kept there.

The expedition team continued moving toward the heart of the ruin, all the while avoiding the flesh-eating smoke oozing out of the ground. Their entire body was clad in armor, preventing the smoke from directly touching their skin.

It was a known fact that the moment the green smoke touched one’s skin, it would corrode it just like the spit of a male basilisk. This was the reason very few dared to venture into this territory. The foolish ones who did so, frequently found themselves melted into nothing but bones.

After walking for an hour, the expedition team finally encountered monsters.

Five serpents, with bodies resembling cacti, shot out of the ground unannounced and attacked the royal knights. Each of them was at least seven meters long, with bodies large enough to swallow a person whole.

Some of them tried swallowing their prey, while the rest spat out greenish fluid which screamed of the word ‘poison.’

Fortunately, these monsters weren’t covered in hard scales like the basilisks. The royal knights easily fended off the attacks and killed the green serpents in less than a minute.

As expected of an elite unit composed entirely of Royal Knights and two royal court magicians, monsters of this caliber weren’t even a threat at all.

Without resting, the expedition team continued its way toward the heart of the ruins—toward the labyrinth at the center. As they came nearer the labyrinth, more and more monsters started appearing.

Sand-burrowing centipedes, rock golems, poison wisps, man-devouring cacti. Monsters capable of wiping out platoons of regular soldiers kept attacking them one after another.

When a horde of giant, poisonous scorpions appeared, the expedition team finally started suffering casualties.

Minerva furrowed her brows. They hadn’t even reached the labyrinth yet, but the knights were already dying. The number of monsters infesting the ruins was simply endless. Even after killing several of them, hordes would still come and attack them.

Maybe this expedition was a mistake after all. It was simply too dangerous to challenge the Forbidden Region.

As she was contemplating whether or not to suggest a retreat, Wisgarus started to cast his magic. Three carriage-sized golems sprouted from the ground and blocked the hordes of giant scorpions. With every sweep of their hands, several giant scorpions were sent flying.

“Now!” shouted Wisgarus.

The knights understood and immediately used this opening to run toward the labyrinth.

The labyrinth was in stark contrast to the ruins. It stood majestically tall, and it reminded the knights of the temple in the capital. The walls were covered in bronze, and two large statues of knights holding spears stood right at the entrance. It looked brand new, as though the monsters in the ruins had never touched it.

According to records, the monsters in the ruins wouldn’t give chase once you’d reached the entrance to the labyrinth. For some reason, even the ferocious monsters refused to come near it.

With the golems holding off the horde of giant scorpions, the expedition team finally made it to the labyrinth’s entrance. They halted next

to the large statues to catch their breath. As expected, the giant scorpions stopped chasing after them after reaching this place.

Captain Symon looked at his men. They’d just lost seven royal knights from that encounter, even after receiving help from two royal court magicians. Now, only around eighty knights remained.

Captain Symon steeled his resolve. Now was not the time to feel disheartened.

“Royal knights!” snarled Captain Symon. “We’ll be entering the labyrinth soon. Be vigilant and never lose your focus! Our goal is the flower. The Tears of Ubroxia. I’m sure everyone has been briefed beforehand what the flower looks like. The moment you see it, inform everyone! We’ll immediately retreat once we get the flower! Understood?”

“Yes, Captain!” the knights replied in unison.

After catching their breath and fixing their weapons and tools, the expedition team entered the labyrinth. Minerva cast several orbs of light and illuminated their immediate surroundings.

For a moment, she was stunned seeing the labyrinth’s interior. It was beautiful, as though this place hadn’t been touched by the passage of time.
The murals on the walls looked brand new, and even the bronze-plated pillars glimmered upon the touch of light. Whoever made this labyrinth

must have been a very wealthy figure in the past. And judging by the monsters roaming in the ruins, the creator of this labyrinth didn’t have the slightest intention of letting people trespass.

Wisgarus stared silently at the murals on the walls. While looking at them, he couldn’t help but feel shivers. He’d studied the archaic language of the lost era—the age of the Magic Empire. He could read some of the letters carved on the walls and pillars.

“Qeurvanu,” mumbled Wisgarus. “I see. So this labyrinth was created by the God of Poison.”

Minerva froze upon hearing this. Qeurvanu was a magician from the age of magic. Although he died after attempting to revive his master, he was said to be the sole magician to have reached the pinnacle of poison magic. Poison strong enough to reduce its prey to nothing but bones.

Captain Symon noticed the terrified faces of the royal court magicians.


“Lord Magician,” the Captain said grimly. “I do not know who Qeurvanu is, but he must have been a very powerful magician, for him to be dubbed as the God of Poison. Still, I have no intention of turning back until we get our hands on the flower. I’m sure the other knights feel the same.”

Minerva and Wisgarus looked at each other. Honestly, they wanted to stop this expedition now that they’d found out that this place was created by

Qeurvanu. But considering Captain Symon’s personality, they knew that trying to convince him would be futile.

The captain and his knights would surely try to retrieve the flower even if Minerva and Wisgarus left the team.

“No matter what?” said Minerva.

“No matter what,” Captain Symon said firmly.

Minerva sighed. “Alright.”

Wisgarus rubbed his forehead. He was starting to feel his head ache.

“Younglings,” he said to the knights, “we’ll probably encounter poisonous traps and monsters here. Prepare yourselves. We’ll continue with the expedition, but be sure to heed our orders.”

The knights had resolved themselves before coming to this place. They replied resolutely, “Yes!”

“Symon, I can read some of the words written here,” said Wisgarus. “There might be traps. Let me lead the way.”

“Of course. As you wish.”

“Minerva, you’ll be responsible for the rear.”

“I know, old man,” she spat.

With Wisgarus at the lead, the expedition team started the search for the flower on the first floor of the labyrinth. Surprisingly, the first floor didn’t have any monsters or traps in it. It was simply filled with beautiful murals, depicting what it was like back in the magic era.

It took them three hours to search through the entire first floor. Although it was unfortunate that they couldn’t find the flower, they managed to confirm that this floor was a safe haven for the expedition team. They decided to rest here for the day and continue with their search tomorrow, on the second floor of the labyrinth.

The next day, they immediately went toward the stairs leading to the second floor. An ominous placard stood right at the entrance. It was written with archaic words and letters from the era of magic, but Wisgarus managed to decipher it:

Beyond this door is a place of anguish and death.

An ominous warning from the God of Poison himself.

After reading this, Wisgarus couldn’t help but shudder. The mural next to the entrance to the second floor was especially disturbing. It depicted an image of a monster with seven serpentine heads.

CHAPTER 12

After a long flight of stairs, the expedition team arrived on the second floor of the labyrinth. It was a stark contrast to the first floor; instead of a grandiose hall filled with murals, the second floor was your typical cavern with uneven ground, stale air, and forked paths. Glowing plants, which resembled algae, covered portions of the walls, providing some illumination to the expedition team.

Wisgarus cast his spell and two humanoid golems sprouted out of the ground. He cast another spell and a floating eyeball clad in flames manifested itself before him. The eyeball moved several meters in front of the expedition team, the golems closely following behind it.

“Poison wisps ahead,” said Wisgarus.

The floating eyeball enabled him to see far into the distance, despite the darkness of the cavern.

Upon hearing of the presence of poison wisps, Minerva immediately cast her barrier magic. Translucent bubbles surrounded each member of the expedition team. The moment they finally confronted the wisps, the barriers prevented the poisonous gas from making contact with the knights’ bodies.

The knights easily culled the poisonous wisps they encountered along the way. With barriers protecting the knights, the floating smoke monsters were killed one after another after their nucleus was shattered by sword strikes.

As they went deeper into the second floor of the labyrinth, the golems finally activated some of the labyrinth’s traps.

Clicking sounds were heard, and a gap between the walls opened. A split second after, dozens of arrows shot from the wall and pierced the body of the two golems, its impact strong enough to shatter even their heads. Judging by the sizzling sound after the arrow made contact with rocks, it was probably poisonous and corrosive.

And as though the arrows weren’t enough, the spikes above the ceiling formed cracks and fell down, destroying what remained of the golem’s bodies. Clouds of dust flew about and the expedition team stared at the remnants, their expressions grim.

Although they’d encountered only poison wisps so far, it seemed that the second floor was filled with traps. And to make things worse, those traps were clearly poisoned. Thankfully, they had two royal court magicians with them. They should be able to safely move past this area as long as they tread carefully.

After his golems were destroyed, Wisgarus cast his spell once again and created a fresh batch of golems. Just like before, the floating eyeball and the golems moved in front of the expedition team. The traps—from pits, poison arrows, whirling blades, and spears—shot toward the golems one after another, destroying them in an instant.

Wisgarus continued creating golems to bear the full brunt of those traps. The knights, on the other hand, dealt with the poison wisps. This simple tactic proved effective, as they finally arrived at the entrance to the third floor of the labyrinth.

As expected, they didn’t encounter any flowers on the second floor. According to the divination from the Water God, the flower was located on the lower floors of the labyrinth.

Just like before, the expedition team descended a long flight of stairs and arrived at the third floor. It also resembled a cavern, but the walls were twice as wide. Large webs filled the walls and the ceiling.

Wisgarus halted in his tracks. Noticing the magician’s hesitation, Captain Symon asked, “What is it, Lord Magician?”

Wisgarus frowned. Using the floating eye, he saw an ominous-looking sight at the room ahead.

“Eggs. Human-sized eggs,” he said. He looked at Minerva and added, “Three of them.”

Wisgarus started casting his spell. The ground below him shook and shot up, before latching to his body and forming an armor. From head to foot, scales made of strengthened rock covered Wisgarus’ body. This was the infamous spell that earned Wisgarus his moniker—The Fortress. It was well-known that Wisgarus’ rock armor was stronger than iron, and at the same time as flexible as hemp rope.

The members of the expedition team realized the gravity of the current situation, for Wisgarus to cast one of his strongest spells the moment he stepped foot on the third floor.

“We’ll probably encounter an arachnia,” he said. “I don’t know exactly how many of them are here, but there might be more than one. Prepare yourselves.”

The knights’ expressions turned grim. They pulled out their swords and shields. Minerva created several small magic formations next to her, ready to activate them at a moment’s notice.

They were all veterans, and all of them knew what kind of a monster an arachnia was.

Seven years ago, an arachnia appeared in the forest of Tranta, near the Marcus Duchy. Although it didn’t attack the city, it annihilated all the bandits in the forest, along with the passing merchants and travelers. Although the Marcus Army successfully subjugated the monster, it cost them several hundred men in the process.

It was a calamity class monster comparable to a basilisk.

As the expedition team moved forward, they finally arrived at the place Wisgarus indicated. Large cobwebs filled more than half the room, and three human-sized eggs were seen at the corner, pulsating with life. The eggs were glowing. At their center, they could see a brown organ— probably the heart—throbbing, filling the entire room with an ominous thumping sound.

The knights gripped their weapons tight, ready to strike at the arachnia the moment it arrived. They quickly scanned the room, but to their surprise, they couldn’t find the monster.

The eggs were a clear indication that the mother was here somewhere. The fact that they didn’t immediately encounter it started filling the knights with terror. They knew that it could suddenly pounce at them at any moment. It was only a question of when.

Minerva couldn’t shake off her uneasiness. Something was definitely wrong. She activated one of the pre-made magic formations and cast her spell. A gust of wind blew into the room, scanning it for the presence of monsters.

Minerva’s eyes widened.

A realization dawned.

The predator was right in front of them, but they didn’t even realize it.

“In front of you!” she shouted. “Watch out!”

She activated another spell and a barrier of wind formed in front of the expedition team. As though on cue, the arachnia deactivated its camouflage and appeared right in front of the knights. It was colossal, far larger than the arachnia the Marcus Army subjugated seven years ago. Its fifteen-meter body loomed in front of the expedition team, silvery threads dripping down its mouth.

It was amazing that such a gargantuan monster had been concealing its body from the expedition team for quite some time, simply waiting for the perfect opportunity to attack.

The arachnia screeched, drowning out all the sounds in the cavern. Its belly bulged and it opened its mouth wide, before spitting out dozens of hardened silvery threads. The threads—as sharp and strong as javelins—

were blocked by Minerva’s barrier. Seeing this, the arachnia raised several of its legs and struck the barrier, immediately shattering it.

Captain Symon’s instinct screamed at him. He roared, “Royal knights! Disperse!”

Immediately, the knights scattered across the room.

“Attack!”

And shot toward the arachnia without fear for their lives.

To their surprise, the arachnia jumped up and latched itself onto the ceiling, before again shooting several hardened threads. The knights skillfully evaded the attack, while some of them parried it with sword strikes.

Captain Symon amplified the strength of his body with magic. He gnashed his teeth, and with the entire strength of his lower body, ran on the wall then jumped toward the arachnia on the ceiling.

The arachnia screeched, as though accepting the challenge of the human before it. It raised several legs and struck at the captain. Surprisingly, the arachnia lost in the battle of strength. The captain parried the arachnia’s legs and spun his body, striking at the legs of the arachnia, creating several cuts on it. Using the momentum, he propelled his body

forward and stabbed at the arachnia’s belly. Blue blood flowed from the wound and the arachnia screeched in pain and anger.

It jumped toward the ground, aiming to crush the captain using the impact. But Captain Symon was quick to react. He pulled out his sword and kicked off the arachnia’s body, before softly landing on the ground.

The moment the arachnia struck the ground, the impact shook the entire cavern and dust flew around. Wisgarus cast his spell and spikes protruded out of the ground, impaling the arachnia’s body. Minerva formed chains with wind magic and bound the monster’s legs.

Although the wind chain immediately started forming cracks as the arachnia struggled to break free, it gave the knights enough time to deal damage to its body. They repeatedly stabbed and slashed at it, not giving the spider monster time to recuperate.

Captain Symon moved around and even started cutting off its legs. As expected of the son of Sword Saint Marrozo, his every strike was filled with strength and precision.

For a moment, the knights were stunned that they were doing incredibly well against a calamity class monster. Still, they didn’t lose focus and kept releasing attacks one after another, not stopping until they were sure that the giant spider was dead.

Sensing that its death was imminent, the spider violently struggled. It finally broke free from the wind chain and the earth spikes. Although it lost three of its legs, it still screeched violently and started spitting out its threads, piercing the walls and the bodies of a few unfortunate knights.

The tip of its belly opened and white smoke shot out, filling the entire room, rendering the knights’ visibility nearly zero. The arachnia activated its camouflage magic once again and disappeared from sight.

Unfortunately for the arachnia, the so-called ‘Sylphid’ tagged along with this expedition team. Minerva immediately cast her spell and gusts of wind blew inside the cavern, blowing away the white smoke. Minerva pointed a finger at the place where she felt the arachnia was hiding. At her fingertip, wind started compressing, before shooting out like a javelin. The spell struck the arachnia right at the belly, dispelling its camouflage magic.

The moment the giant spider’s location was revealed, Captain Symon immediately shot toward it and started cutting its remaining legs. Wisgarus supported the captain with earth spikes, rock chains, and earth golems, while the knights started throwing knives at the giant spider.

The arachnia screeched violently. Although the knights couldn’t understand the monster’s language, it felt like it was violently cursing everyone. It probably felt frustrated that it couldn’t kill mere humans.

Using this opening, Minerva cast a tenth-tier spell, consuming more than half of her mana pool in the process. It was a long chant. Layers upon layers of runes formed on a preexisting magic formation. After almost a minute, she finally completed her magic.

The magic formation brightly glowed and shattered into minute pieces.

A translucent female humanoid, its long hair flowing freely, manifested itself in front of the giant spider. Seeing this, Captain Symon and the rest of the knights moved back.

If Wisgarus was known for his impregnable armor, Minerva was known for her tenth-tier spell—the spell capable of summoning a sylphid.

With the arachnia on the verge of dying, this tenth-tier spell was definitely enough to deal the fatal blow.

The sylphid embraced the arachnia’s body, and a second after, a violent explosion rang out through the entire cavern, sending clouds of dust about. The ground and the walls shook, muffling the death throes of the arachnia.

After the spell ended, silence befell the cavern.

The clouds of dust receded, revealing the mutilated corpse of the calamity class monster. Blotches of blue blood scattered on the walls and on the ground.

Seeing the giant spider dead, the expedition team finally breathed sighs of relief. They lost five knights during the battle, a surprisingly low number of casualties, considering the fact that this arachnia was even larger than the one which appeared near the Marcus Duchy seven years ago.

Captain Symon stared at the corpse, then at the two royal court magicians. If not for these two—who boasted the strongest defensive spells in the entire Kingdom—they would have probably lost more lives. They might have even lost the battle. Without these two, Captain Symon wouldn’t have been sure of the outcome.

“Lord Magician,” said Captain Symon. “What about the eggs?”

Wisgarus immediately replied. There was no need to think of the answer. “Destroy them.”

Captain Symon bowed his head. He ordered his knights to destroy the eggs of the arachnia. They even went as far as combing the entire room to search for more eggs, just in case some were hidden underneath the large cobwebs.

Minerva approached the body of the dead giant spider. She touched its half-destroyed head and cast another spell. Several blades of wind struck the head one after another, eventually splitting it in half. Minerva grabbed the head and pulled it open. She grabbed the bluish gemstone inside it.

Although her hands were covered in monster blood, Minerva grinned after seeing the gemstone up close.

“High-grade mana stone,” said Wisgarus.

“It’s mine, old man,” said Minerva. She wiped the blood off the gemstone using a cloth and stored it inside her bag. “I dealt the finishing blow, after all.”

Wisgarus wanted to argue that it was a team effort, but eventually chose to shut his mouth. He’d known Minerva for decades. This stubby woman was especially fond of beautiful gemstones. She had a collection of middle-grade mana stones in her mansion, and she refused to sell them even after being offered exorbitant prices by merchants and nobles.

She wouldn’t let go of her collection of middle-grade mana stones. She obviously wouldn’t let go of this one.

“Symon,” she said. “I can have this one, right? I’ll give proper compensations later, so let me have this stone.”

Since Wisgarus conceded already, all that’s left was the approval of the captain.

Captain Symon nodded. “Of course. And there’s no need to compensate the knights. We’re simply grateful that Lady Minerva

accompanied us to the Forbidden Region. Our lives and the mission are more important than a mere gemstone.”

Minerva was clearly satisfied with the captain’s answer. She hummed as she looked around the cavern. “I’ve summoned a sylphid,” said Minerva. “I’m sure there are no other monsters on this floor. We can rest here as we treat the injured.”

That was reassuring.

Captain Symon asked the magicians, “Lord Magician, how much time do you need to recover your mana?”

He knew that both of them expended large amounts of mana during that fight. If they went down to the lower floors in such depleted states, the entire expedition team might be annihilated.

Wisgarus rubbed his chin. “I’ll be fine after five hours, but for Minerva…”

“Half a day,” she said. “Although I’ve used up almost all of my mana during the battle, this is a labyrinth.”

Indeed, the ambient mana here was several times greater than the other parts of the Kingdom. Recovering mana would be far easier.

Captain Symon nodded. “Understood!”

He turned to his men. “We’ll camp here for now. Everyone, rest, recuperate. Search the entire floor for the flower!”

CHAPTER 13

The expedition team combed the entire third floor of the labyrinth but didn’t find the flower. After recuperating for a couple of hours, they descended another long flight of stairs and finally arrived at the fourth floor of the dungeon.

This floor seemed like an entirely different world.

Everyone looked at their surroundings in amazement.

Gigantic trees reaching all the way to the ceiling, colossal roots covering most of the ground. Brown and red leaves formed canopies. Innumerable particles of light, which resembled fireflies, floated in the air. Even without light magic, the expedition team could clearly see everything.

“Wow,” a voice filled with admiration escaped the lips of a knight.

They hadn’t expected to see a forest underneath this dungeon. The trees looked ancient, each of them was several times larger than the trees seen in the forest near the capital.

Looking around, there were grasses, shrubberies, and different kinds of plants growing on the ground. This floor felt like the perfect place for them to find the Tears of Ubroxia.

“The last floor was an arachnia,” Minerva pessimistically spat. “Now, what kind of monster are we supposed to fight in this forest?”

The knights looked warily around their surroundings. After encountering all sorts of monsters imaginable in this Forbidden Region, they’d resolved themselves to fight to their deaths, no matter what monsters came to be their opponent.

With Wisgarus at the lead, the expedition team moved through the sea of trees, all the while looking out for any plant with a semblance of the flower.

After half an hour, the sea of trees ended and they arrived at a grassland. Looking beyond, they could see a large statue of a middle-aged man wearing an exquisite robe. He was holding a book in his left hand, and a staff in the other.

As the expedition team came closer to the statue, they realized how colossal it was. The head almost reached the ceiling, and its body alone was more than thirty meters wide. But the most absurd thing was the fact that it was made entirely of gold.

Whoever made this dungeon was truly a filthy rich bastard. There was no doubt about that.

After confirming that there were no traps, Wisgarus approached the foot of the statue. A stone tablet was erected next to it.

He read the words written on the tablet. “This shrine is dedicated to my master. The Sun, the Lord of all magicians.”

Wisgarus was well-versed in history. He immediately understood to whom the message was pertaining.

“So, that’s the statue of Evander Alaester?” said Minerva.

Wisgarus looked up. “Seems like it.”

Captain Symon also looked up and stared at the statue. This was the first time he’d heard of Evander Alaester. He wondered who this man was, for him to be enshrined by the God of Poison himself. Furthermore, this was the first time he’d seen something as grandiose as this. The value of this colossal statue made entirely of gold would be enough to sustain the Kingdom for several years.

Wisgarus rubbed his chin. “We might have just hit the jackpot.”

“What do you mean?” said Minerva.

“This floor is obviously sacred ground for Quervanu. If my hunch is correct, this floor doesn’t have any monsters.”

Minerva fell silent. Indeed, they hadn’t encountered any monsters since coming here.

“We’ll need to search the entire floor, just to be safe,” she said.

“Of course,” Wisgarus agreed. “Symon, this should be a good place to camp. Tell your knights to form teams to scout the area for monsters. If we’re lucky, we might finally find the flower in this place.”

“Yes. Understood.”

Captain Symon immediately issued out his orders. Four teams, composed of twelve knights each, were tasked to scout the surrounding areas. The rest started pitching tents. Wisgarus created a rock wall to enclose the camp and Minerva cast her barrier over it.

After an hour, the scouts came back, bringing with them great news.

“We didn’t encounter any monsters. There’s a small lake west of here, and to the east is a large hole on the ground. We believe it’s the entrance to the next floor of the labyrinth.”

Minerva looked at Wisgarus. “There are no monsters. What do you think?”

The two of them felt uneasy about the current situation. So far, dangerous monsters had been blocking their path as they went deeper into

this labyrinth. But now, they suddenly found themselves in a floor devoid of any monsters.

Wisgarus sighed. “There’s no use in overthinking things. We’ll immediately move out to search for the flower. And I want to see the giant hole—the so-called entrance to the next floor—myself.”

Wisgarus looked above once again. He stared at the statue of Evander Alaester. For a moment, the magician looked like a God overseeing this entire floor.

After receiving their orders from the captain, the knights moved out in smaller groups and started searching for the flower. Minerva and Wisgarus, on the other hand, went directly toward the entrance to the next floor. Upon arrival, they realized that the knights had understated the size of the hole.

It easily spanned thirty meters in diameter, and looking down, you could see nothing but the abyss. Wisgarus threw a rock in it, and it took a full minute before they heard the sound of impact.

Curious about what was inside the hole, Minerva cast several orbs of light and willed them to go inside. They peered down at the hole as the orbs of light flew down.

After the orbs reached the bottom, Wisgarus and Minerva’s eyes widened, their hair stood on end. Their entire bodies trembled as color

drained off their faces.

An absurdly large monster was sleeping inside.

Its seven serpentine heads intertwined with each other; its snouts were similar to a dragon’s. Its four gigantic wings were folded, covering half of its body.

“W-What the hell is that?” Wisgarus croaked.

Chills crawled down their spines. By size alone, the monster was comparable to the statue of Evander Alaester.

The royal court magicians realized that the knights were wrong.

This hole was not the entrance to the next floor.

It was a damnable monster den.

“T-The lights!” said Wisgarus. “Put out the lights!”

Minerva immediately cancelled her spell and the orbs of light vanished. The two of them stood there, frozen, unable to breathe. The sheer size of that creature made the arachnia on the third floor look like a cute little spider.

Seconds passed and the two breathed sighs of relief. Luckily their little disturbance wasn’t enough to wake up the creature.

Wisgarus remembered the mural on the entrance to the second floor.

He was sure now that it was pertaining to this monster.

“W-We should search for the flower quickly and get out of here as soon as possible!” he said.

Minerva agreed. They couldn’t see how mere humans could win against that monster. They were sure that if it hadn’t been contained in this labyrinth, it would have destroyed the entire Kingdom long ago.

The two royal court magicians immediately went back to their camp and relayed what they discovered to the rest of the royal knights. After hearing their story, even the royal knights visibly panicked. Only Captain Symon remained calm and composed.

“I think we’ve more or less confirmed that there are no monsters here aside from the one sleeping inside the giant hole,” said Captain Symon. “There’s no longer any need to search in groups. Everyone, disperse and comb the entire floor for the flower. Avoid going near the giant hole. The last thing we want is for the monster to wake up. This giant statue will be our gathering spot. The moment you find the flower, return to this camp and fire the red flare.”

He snarled, “Go!”

“Yes, Captain!”

Time was of great essence since they didn’t know when the creature would wake up. Immediately, the knights moved out and scattered as they searched for the flower.

Wisgarus was also about to join the search when he noticed the placard at the foot of the statue, partly hidden by the tall grass.

He parted the grass and read the words engraved on the placard:


I do believe that master will come back to us again. I have stored master’s treasures in this shrine, in hopes that it’ll prove useful once the master is resurrected. Kubarkava believes the same and even went to great lengths to tame the Earth Scylla to protect this territory.

Wisgarus remembered the things he read in history books. According to the Grand Historian, Gustav Chavalion, two of Evander Alaester’s disciples tried performing the ritual of the dead to revive their master. He was sure that those two were Quervanu—the God of Poison, and Kubarkava—the dragon devourer.

Unfortunately, the ritual failed and the two famous disciples lost their lives in the process.

After reading the words written here, he finally understood why that seven-headed monster was here. It was actually here to protect the treasure from outsiders.

Wisgarus told Minerva what he’d just discovered. As expected, the woman’s eyes shone greedily after hearing the story.

“That Evander Alaester’s treasure is being kept on this floor of the labyrinth?” she said, almost squeaking.

“I believe it’s inside this giant statue,” said Wisgarus. He started knocking on the foot of the statue, hoping to find an entrance of some sort. “It wouldn’t make any sense, otherwise.”

Although the flower was important to cure His Majesty, the two royal court magicians simply couldn’t let this opportunity of a lifetime to escape their grasp. All magicians who’d studied their history knew how powerful Evander Alaester was.

During his prime, that magician was said to have laid waste to an entire tribe of Red Dragons just to save one of his disciples. There was also a story of how he single-handedly stopped a Demon Lord’s army from reaching the Magic Empire.

He was without a doubt one of the magicians who’d reached the pinnacle of magic. A God among humans.

And now, the opportunity to get their hands on Evander’s treasures was presented before them. How could they let this chance pass by?

Using different spells, the two royal court magicians earnestly searched for the entrance. After several hours, they finally found it.

“To think that the entrance is located at the statue’s mouth,” said Minerva. “We’ve been looking in the wrong place for several hours.”

Using their spells, they climbed up and reached the mouth of the giant statue. Wisgarus pried the mouth open and the two of them entered through the gap. He cast an orb of light, revealing the bronze door inside.

“Interesting,” said Wisgarus.

A complex magic formation was engraved on the door. Judging by the runes, it was an extremely strong defensive spell meant to block the entry of unwanted visitors. Luckily, it’d been too long since the two disciples of Evander created this place, and the spell had probably vanished entirely due to the passage of time. Otherwise, the strength of just two royal court magicians wouldn’t be enough to forcefully open the entrance.

Wisgarus and Minerva looked at each other. Just in case there were traps the moment they entered, the two of them readied their spells.

Wisgarus twisted the door’s handle and pushed it open. The door creaked and the orb of light illuminated the statue’s interior. A long, winding staircase led toward the foot of the statue. The two royal court magicians immediately went down the stairs. The moment they arrived at the bottom, they were stunned speechless.

Mountains of gold coins, dating back from the Magic Empire, covered the floor. They could also see several mithril ingots piled up in a corner. There were also adamantite ores, dozens of high-grade mana stones, and other crystals and gemstones the two magicians failed to recognize. At the center of the mountain of treasures was a golden pillar holding a sword.

For several minutes, Wisgarus and Minerva were slack-jawed, speechless. They hadn’t expected to encounter Evander Alaester’s treasure in this labyrinth.

CHAPTER 14

“Is… is this real?” breathed Minerva.

The amount of treasure covering the floor would probably be enough to sustain the Kingdom for more than a century. Furthermore, they could see several magic items half-buried in the mountain of gold. Judging by Evander’s reputation, each of those was probably items heard of only in the legends.

“T-That sword!” Minerva was panting from excitement. “I-It looks exactly like the weapon used by Evander when he fought the Demon Lord’s army!”

Wisgarus looked at the sword held by the golden pillar. Its translucent white blade gave off a soft glow, its platinum hilt embedded with five gemstones of different colors. According to the legends, each of those gemstones represented the five basic elements.

The Sword of Morpheus.

A sword capable of changing its shape in accordance with its master’s will. It could become a staff, a shield, a spear, a bow, a bracelet. The blade was made of crystallized mana from the Dragon Vein below. The hilt was

made of adamantite, and each of the five gemstones was made from the core of an Elemental.

According to legends, the blade was capable of absorbing tremendous amounts of ambient mana in the surroundings, and the five gemstones render it capable of performing high-level spells, while reducing the cast time of magic formations.

It was the most prized treasure of Evander Alaester. After his death, numerous magicians and demons tried searching for this weapon, but to no avail.

This weapon—capable of even cutting through adamantite—was the inspiration when the first maginus was created.

Who would have thought that his disciples hid the weapon inside this labyrinth?

The two royal court magicians knew that whoever gets their hands on that treasure would gain unfathomable strength. Peerless power capable of destroying even a tribe of dragons. Overwhelming strength capable of stopping a Demon Lord’s army on their own.

Minerva swallowed dry spit. She trembled as she stared at the Sword of Morpheus. The beauty of this sword shamed even her most prized

possessions. She knew she had to get her hands on this weapon no matter what.

Without warning, she ran toward the golden pillar and grabbed the sword.

“Are you an idiot!” yelled Wisgarus. “What if there are traps!”

Minerva salivated as she caressed the sword in her hand. She took it out of the golden pillar and rubbed it against her cheeks. Like a maniac, she repeatedly murmured, “The Sword of Morpheus… the Sword of Morpheus!”

Wisgarus looked around nervously, afraid that some trap would suddenly activate inside the treasure room. Right now, just a single look at Minerva was enough for him to arrive at the conclusion that the woman had lost it. She had given in to her greed.

Ever since she was young, this female magician loved beautiful things —and this sword was definitely the most beautiful artifact they’d seen in their life. No wonder she was so rapt by it.

As Minerva was rubbing the sword against her cheeks, the symbols carved on the walls glowed. The ground shook, the mountain of gold coins clanked, and a deafening roar was heard outside. Minerva jolted out of her

trance as the roar continued to echo from the outside. She locked eyes with Wisgarus.

“T-The Earth Scylla.” Wisgarus trembled. “I-It woke up!”

Color drained from Minerva’s face, but she still didn’t let go of the sword. If worse came to worst, she’d flee the dungeon alone with the Sword of Morpheus.

This was her life’s greatest find. She’d keep this sword, no matter what.

As she was racking her brain for a way out, the runes and symbols on the wall started spinning, and a ten-meter large magic formation manifested itself above them. The magic formation activated, and the runes shattered like glass, dispersing into numerous particles of light.

An invisible force started compressing the bodies of the two royal court magicians. Thankfully, Wisgarus never removed the magic armor covering his entire body. It was his strongest defensive spell, capable of surviving several blows from gigantic monsters.

But Minerva wasn’t as fortunate.

The moment the trap was activated, her body was instantly compressed. Her body burst and her innards splattered on the treasure-covered ground.

Wisgarus trembled upon witnessing the death of his comrade.

There was no scream.

Everything happened in an instant.

“Damn it.” He gnashed his teeth.

Unable to withstand the invisible force trying to crush his body, his armor started forming cracks. He knew that it was only a matter of time before he would meet the same fate as Minerva.

Unlike the female magician, he held no interest in these glittering things. Indeed, the Sword of Morpheus was enticing, but the life of His Majesty preceded everything. He had sworn allegiance to King Alvis. He could not afford to die here without warning those on the outside.

Knowing that there was no way for him to escape the treasure room, he resolved himself to at least relay a message to the captain.

“At least let the knights survive.” He gritted his teeth and summoned all of his remaining strength.

Using all of his remaining mana, he cast a spell. A chunk of earth separated from his armor and formed a sparrow.

“Relay the message to Captain Symon!” he snarled. “That they need to get out of this floor! Now!”

Filled with all of Wisgarus’ remaining mana, the sparrow momentarily resisted the invisible force in the treasure room.

The sparrow flapped its wings, flew up, and escaped through the open door. Engraved on its small body was Wisgarus’ last message to the captain. Hopefully with this, the knights would immediately escape this labyrinth.

Wisgarus smiled wryly. Who would have known that they’d be the cause of the demise of this expedition? He was sure that had they not entered this treasure room, the Earth Scylla would have remained in its slumber.

We’ve been too greedy.

His armor finally shattered. As though an invisible giant grabbed his entire body, balled it, and crushed it with its gigantic hands, his body burst and his innards splattered.

The Sword of Morpheus slowly floated up and twisted for a moment, as though looking at the corpses beneath its blade, before returning on top of the golden pillar.

***

Captain Symon furrowed his brows as overlapping roars echoed from a distance. The ground rumbled then stopped. A large shadow flew past, creating a gust of wind.

The royal knights who’d been diligently looking for the flower froze upon seeing the seven-headed monster.

“What… the hell,” breathed one of the knights.

Including the head, the monster was at least fifty meters long. Its entire body was covered with iridescent scales, it’s four wings similar to a dragon’s. The seven heads continued to roar, as though enraged that it had been woken from its slumber.

Upon seeing the knights near the lake, one of the heads opened its mouth wide, and without warning, spat out a colossal ball of fire.

The knights, caught off guard, were hit by the ball of fire and were reduced to crisp and dust in an instant. The ball of fire evaporated a portion of the lake, making white smoke swirl up toward the ceiling.

The creature was not only big. It held absurdly strong firepower.

Seeing what had happened to their comrades, the knights trembled in utter despair. It was apparent that this creature woke up just to annihilate them—the intruders. They couldn’t imagine how they could probably survive this monster.

Captain Symon shot the red flare. Seeing the red powder exploding in the sky, the knights shook off their fears, amplified the strength of their bodies using magic, and ran toward the giant statue.

The seven-headed creature looked at the humans running below. Another head opened its mouth and shot a ball of lightning to another group of knights. Unable to evade it on time, some of them put their shields up, but any form of resistance proved futile as the ball of lightning simply swallowed the group of knights, killing them in an instant.

The remaining knights gnashed their teeth and continued running toward their meeting point.

The knights scattered all throughout the floor made their way toward the golden statue, all the while the monster kept releasing spells, killing the knights one after another.

The moment Captain Symon arrived at the foot of the statue, a sparrow made of earth magic flew toward him and landed on the palm of his hand.

He read the words written on the body of the sparrow.

We’re probably already dead by the time you read this. The Sword of Morpheus. The trap inside the treasure room in the statue was activated. Symon, take your men and leave this floor immediately.

Captain Symon’s eyes shook. He unconsciously gripped the stone sparrow tight, crushing its wings. He looked at his men fleeing from a distance.

This was definitely a message from Lord Wisgarus.

With the royal court magicians dead, escaping the Forbidden Region would be exponentially harder, especially with that abhorrent monster flying around this floor.

Were they going to die here, unable to achieve anything?

“Captain!”

The knights who’d managed to survive gathered at the foot of the statue.

“Your orders!”

The knights were pallid as they nervously looked at the monster in the sky. If that monster suddenly decided to blast this place with its spell, the entire expedition team would be wiped out.

Captain Symon stared at the seven-headed creature, then at the stone sparrow in his hand. If what Wisgarus said was correct, and a treasure room was indeed inside this statue, then staying here should be their best option.

If his hunch was right, the monster was here to protect the treasure inside the statue. It should not attack them as long as they stayed near here.

“Hold your ground,” said Captain Symon. “Do not leave this camp. We’re staying here, next to the golden statue.”

“B-But what if the monster suddenly attacks?”

“Then we’ll die,” said the captain. He clenched his fists.

It was an all-or-nothing gamble.

The knights swallowed the lumps in their throats. The monster continued hovering above, observing the humans. But for some reason, it stopped attacking after the knights reached the golden statue of Evander Alaester.

After several minutes, the monster snorted, landed on the ground, and observed the humans from a distance. The knights sighed with relief upon seeing this.

It seemed that the captain’s decision was correct.

“C-Captain, what about Lord Wisgarus and Lady Minerva?”

They hadn’t seen the two royal court magicians since they’d left to search for the flower.

Captain Symon fell silent for a moment. Eventually, he decided to tell his men the truth. “The two of them are probably dead.”

He showed them the broken sparrow and the message written on its back. “Lord Wisgarus sent me this.”

After reading the message written on the sparrow, the knights looked at the golden statue in disbelief. The treasure room inside it was one thing, but

to think that the two royal court magicians died from the traps installed inside the treasure room—it sounded preposterous.

As despair started encroaching on the members of the expedition team, a young knight stepped forward. With a voice filled with uncertainty, he said to the captain, “C-Captain, this is the flower we’re looking for, right?”

He opened his cupped hands, revealing a small flower which seemed to have been sculpted from ice. At its center was a tear-shaped azure gemstone.

Captain Symon’s eyes widened upon seeing this. The rest of the knights were speechless.

“T-This!” said Captain Symon. “Where did you find this?”

The flower in the hands of the young knight matched perfectly with the description given to them by Lady Ropianna. Without a doubt, this was the Tears of Ubroxia.

“I… I saw it growing near the giant boulder opposite the direction of the lake.” Even the young knight who found the flower couldn’t believe it was the real thing.

Captain Symon placed both of his hands on the shoulder of the young knight. With an overly excited voice, he shouted, “Well done! Well done!”

This was the first time they’d seen the captain this happy. And this was also the first time he praised someone so earnestly.

But the jubilant expression of the captain was understandable. With this flower in their hands, the lives they’d lost during this expedition would no longer be for naught. As long as they somehow managed to get past the monster and escaped to the third floor, the rest of their escape should be comparatively easier.

They carefully stored the flower inside a metallic box and gave it to the man with the highest odds of surviving their current predicament—to Captain Symon himself.

With the Tears of Ubroxia in his hands, Captain Symon started devising a plan. He knew that it’d be impossible for all of them to return home alive.

Sacrifices were inevitable.

He steeled his resolve.

They needed to bring this flower back to the capital, no matter the cost.

CHAPTER 15

Time passed by peacefully in Blackstone Town.

The school next to the library had been completed: two floors, three rooms each, capable of accommodating more than a hundred people at once.

At the same time, they’d managed to mass-produce the books Lark bought from the capital. Currently, several dozen books about Agriculture, History, Geography, and Religion filled the shelves of the local library. These books would be used by the students studying the basic curriculum of the school. There had been an announcement some time ago that those who managed to finish the course would be eligible for key positions in Blackstone Town.

Lark also finished writing another book entitled Lost Paradise.	It


was a fiction novel, unlike his first book, Principles of a Just Sovereign.


This new book recounted the story of an orphan sold to slave merchants at a very young age. It depicted the orphan’s struggles, his escape, and eventually, his freedom. A story of an orphan from the countryside, an orphan with great talent in sword and magic.

Lost Paradise heavily criticized slavery and corruption in governments, and it romanticized the bravery of knights, scholars, and magicians.

The readers probably wouldn’t have expected this, but the simple breathing techniques the protagonist used in this book were actually applicable in real life.

If one tried these breathing techniques, it’d be possible for them to gather mana more efficiently into their bodies. A way to expand a person’s mana pool was also included in the story, and ways of healing several diseases using rare plants were also described in great detail.

Lost Paradise was a treasure trove in disguise.

Lark excitedly awaited the day when someone eventually discovered that all of the techniques used by the protagonist in his novel were reproducible in real life. It would definitely be amusing to see.

Just like before, the book was written by someone called Evander Alaester.

“My Lord, we’ve finished spreading the compost in the Western Land,” said Gaston.

Lark had been sitting in his office for several hours now. On top of his desk was a pile of documents. Every day, he made sure to check the

progress of all of Blackstone Town’s projects, and he also looked at their current finances.

“We’ll proceed with planting the seeds tomorrow as planned.” Lark didn’t take his eyes off the document he was holding as he spoke.
