
One of them swallowed dry spit and stuttered, “L-Lark Marcus! Lark Marcus is the Commander of the Third Army!”

The General’s eyes glimmered for a moment. “Lark Marcus? Third Army?”

Another soldier, now desperate for survival, added, “The second son of Duke Drakus. King Alvis divided the reinforcements from the capital into three large armies. The Second Army is currently being led by Commander Arzen of the Boris House to retake the City of Yan. As for the First Army…

we don’t know their whereabouts!”

These were things already known by the General, but hearing it directly from the enemies’ mouth confirmed the intel of their spies.

Immediately, General Rizel put together the information he’d gathered. “So that’s why fewer than twenty thousand showed up,” he mumbled. “I see.”

The Second Army was currently in a deadlock with the Empire’s forces in Yan City. The First Army, on the other hand, was currently being hunted down by General Alvaren. The only variable remaining was this army that took over Akash in a single day.
“Lark Marcus…” The General’s voice trailed off. “Interesting. Now, tell me. How did you capture this city?”

The remaining soldiers looked at each other. They all knew that if they kept their mouths shut here, they would meet the same fate as the others.

Just looking at the dried-up corpse of the archer made them lose all will to resist the old man.

“T-The Blackstone Knights!”

“T-That’s right. Those knights. They’re not normal!”

“They… They tore through the city gates like it was made of parchment!”

Blackstone Knights.

General Rizel hadn’t heard of them before. If such a powerful force really did exist in the Kingdom, he would have heard of them long ago. Had the Kingdom been suppressing information about such a powerful force? For a moment, he wondered who was stronger. The Magic Knights or these so-called Blackstone Knights?

Looking at the trembling soldiers before him, it seemed that he would be unable to squeeze any more useful information out of them. He was getting tired of looking at those pathetic faces too. He decided to slaughter them and move on to the next group. Maybe he would encounter a higher-ranking soldier he could take as captive and torture for information once he returned to Yorkshaire City.

Without muttering another word, the General’s hand blurred and the heads of the remaining soldiers flew out. The stench of blood permeated the air as General Rizel looked at the direction of his next prey. With the white fog covering the entire forest, he could feel the presence of all living creatures inside.

Someone had just entered the forest along with several others.

“A strong one.” The General’s eyes turned predatory. “Over there.”
His body turned into smoke and moved through the sea of trees at a frightening speed. He soon reached his target. A man almost two meters tall with golden hair. Beside the man were five other soldiers which, just from a single look, were obviously common soldiers.

To General Rizel’s surprise, the man with golden hair noticed him approaching even from a distance. Still, it did not matter. General Rizel continued moving in his ethereal body with tremendous speed. Upon reaching his target, he unsheathed his sword and made the first strike.

Out of six people, only the man with golden hair was able to react. He parried the first strike with his sword then dodged the next attack by sidestepping to the left. With killing intent, he countered with his sword but cut nothing but smoke.

The exchange happened in mere seconds. By now, the rest of the soldiers realized they were under attack and pulled out their weapons.

A smoke which resembled a human continued floating in front of the group. The topmost portion of the smoke started assuming the face of an old man with a large scar across his face. Slowly, the rest of the smoke formed the old man’s body.

One of the soldiers immediately recognized his identity.

“G-General Rizel?”

The other soldiers stiffened upon hearing this. They had not expected to see one of the two commanders of the Empire. Seeing the man’s face, along with his missing arm and his ghost-like state, the rest of the soldiers did not doubt the man’s identity in the slightest. They realized how fitting the name ‘Ghost of the Empire’ was.

“So you’re General Rizel,” the man with golden hair, Anandra, said. “Perfect. To think that one of the bigshots came to us himself.”
Anandra took out a small pouch from his pocket, channeled mana into it, and threw it into the air. It flew up and went past the fog, before making a small but colorful explosion in the sky. Several seconds after, the General felt a number of presences enter the fog, each of them heading straight to him.

“Reinforcements?” General Rizel was disappointed. “How useless.”

He could hardly feel the flow of mana within the bodies of those who entered the forest just now. Although there were several dozens of them, none of them were magicians. Humans incapable of magic would never hurt his body. Even if thousands upon thousands of non-magicians came, it would be impossible for them to incapacitate him.

General Rizel studied the man before him. Judging by his quick reflexes and the way he used the sword, he was definitely a warrior—a knight, probably. The General could feel the mana oozing out of the man’s body, but for some reason, none of it flowed through his sword. It was simply enhancing his physical body, nothing more.

“Lark Marcus… I heard from our intel that he’s a brat.” The General continued the stare down. The man in front of him was definitely not the Commander of the Third Army. “Who are you?”

Instead of replying, Anandra shot toward General Rizel and released a barrage of attacks. At first, the General tried to dodge, but after realizing that the man’s sword was not clad with mana, he remained still and simply took each strike.

Anandra’s sword passed through the General’s body, like how one’s hand would temporarily cut through smoke. Despite seeing that his attacks were not doing any damage, Anandra still continued attacking with a single-minded focus.

“Pathetic,” the General said. “I was expecting a lot, but it seemed that you do not even know how to use sword aura. How disappointing.”

Despite the mockery, Anandra did not stop.
He increased the pace of his attack to the point that General Rizel’s phase-shifting into smoke was unable to catch up. Small cuts started appearing on General Rizel’s body. Upon seeing this, General Rizel immediately leapt back and started parrying the attacks.

Seeing that the General was finally taking him seriously, a small grin formed on Anandra’s lips. He channeled more mana into his body, putting it into overclock, and increased the speed of his attacks even further.

“As I thought,” said Anandra, as he incessantly released numerous strikes each second. “There’s no way you’re invincible. You’re not God, General.”

General Rizel clicked his tongue. Anandra was attacking his body within the split second he appeared from the fog every now and then. During that time, his ethereal body becomes material and he is vulnerable to attack.

Though it lasted for a fraction of a second, the man with golden hair did not miss it.

General Rizel, not wanting to risk receiving numerous blows, blended himself with the fog. He vanished from sight and only his voice remained.

Becoming the fog itself was the safest way to deal with this man before him.

“I’ve fought with numerous fighters from the Leonard School and against those who used the martial arts of the savages. You’re clearly not from them. How should I say it? Your movements… They’re skilled but crude.”

Thankfully, the man with golden hair did not know how to use sword aura. Otherwise, it would have been a difficult fight. General Rizel did not voice these thoughts out loud.

“You remind me of General Alvaren in his younger days.”

General Rizel appeared out of the fog and grabbed the head of the one of the soldiers who came with Anandra. He gripped the man’s neck and like drought, turned him into a dry, lifeless corpse in mere seconds. The other
soldiers tried attacking him, but their weapons simply passed through the old man’s body.

“M-Monster!”

“Damn it, kill him! Attack the old man!”

The small cuts on the old man’s body started to visibly heal after sucking his target dry.

“Annoying flies.” His hand blurred and four heads flew into the hair, blood spurting out of their headless bodies like fountain.

Now, only he and Anandra remained.

The General was about to wrap things up, knock Anandra

unconscious and take him back to their stronghold for interrogation when he realized that the presences that had entered the forest were finally nearby.

From the fog, nine soldiers wearing full plate armor emerged. And based on the fog, dozens more were coming this way. General Rizel remembered the words spouted by his previous targets. The reason they managed to conquer a walled city in a single day.

The Blackstone Knights.

Anandra looked relieved upon seeing his reinforcements. He ordered,

“That man is the enemy General! Kill him!”

The knights grunted then let out a ferocious roar akin to those of a beast and started uprooting the trees next to them. General Rizel’s eyes widened in an instant. He stared dumbfounded at the display of brute force before him.

Right now, nine armored knights were trying to uproot the trees around them. It was gradual, but the trees were clearly moving up from the ground with each second. The ground rumbled.
What were they trying to do?

And as though answering that question, the first knight to have uprooted a tree swung it toward the General. The force was so great that the knight’s feet creaked and dented, and his chest hugging the trunk slightly caved in.

The tree struck the ground, creating a cloud of dust upon impact.

General Rizel easily moved to the side and evaded the attack.

Useless. All they were doing was send clouds of dust flying about.

The knight seemed enraged that the General evaded his strike. He lifted the tree up slowly, then swung it again, this time toward the side, sweeping toward the direction of the General.

General Rizel vanished and reappeared several steps away from the point of impact. And the moment he did, another tree shot toward him. It seemed that a few other knights had also managed to uproot trees on their own, without caring about damaging their bodies or armor.

Annoyed at their stupid tactic, General Rizel turned into smoke and

shot toward one of the Knights. He reappeared before it and grabbed its head.

He started sucking its body dry—he tried. But for some reason, his magic did not work on the damn bastards.

Without waiting for the General to assess the reason why his magic did not work, the knight slammed the tree he was holding toward General Rizel. This time, the General—still wondering why his magic did not work—

was caught off guard and missed the timing of his phase shift. The tree struck his body for a mere fraction of a second before it fully transformed into smoke, but it was enough to send the General flying and rolling on the ground several times.
Anandra did not miss this chance. Before the General could even stand up, he shot toward him in an instant. He aimed for the neck, but General Rizel instinctively parried the attack, before turning into smoke and fog.

By this time, more enemy knights started to arrive.

The battlefield had become a lot more dangerous for him.

Seeing this, General Rizel did not hesitate to retreat. It was one against many. And to make things worse, his magic did not work against the knights clad in plate armor.

Without muttering a single word, General Rizel blended perfectly with the fog and shot toward the place where his five knights were. As expected of the men he’d handpicked, none of them were gravely wounded.

It was also apparent based on the bloodstains on their armors that they’d massacred all the enemies they’d encountered.

“We’re leaving,” he said. Only half his face was visible, while the rest of his body swayed back and forth as smoke.

The five knights stared at him in bewilderment upon seeing their General’s face.

“General… What happened?”

A cut was visible on the General’s forehead. It was not deep, but it was there. They’d served the Ghost of the Empire for several years, and they could count on one hand the number of times someone actually managed to

inflict injury on him.

“A simple blunder on my part.” The General’s body fully manifested itself from the fog. “We’ve gathered enough information here. We’re going back.”

Although the knights were still curious about who managed to injure the monster of the old era, they decided to shut their mouths for now. They
located their horses and untethered them from the trees. With the fog still shrouding the area, they left quietly for Yorkshaire City.

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 9

Inside his room, Lark received Anandra’s report. He frowned, dismayed at the fact that he failed to immediately notice the undulations of mana from the nearby forest during the fight. He would have noticed it under normal circumstances, but his talk with the leader of the supply team regarding the fall of the Magic Empire made him too preoccupied with his thoughts. By the time he arrived at the scene, General Rizel and his men had already fled the area.

“It was a blunder on my part, My Lord.” Anandra bowed his head low. “The enemy General was right before me, but I let him escape right under my nose. I will accept my due punishment.”

Lark tossed a small vial to him and Anandra caught it. “Drink it. You look like a mess.”

Anandra stared at the vial in his hand. Clear, reddish fluid sloshed inside. It was the same middle-grade healing potion Big Mona was selling in Lion City at an exorbitant price. Without knowing the item’s worth, Anandra gulped it down. He blinked several times after noticing that his body felt lighter somewhat.

“Siphon magic.” Lark read the documents in his hands, not bothering to look up as he talked. “Probably that old man’s fog. It’s negligible, but that fog is certainly capable of sucking away a person’s life force.”

Lark surmised that this was probably the same reason why his surveillance bird instantly dropped dead and cut all communication after touching the fog. Such magic was way too dangerous, but it showed how proficient the General was. If left unchecked, the fog would have killed even his allies in a matter of weeks.

“Gather all the soldiers who went to battle with you. Those who touched the fog, in particular.” Lark finally stopped flipping through the documents. He
looked at Anandra. “They’ll need to be treated, otherwise they’ll fall into coma after a week or two when a significant amount of their life force has leaked out.”

Hearing this, Anandra shuddered. He realized that even though he

managed to come out of his battle with the General alive, he would probably have died several weeks after their bout. And the terrifying part was that no herb meant to cure poison would heal him, since the fog magic targeted the person’s life force itself.

What a terrifyingly insidious skill.

“I will immediately gather the soldiers,” said Anandra. He paused then added, “As for my punishment—”

“—There’s no punishment,” Lark said, a little bit annoyed at the man’s sense of responsibility. “I will personally see those soldiers later. Go.”

Anandra closed his eyes and bowed his head. “As you wish, My Lord.”

After Anandra left the room, Lark walked toward the suit of armor standing motionless next to the wall. He ordered for one of the suits of armor who participated in the battle with the Ghost of the Empire to come for inspection.

“Interesting,” Lark mumbled as he scrutinized the metallic soldier.

There were dents here and there, probably due to swinging a medium-sized tree around, but aside from that, there was no other noticeable damage.

Most importantly, this Blackstone Knight was still alive. The essence of the monster he attached to the living armor was still intact, fully anchored to the five vital points of its shell.

It was too early to come to conclusions, but in this initial encounter, it seemed that the Ghost of the Empire was unable to siphon the Blackstone Knights’ life force.
If this was indeed true, then these guys would prove crucial in defeating their enemies in the upcoming clashes.

“Good work,” he said to the Blackstone Knight.

He touched its metallic chest and channeled mana into its body.

Slowly, it reverted to its former glory. Its silver luster was back and the dents and scratches were gone.

The Blackstone Knight groaned. Its eyes flickered several times inside its helmet.

Lark chuckled. “You like it, huh?”

The Blackstone Knight nodded, almost humanlike.

Lark tapped its shoulder twice. “Go back to your post. We need to finish the moats before the end of this month.”

The Blackstone Knight grunted and opened the door with surprising precision. It went out of the room and shut the door.

A few minutes of silence fell. Lark sat on his chair and sighed, his mind filled with various thoughts. The short skirmish a while ago. The sudden loss of communication with the Baron. The revelation by the leader of the supply team last night.

Lark cast his spell and an illusion manifested before him. It was the image of Lark and the red-haired woman. They were sitting opposite each other on the couch, with refreshments on the table before them.

The woman, her eyes bright like a curious child, spoke. “You say you want to know more about the Cataclysm?”

The image of Lark nodded. “And the Descent. The two catastrophes that befell the Magic Empire. I want to hear everything you know about them.”
The woman lightly tilted her head to the side. “I don’t know why the commander is interested in something that happened a millennium ago.” She breathed deeply. “But alright.”

To Lark’s surprise, the woman did not conceal the fact that she was capable of magic. She chanted her spell and a melon-sized sphere made of water started forming in front of them, with five smaller spheres orbiting around it.

“All my knowledge about what transpired a thousand years ago came from a book, and that thing’s severely lacking, with several pages missing, so I’m not sure about the accuracy of the story,” she said. “But the records of the Grand Historian, Gustav Chavalion, corroborates some of the findings.”

She started her story.

“The Cataclysm. An event that happened over a thousand years ago.

In an age where magic was at its peak and the humans were capable of

waging war with the dragons.”

Lark reminisced after hearing this. He remembered the time when he was still living in the Magic Empire. He repeatedly declined the offer of becoming one of its Royal Court Magicians, since he did not want to be tied up to any country or state. He had been daring back then, doing everything and anything his mind decided to. He taught his disciples forbidden spells.

Raised pets other people classified as monsters. His foolish self even went as far as searching for the way to immortality. But he had no regrets. It had been a satisfying life filled with adventures, after all.

The largest orb before them slowly spun, while the five smaller ones orbited around it.

“Look closely. This is our world, and the five orbs orbiting around it are Ranys, Aetera, Ilum, Rangiris, and Yuna. The five moons that illuminated
the night back in the Magic Era,” she said. “Every ten thousand years, the planets align and this opens a direct path to the Void Realm.”

A vortex made of water magic appeared right next to the orbs and started sucking away the smaller ones. One after another, the smaller orbs burst into non-existence, until only two of them were left.

Lark remembered the first few days when he first arrived in this timeline. The twin crimson moons above. So, those two were the only ones who managed to survive.

“The planetary alignment lasted only a single day, but the opened path to the Void Realm did not close until a month later.”

Lark immediately understood the implications of this statement. He realized the grim aftereffects of this planetary alignment.

“Then… The mana,” said Lark.

The red-haired woman bobbed her head. “That’s right. For one month, during the time the path to the Void Realm was open, the mana from the dragon vein below was continuously sucked away into the Void Realm.

One month was more than enough to suck the mana in this world dry.”

Lark suppressed a sigh from leaking out. He was starting to see the reason why the mighty Magic Empire crumbled.

“Of course, given enough time, the dragon vein below would have eventually recovered. A hundred years at most and the mana in this world would have reverted to its normal state.”

“But this Descent you spoke of befell the land,” surmised Lark.

The woman sighed. “That’s right. Such a shame, isn’t it? A simple relic like the magic tower is enough to overturn the tides of war. I’m pretty sure that it’s just one of the many artifacts the Magic Empire have in their possession.”
She shook her head, as though it was the most regretful thing in the world. “But of course, the demons took advantage of the Magic Empire’s plight.”

The sphere representing the world started forming a hexagon, a representation of the demons’ magic cores.

“The demons, unlike humans, are capable of storing vast amounts of mana inside their bodies through their cores. With the ambient mana gone and the magicians incapable of casting most of their spells, the demon race launched an all-out attack against the Magic Empire.”

Lark’s pupils shook. The demons’ lifespan was far longer than humans, and some of the stronger ones could live for more than half a millennium. The Demon Lords he’d fought back in his prime would have been still alive during that time, 1100 years ago.

Lark knew that it would be impossible to kill them without using any of the forbidden spells. A magician without his magic was nothing but a farmer with a sickle.

“The records said that despite losing their magic, the Magic Empire resisted with all its might. The five Royal Court Magicians offered their lives to summon Elementals and drove the demons back.”

Lark clenched his fists. Among the Royal Court Magicians, two were his close friends. If it’s them, they would definitely have sacrificed their lives to save the Magic Empire. Lark was sure of it.

“And when the Elementals were defeated, the savages valiantly fought until the last man.”

The last part took Lark by surprise.

The savages.

The non-magicians scorned and shunned by the Magic Empire due to their inability to wield magic. He had not expected that the so-called barbarians would come to their aid and help drive the demons back. Lark had a
somewhat friendly relationship with them, and they even went as far as teaching him their combat techniques which formed the foundation of Lark’s hand-to-hand technique until this day. Hearing of the tribe’s demise squeezed his heart.

“Hey, are you alright?” The woman’s question jolted Lark out of his trance.

Lark reprimanded himself for showing his sentimental side to this woman.

“Of course,” he replied as calmly as possible.

The story of the red-haired woman continued, and as expected, the story ended with the collapse of the Magic Empire. Fortunately, the war with the Magic Empire also took a toll on the demon race; the mana stored in their cores were depleted.

After achieving their goal, the demon race retreated and hid in seclusion. Lark surmised that this was to prevent unwarranted clashes with the dragons, who, like them, were capable of storing vast amounts of mana in their core. It was only several decades after the fall of the Magic Empire, at a time when the dragon vein below had recovered a portion of its strength, that the demons started appearing again.

By this time, the magicians were again capable of casting spells and recovering their mana, but the fall of the Magic Empire and its surrounding countries struck a terrible blow to the human race. Technology, artifacts, relics, and spells were lost and never recovered.

VOLUME 4 CHAPTER 10

Five days had passed since the Third Army captured Akash City. Every day, scouts from the Empire were sent to investigate the territory, but were quickly dealt with by Anandra and his men. Every day was filled with blood and tension as small skirmishes broke out here and there. Fortunately, the enemy did not launch an all-out attack against Akash City, probably wary of the fact that the Kingdom had managed to capture the place in a mere day.
“Here. Dig deeper.” Lark was holding a stack of documents as he pointed at the ground in front of him.

The Blackstone Knights around them seemed to have understood, as they grunted then started digging where Lark pointed. The ground in front of the gate was being dug deeper than the other areas. They planned on putting spikes there later, harden the ground, then fill it with water using magic. It would be completed by a wooden bridge which could be folded and drawn back during a siege.

Since time was of great essence and they could be attacked by the Empire anytime, Lark decided to prioritize the moat in front of the gate first.

For now, trenches next to the walls should suffice. He also started installing additional ballistae on top of the walls, each of them capable of firing three spear-sized arrows in each shot.

“My Lord, we’re ready to start,” said Anandra.

Lark looked at the nearby forest, then at the documents in his hand.

He said, “do it.”

Anandra bowed his head then started disseminating Lark’s orders.

The sound of a gong was heard and smoke started rising up into the sky from the nearby forest. Flocks of birds flew out and animals’ cries reverberated.

They’d gathered enough wood over the past several days. It was now time to burn the forest. A decision Lark came up with after the incident five days ago. The forest was a good place to set up traps for the enemies, but it was a double-edged sword that could become an escape route for the Empire.

There was also the fact that the Ghost of the Empire could use the forest to his advantage with the help of his fog.

The decision to burn the nearby forest was cemented when several scouts from the Empire kept coming, and most of them chose to spy on the city
while hiding in the forest. Lark had quite the headache dealing with them, since the sea of trees limited the vision of his surveillance birds.

The workers would stare at the burning forest every now and then, but not one of them panicked since everyone had been briefed about the plan beforehand.

After checking the progress of the moats, Lark went toward the Fifth District, where the magic tower was currently being built. By now, the base had been completed; the magic formation had been engraved on a movable iron base with eight blocks of stones surrounding it.

Lark noticed that the leader of the supply team was here again, observing the process of creating the magic. Although she tried her best to remain nonchalant, her eyes gave her away. Her crimson eyes were almost gawking at the sight, as though the magic formation and the eight blocks of stone surrounding it was the most beautiful thing in the world.

Lark erased his presence and moved stealthily closer to her.

“You really like the magic tower, huh?”

She almost jumped in surprise. She turned around and saw Lark smiling at her, clearly amused at her reaction.

“Ah, Commander.” She bowed then scratched her cheeks in embarrassment. “About this… I’m currently on break that’s why—”

“—There’s no need to be stiff,” Lark laughed. “I received your report this morning. Good work.”

She had been perfectly managing their supplies so far, monitoring everything down to the last grain of wheat. Those who tried to take more than what was rationed were caught and punished.

The two of them stared at the magic tower for a while.

“Commander,” she said. “Aren’t you afraid that the enemy will use this magic tower against us? There’s no assurance that we can hold on to this
city until the end of war. Even our rations won’t last us for long at this rate.” “That’s true,” said Lark. “And we can’t expect the Kingdom to send

rations this far into the front lines. We’ve been lucky enough to pass through the numerous armies and sentries the Empire placed in the region unnoticed. I doubt the others would be able to do the same.”

“If we lose the battle, we’ll just have to take the tower down before we flee the city. Destroying the magic formation embedded on the base and the pillars should be more than enough to render that thing useless.”

Had the other elders of Wizzert City heard this statement, they would have gone crazy. Even though it was logical, even Chryselle herself would find it hard to destroy such an artifact. To the magicians of Wizzert, the magic tower was one of the most precious relics of the past era.

Seeing Chryselle’s disbelief, Lark added, “We can just make another one. There’s no use in dwelling too much on insignificant things.”

Chryselle laughed awkwardly. “I guess you’re right, Commander.”

Chryselle was about to ask Lark about the rations given to their captives when she noticed two familiar boys coming their direction. She pulled up her hood, made her salute, then bade goodbye to Lark.

As soon as she disappeared from sight, Austen and George arrived at the area. The two of them were grinning broadly, clearly eager to tell Lark the good news.

“Young Master!” Austen’s voice was filled with pride and confidence. “We did it! George managed to complete the magic formation!

And I managed to conjure my first fire ball!”

And as though corroborating Austen’s statement, George channeled mana into his surroundings and a magic circle slowly started forming underneath his feet.
Lark had expected George to take several more weeks before he could achieve this feat, considering his lack of talent in magic, but it seemed he was wrong. The magic circle took a long time to be formed, but it was perfectly stable.

It would be impractical to use in battle, since the enemy would have killed George before he even managed to complete half of the circle, but this was still a great achievement regardless. The important thing was that the

magic circle was executed perfectly. An important first step in all spells.

“Good job,” praised Lark.

Hearing this, George lost focus and the magic circle disappeared. He gasped for a moment then embarrassedly scratched his head.

“Young Master, look!” Austen clearly did not want to lose to his younger brother. “I will cast a really big fireball spell!”

Lark had a bad premonition about this.

Without waiting for Lark’s consent, a magic circle formed underneath Austen’s feet. The young man started mumbling the archaic words Lark taught them a few weeks ago. It was the chant for a simple fireball spell.

“H-Hey!”

Lark deliberated whether or not he should stop the spell. Austen was clearly an amateur in the field of magic and right now, he was pouring a colossal amount of mana into the magic formation than what a simple fireball spell actually needed.

Austen shouted, “Fireball!”

It looked lame in Lark’s eyes, but Austen was clearly mesmerized after he nailed the last part of his chant with that magic word. Austen spread his arms wide and a large ball of fire manifested itself before him. It was large enough to engulf a horse.
“Hahaha!” Austen was ecstatic upon seeing the colossal ball of fire. “George! Young Master! Look! I did it! I did i—” And the spell went haywire.

The ball of fire shot toward the sky and spun around, forming a serpentine-like vortex. Austen fell on his butt, his jaw slack as he looked at the phenomenon unfolding before his eyes.

Lark sighed.

The magic formation itself was perfect, but the amount of mana supplied was disproportionate. Coupled with the fact that the execution of the spell was done horribly, distorting some of the runes after receiving way more mana than it could handle, it was no wonder that a simple fireball spell

turned into a Fire Vortex.

“Seriously, these mana monsters.” Lark clicked his tongue.

If he left the Fire Vortex for too long, it might shoot toward the ground and kill the soldiers.

“M-Master!” Austen panicked. “W-What should I do? It didn’t look like that before. I swear it—”

“Shut up for a moment,” Lark spat. “Stupid disciple.”

A thin bolt of lightning shot from Lark’s fingertips and struck the violently spinning mass of fire. Anticlimactically, the Fire Vortex disintegrated into small orbs of fire then dissipated after a while.

“Let this serve as a lesson,” Lark reprimanded his disciples. “A hastily cast spell like that one will eventually go out of control. And even if it shoots toward the enemy, it’ll be easy to dispel it by simply hitting its core.

It’s flashy, cool-looking, yes. But it’s nothing but a giant waste of mana.
Remember that.”

Austen looked down, still traumatized by what happened. He knew that if Lark wasn’t there, he would probably have killed several innocent men. Right now, the construction of the magic tower halted. The workers and soldiers were looking at them.

“This is the reason why I insisted that the two of you master the basics first,” said Lark. “You don’t have to be quick in casting the spell. For now, focus on making sure that it’s stable and executed well. Over time, as you keep repeating the same spell over and over again, your casting speed will increase proportionately.”

“I’m… I’m sorry, Master.” Austen’s voice was barely audible.

Lark frowned but decided to let the matter slide. Hopefully, they’d learned their lesson. They were still young, and Lark knew that this wouldn’t be the last time an incident like this would happen. Thankfully, he was here to prevent the spell from striking the city.

Seeing his two disciples’ crestfallen faces, Lark decided to steer away from the topic.

“Both of you, come with me,” he said. “I’ll show you something interesting.”

The brothers looked at each other for a moment, then wordlessly followed the Young Master. Soon, they arrived at a storage house in the fourth district. The guards saluted and opened the door upon seeing the Young Master.

Upon entering the storage house, Austen and George gasped. It was more appropriate to call the place a weapons factory. Numerous workers were assembling ballistae, catapults, large balloons, severing disks, and other weapons the brothers were unfamiliar with.

George approached the iron balls placed neatly inside wooden crates.
Each of the iron balls had peculiar symbols engraved on them, which somehow reminded the brothers of the magic towers in Lion City.

“If you channel mana into it, it’ll blow this place up,” Lark said nonchalantly.

George leapt back in terror, his face immediately drained of all color.

He had not expected it to be so dangerous.

“Is it okay... to leave it in the open like this?” George was worried that someone would accidently trigger the iron ball into blowing the entire place up.

“I’m kidding!” Lark chuckled upon seeing George’s face. “Those things are a bit resistant to magic, you see. It’d be too dangerous to use them in war, otherwise. They only blow up after receiving a certain level of impact, so we’ll need to drop them from the sky or catapult them into the enemies during sieges.”

George grumpily listened to Lark, clearly displeased that the Young Master had made fun of him. Austen, on the other hand, approached the balloons. He had heard before that they could fly into the sky, but he hadn’t seen one in action.

“You’re free to inspect the weapons, but make sure not to touch anything too dangerous,” said Lark.

The brothers nodded happily.

The mana bombs were actually the most dangerous weapon in this

factory, but Lark didn’t say that out loud. There were also the severing disks too, but they hadn’t been nocked yet on the ballistae, so they were just sharp, spherical blades.

For several minutes, the brothers went from one place to another and inspected the different weapons. Lark, on the other hand, supervised the
creation of the more complex weapons, making sure everyone was meeting their designated deadlines.

Lark was speaking with one of the leaders of the weapons team when the pendant on his neck buzzed.

Lark… Marcus.

He heard a familiar voice, full of static.

Do you… hear me?

It was the Baron. Lark sighed in relief. After losing contact with the First Army for almost a week, he thought they’d perished in battle.

Lark channeled mana into the pendant and replied back. Baron, what happened? Where are you?

The Baron immediately replied, We lost a lot of soldiers, but we’ve managed to group up with the Marcus and Yorkshaire Army. But we’re running out of time. At this rate, we’ll be wiped out.

Lark frowned. That General Alvaren. He’s still after you?

Yes.

What a persistent bastard, Lark thought. He said, How many soldiers do you have left on your side? And the status of the Marcus and Yorkshaire Army?

There was a long pause. For a moment, Lark thought that he’d lost contact.

The Baron replied, Eleven thousand. And that’s including the remnants of the Marcus and Yorkshaire Army. The Sword Saint and the Silver War God are with us too, but they’re currently injured.

There were fewer soldiers than before, even after absorbing the remnants of the Marcus and Yorkshaire Army.
Sword Saint Alexander and Lui Marcus, his older brother. Those two were among the pillars of the Kingdom’s military. For them to be in such a state after confronting General Alvaren… That old man was definitely another monster, just like General Rizel.

Lark quickly stormed his mind for the best way out. Considering the fact that the Baron was able to send messages, then it seemed that the First Army was nearby. A week by cart at most from Akash City.

He needed to help them, otherwise eleven thousand potential reinforcements would perish. And he needed to do this while protecting Akash City at the same time.

VOLUME 4 CHAPTER 11

It had been several weeks since Lyra joined the Third Army. Although she was a spy of the Empire, no one suspected her, since she had been living in the Kingdom for more than half a decade now. She had the perfect cover even if someone were to interrogate her.

She and two other spies were drinking on the second floor of a tavern in Akash City. Although the previous owner was locked up in the dungeon, it did not stop the Kingdom’s soldiers from making the place their own. Every night, several soldiers would come here to drink, to wash their fears and uneasiness away.

“We’ve received a message.” A man dressed as a soldier slid a letter across the table. “I already briefed Greg beforehand.”

The man next to the soldier nodded his head and started emptying his mug of beer.

Lyra unfolded the parchment. Inside were codes which resembled random doodles of a child. Only she and the two others were capable of deciphering the meaning behind them.

“The rations, huh?” she said. Her mug of juice remained untouched.
“Just about time. Greg, you’ve been working with the supply team, right?”

Greg raised four fingers. “Four places. They store the supplies in four separate places.”

Greg spread out a hastily prepared map of the city on the table. Four places were marked with circles, while another one was marked with a cross.

He pointed at the cross. “I heard there’s a fifth one here, but it’s restricted—

even to us working in the supply team. I believe this place is where the rations of the Empire were stored, before the Kingdom captured this city.

This is just a hunch though, and the place might actually be another weapons factory or something.”

“A weapons factory? Then it’ll be perfect,” smiled Lyra. “The fewer places we have to burn down, the better. Rito, the status of the army?”

The man in uniform replied, “Not good. I’ve been to the weapons factory in the fourth district. They’re building those damn balloons again that

they used to defeat the Amubal Army several months ago. I also saw several peculiar weapons. At this rate, if the Empire doesn’t make a move anytime soon, it’ll be exponentially harder to bring this place down.”

“That’s why we’re here,” said Lyra, her hands clasped together, covering her mouth and chin. “To make sure the tides of war favor the Empire.”

Although Lyra had no direct access to the supplies like Greg, she currently belonged to the group tasked to cook meals for the soldiers. If she wanted to, poisoning the meal and killing several hundreds of soldiers would be an easy task. The hardest part was escaping the pursuit alive.

Their group actually considered the ‘poisoning the soldiers’ part, but decided that they could cripple the Third Army in a better way by burning the supplies, or if lucky, by destroying the weapons factory in the fourth district.
They also considered poisoning the high-ranking officials of the army, but this proved really difficult for people like them with low-ranking positions.

They could probably kill one high-ranking official or two, but that’s it. The security would skyrocket and their movements would become restricted.

“Lyra. We’ll probably die after pulling this off,” said Rito, frowning. “You have a husband and kid at home, right? In the capital.”

Lyra flinched, but immediately showed an indifferent face. “What are you trying to say? Rito, my life belongs to General Rizel. I am nothing but a dagger that will slit the throat of the Kingdom.”

“Same here.” Greg belched and slammed his mug on the table. “Rito, what the hell are you hesitating for anyway? Didn’t we come here for this? I made my resolve years ago, and I made my pact with the General with blood.”

After hearing the resolve of his two comrades, Rito closed his eyes. “Alright. Then, let’s proceed with the plan.”

The trio discussed the plan all throughout the night. In the end, they came to a consensus—to attack only one storage house instead of trying to light all of them simultaneously. According to Greg and Lyra, the storage house next to the cathedral contained the largest number of supplies. It was safe to assume that if they succeeded, they would be crippling the Kingdom

in an instant. They would be literally burning down weeks’ worth of rations overnight.

The place was heavily guarded, but with the combined strength of the three of them, it should be possible to pull it off.

The next day, they implemented the plan. Rito killed one of the guards on night duty, hid the body, and took his place. With his authority, Lyra and Greg gained access to the storage entrance. The two of them slipped in and
blended with the other workers. The feat was especially easy with Greg around, since he belonged in the supply team in the first place.

When night came, the number of guards outside remained the same, but the number of workers inside the storage house was significantly less.

There were only four guards inside the storage house, and the number of workers managing the rations could be counted on only one hand.

The defense outside was iron-tight, but the defense inside was lackadaisical.

Lyra and Greg nodded to each other. Lyra threw a very small vial onto the ground. The glass shattered and the alchemical potion inside released a potent paralyzing gas. Lyra and Greg quickly distanced themselves from the green smoke which covered the area, their mouths covered by thick cloths.

“We… We’re under attack!” despite the paralyzing effect of the gas, one of the guards managed to shout.

The gas was fleeting. It disappeared just a few seconds after it was released. Using this opening, Greg and Lyra shot toward the guards, stole their swords, and slit their throats. With the guards paralyzed, it was a one-sided slaughter. Even the workers were killed immediately afterwards.

“I’ll start from here,” said Lyra. “You take the other side.”

The two of them moved as one. Lyra and Greg took the barrels of castrel oil located next to the walls and poured them over the other rations.

They were glad that their enemies trusted the defenses outside so much that they didn’t even think of moving these barrels underground.

After using more than half of the barrels of castrel oil, Lyra and Greg

distanced themselves from the piles of rations. Lyra chanted her spell and a small orb of fire shot out of her fingertip. The moment it made contact with oil, the entire storage house burst into flames.

Or so they thought.
That was what was supposed to happen, but for some strange reason, the orb of fire died mere seconds after it appeared. Lyra, unable to understand what transpired, shot another fireball spell. And the result was the same: the fireball dissipated a few seconds after.

“W-What’s happening?” she stuttered.

Even Greg was dumbfounded, unable to mutter a single word.

Everything had been perfect. They’d managed to infiltrate the storage house, subdued and killed the guards and the workers, and spread oil all over the place. All that was left was to light up the oil and burn down the rations.

The door groaned. The soldiers outside must have realized that something was wrong as they tried to force it open from the outside.

Thankfully, the door was thick and fortified with iron. They still had time to burn the rations before the soldiers could apprehend them. Even if they died, they decided to burn the damn thing down.

“Can you cast a stronger fire spell?” Greg asked.

Lyra immediately channeled mana into her surroundings. “I’ll try.”

More than half her mana was immediately sucked dry. A ball of fire started forming before her, it’s size large enough to engulf a child whole.

“Just burn already!” she snarled.

The ball of fire shot toward the supplies, but to her horror, the ball of fire vanished before it even reached the rations. Although she was a low-ranking magician, she finally realized what transpired.

A restriction – a spell – had been put on this place. Fire spells which could potentially burn the rations were restricted by some spell of unknown origin.
It seemed that Greg hadn’t realized this yet, as he was looking at her with half-questioning, half-expectant eyes. She didn’t have the time to

explain things to him, as the door was finally burst open and soldiers came flooding in. Rito was among them, but judging by the way he was pretending to surround her and Greg, it seemed that his identity had not been revealed yet.

Rito looked at her, then at the intact supplies inside the room. The smell of castrel oil was so strong that some of the soldiers were crinkling their nose.

“I knew something was wrong when the wards I placed on this place were activated,” a woman’s voice was heard.

Lyra turned toward the source of the voice and saw the leader of the supply team. A red-haired woman with matching crimson eyes. That pair of jewels scanned the room, as though searching for anything amiss.

“The two of you,” she said, her voice soothing to the ears. A stark contrast to the tense atmosphere. “What are you doing?”

It was obvious by the oil spread all over the place, but the woman asked regardless.

“Not going to answer?” the leader of the supply team frowned. “Seize them.”

The soldiers charged toward Lyra and Greg upon hearing the order.

Lyra and Greg looked at each other. Greg clenched his fists. “It was a foolish move to try this with just us two, huh?” he said in a voice loud enough for others to hear.

Lyra understood what Greg was trying to achieve. Rito wasn’t discovered yet. There was no point in taking him to their grave. Lyra smiled wryly. She took out a small pill and swallowed it. A second after, she fell down on the ground limp like a stringless puppet. Seeing this, Greg gritted his teeth. He took out the sword he’d stolen from a guard and slit his throat.
Everything happened so suddenly that the soldiers surrounding them halted in their tracks. They had not expected them to take their lives the moment they were discovered, without hesitation at all.

Chryselle went toward the corpses. She checked the woman’s pulse, just to be sure, but she was really dead. She tried healing the man with magic,

but the cut was too deep and the amount of blood loss was so massive that it proved futile.

She sighed and shook her head.

“Now, how should I explain this to the Commander?”

She had a headache just thinking about it.

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 12

The news regarding the attempted arson reached Lark. He summoned Chryselle into his office and demanded a detailed recount of what had transpired. After hearing that she’d placed a protective ward on the storage house to prevent fire from burning the supplies, Lark inspected the place himself.

There were still traces of battle here and there, and the corpses were still in place. He looked at the corpses of the innocent workers and the guards who were slaughtered, then at the perpetrators who did not hesitate to take their lives the moment they were discovered.

“There’re probably more spies from the Empire,” said Lark. “Increase the number of guards monitoring the storage houses.”

Anandra, who quietly stood next to him, bowed his head. “As you wish, My Lord.”

Lark walked toward the barrels upon barrels of rations stacked up in this place. He wordlessly cast his spell and fire appeared right before him, hovering right before the supplies. At first, the fire was only the size of a thumb, but after realizing that the wards didn’t react to such weak magic,
Lark channeled more mana into it until it grew to the size of a fist. It was then that he felt the ward activate and an invisible force started disrupting the flow of mana into the fire spell.

Lark looked at Chryselle his eyes filled with interest, then at the orb of fire which was slowly starting to be extinguished.

“Interesting,” he mumbled.

This was the first time since coming to this world, he’d encountered a complex spell like this. After scrutinizing the warding spell, he realized that it was anchored to three separate wooden barrels. Therefore, even if the enemy discovered how the spell worked, he would still have to find the anchor points and destroy them before completely deactivating the defensive spell.

“But it obviously has its weakness.”

The orb of fire in front of Lark, which was close to being extinguished, suddenly grew stronger and bigger, until it became the size of

five heads combined. Seeing this, Chryselle’s eyes widened. She could not understand what just transpired.

“Wh-What happened?” she said. “That shouldn’t be… possible.”

“Who are you?” said Lark. “Although the ward you’ve placed isn’t perfect, it’s not something your average magician could cast overnight.”

Lark turned toward her and the orb of fire dissipated. He walked toward her and looked her straight in the eyes. The two locked eyes for a moment. Silence befell the area.

Eventually, Lark sighed. “Never mind. It shouldn’t matter for now.”

It was apparent that this woman meant no harm against the Third Army. At least, that was what it seemed to him right now. It would be a waste to lose someone as talented as her just because of a petty squabble regarding her identity.
When Lark seemed no longer interested in pursuing the question any further, Chryselle mustered up her courage and said, “Wait! The fire magic!

How… How did you do that?”

“Tell me what I want to know, then you’ll have my answer to that question,” Lark replied nonchalantly.

***

In a forest five days away from the Western Front, Baron Zacharia and the leaders of the First, Marcus, and Yorkshaire Armies were gathered inside a small tent. They surrounded a round wooden table, with a map spread over it. The lanterns hanging on the canopy gave off dim, moving light.

“How many soldiers did we lose this time?” the Baron asked gruffly.

“Five hundred, Commander,” replied one of the officers.

The faces of those inside the tent contorted. They’d been losing hundreds of soldiers with each passing day. They’d managed to shake off General Alvaren’s army for now, but who knew how long they could keep this up. As they went deeper into the Western Front, the number of enemies just kept on increasing, up to the point that simply finding a place to camp for the night had become extremely hard to accomplish.

“Baron, we still have the option of retreating to the capital,” one of the officers said. “Should we really continue marching toward the Western Front? At this rate, we’ll die of hunger and thirst before we’ve even reached Yorkshaire, and that’s if we’re lucky enough not to run into General Alvaren and his men.”

Everyone in the room looked at the Baron. The previously retired veteran shook his head. “I made my promise to the Commander of the Third Army. Besides, we can’t just abandon our allies. If the Third Army gets annihilated, it’ll be only a matter of time before the Empire swallows up the Kingdom. We can’t let that happen.”
The Baron looked at the two people inside the room whose authority was on par with his. Sword Saint Alexander and Lui Marcus. The two of them looked at the map silently while listening.

Lui Marcus spoke, “I agree with the Baron. We can’t retreat now that we’ve come this far. General Alvaren isn’t an idiot. He’ll surely take advantage of our retreating to chip away at our numbers. What we need to prioritize right now is the City of Yorkshaire. We have to capture it at all costs. No matter what.”

Looking at the state of Lui Marcus’ body, what the man said sounded like suicide. The War God of the Western Front suffered a terrible injury after directly confronting General Alvaren more than a month ago. Even now, the large cut on his chest had yet to fully heal even after the magicians tried healing it with magic. Dark marks encircled his eyes as he looked at everyone in the room, his lips dry.

The Sword Saint remained silent, indicating his agreement.

“The Third Army managed to capture the City of Akash.” Baron Zacharia pointed at an area on the map. “It’s only a day away from Yorkshaire. As long as we get there, we’ll be able to rally our troops and launch a siege against the Empire.”

“Easier said than done,” the Sword Saint finally spoke. “The Empire won’t just sit still and let us regroup with the army stationed in that city.”

The officers inside the tent agreed. They all knew how difficult it would be to pass through the numerous camps the Empire scattered all

throughout the region.

“In the end, it seems we have no choice but to split the army, huh?”

said one of the officers. “Disperse. That way, it’ll be difficult for the Empire to hunt all of us down.”
“A bad idea,” said Lui Marcus. “We’re already having a hard time defending against the attacks of General Alvaren. If we split our forces even further, he’ll hunt the smaller groups one by one like a demon. Worst-case scenario, General Rizel joins the fray and we’ll be trapped between two monsters, our forces split and scattered.”

The officers continued discussing stratagems throughout the night. In the end, none of them came up with a concrete plan to overcome the tight net of the Empire. They were about to settle with the idea of marching straight toward Akash City using the Serpents Road, when suddenly a soldier barged into the meeting.

“B-Baron! Commander!” the soldier said the moment he entered. “A bird! A talking bird says he wants to meet you!”

The officers looked at the soldier in bewilderment. They’d never heard of such report before, but since they knew that magic was capable of making impossible things a reality, they did not fully question the authenticity of the statement. After all, there were records of shifters capable of assuming the form of their familiars.

“A bird?” The Baron curiously looked at the soldier. “What did it say?”

The soldier, finally realizing that all of the officers were waiting for his response, stiffened. He scratched his cheeks as he tried to remember the words of the strange bird.

“He said something about…” the soldier mumbled. “What was it again? A pendant?”

“A necklace,” a voice rang outside the tent. The flaps opened and remained suspended in the air, revealing an ordinary-looking brown eagle.

“The necklace worn by the Baron.”

The Baron’s eyes widened. The voice was very much familiar.

“You…”
There was silence as the eagle entered the tent, its flapping wings sending a gust of air inside. It landed on top of the table, its head moving left and right as it scanned the room. It finally directed its gaze toward the Baron.

“Long time no see, Baron Zacharia,” said the eagle. “I assume everyone here is an officer of this army?”

The Baron collected himself. He nodded. “Yes.” He stared at the eagle for several seconds. “I didn’t know you’re a shifter.”

“I’m not,” said the eagle. “I’m merely borrowing this bird’s consciousness. My body is still at Akash City.”

“All the way from Akash City?” The Baron couldn’t hide his surprise.

“Baron, what’s happening here?” said Lui Marcus. He looked at the eagle suspiciously, as though it was a spy sent by the Empire. “Who is this…

person?”

The Baron found the question amusing, since it came from Lui Marcus himself. “Your younger brother,” he replied. Lark Marcus. There’s no doubt about it.”

The group went into uproar upon hearing this. They knew that Akash City was several days away from here. Even Master Tamers would have a hard time sending their familiars here, moreover finding the Second Army’s whereabouts inside this dark forest. There was also the fact that he was conversing with them through voice magic from such a long distance, without using the body of the eagle itself. Such a feat would require an absurd amount of control over mana.

Even the Sword Saint looked at the eagle with curiosity. Lui Marcus, on the other hand, stared at the eagle in astonishment upon finding out that it was his younger brother. The eagle and Lui Marcus locked eyes with each other for a moment. The eagle seemed to be looking at his bandaged chest. It then turned its attention toward the Sword Saint.
“Master Alexander,” the eagle bowed its head, “I’m glad to see you unharmed.”

The Sword Saint smiled wryly. “Do I look unharmed to you?” He

showed the eagle the blotches of blood on his clothes. Just like Lui Marcus, the wounds on the Sword Saint’s body had yet to fully heal.

The eagle ignored the remark. “I’ve scouted the area and it seems that an Imperial Army—composed entirely of knights—is heading this way as we speak.”

The air suddenly became heavier.

“They’ll reach this place in five hours, maybe six. I know that it’s middle of the night, but it’ll be better for you to move camp.”

“Where should we go?” the Baron asked.

The eagle took small steps on top of the map and using its right wing, pointed at a particular spot.

“Here.” Everyone looked at the place where the eagle pointed.

“Judging by the route of the pursuing army, they’ll be taking the Serpents Road. A clash is inevitable at this rate. Taking a detour will cost us an additional half a day, but we’ll be able to avoid a clash with the Empire.”

“Can we trust you?” one of the officers asked.

The eagle looked at him. “You have to.” The eagle flapped its wings.

“Wake up your men. We’re moving out.”

Some of the officers were dissatisfied on how the eagle—Lark Marcus— was ordering them around. But they remained silent as the final decision still rested on the Baron and the Commanders of the Marcus and Yorkshaire Army.
Silence befell the group for a moment.

The Baron closed his eyes and said, “You heard the man. We’re moving out.”

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 13

The eleven thousand-strong army camped in the forest bustled with life.

Tents were unpitched and folded, torches were lit, and horses were untethered. The sleeping soldiers were woken up in the middle of the night and ordered to march eastward, the opposite direction of their initial route.

Numerous speculations on why they were suddenly ordered to move out spread among the troops.

“Hey, why are we leaving the camp in the middle of the night?” said one of the soldiers.

“We encountered groups of monsters here yesterday, what if they suddenly attacked us now?”

“Idiots! It’s fairly obvious, isn’t it? General Alvaren and his men must be coming here as we speak! That’s why we’re being forced to march like this in this damnable, dark forest!”

Lui Marcus silently listened as his soldiers talked among themselves.

His mind was elsewhere. His encounter with Lark an hour ago still lingered in his mind.

The Lark he knew was nothing but a vindictive brat who knew nothing but the most basic of spells. He could not even properly cast a simple fireball spell. But now, it was revealed that he had the skills comparable to Master Tamers. This revelation cemented his previous speculations.

There were also the facts that he’d defeated the Third Legion, gave out blueprints for the mana bombs and balloons, invented the method of killing
the Black Famine, and even successfully conquered the City of Akash in just a single day.

He’s not my brother.

This was the only conclusion Lui Marcus could come up with. Other possibilities such as his little brother being a secret prodigy felt far-fetched and out of touch with reality. Lui had tested his little brother using the measuring stone a few years ago, back when they were still living in Gryphon City. There was no way to fake those results without Lui noticing it. There was no doubt that during that time, Lark did not know any powerful spells

nor had a decent mana pool.

Even if his little brother was secretly a prodigy, there was no way to overcome this hurdle in just a few years. Moreover, the spell he used to control his familiar was not something taught to him back in Gryphon City.

Lui clenched his fists. He wanted to confront the impostor and ask him what he did to his brother. Why was he assuming the form of Lark Marcus? Why did he take over his little brother’s body? For what purpose?

Lui tried shaking off the thoughts. They needed to focus on escaping from this forest for now. He could interrogate the impostor later, once they’d arrived at Akash City.

Hours passed and the army relentlessly continued marching toward the rocky hill opposite Serpents Road. Thankfully, the rear guards did not see any signs of General Alvaren and his men. Aside from the occasional, small-scale attacks from the monsters of the forest, the army did not experience any setbacks.

After arriving at the rocky hill, they camped for a couple of hours then started marching again, this time toward the west, passing through a seemingly endless grassland. Grasslands were among the worst places to conceal an army this large, but for some reason, they did not clash with any enemies along the way.
The eagle would hover down every now and then and guide the army toward a certain direction. This simple tactic worked wonders, as the army’s march proceeded at a faster pace now that uncertainty was taken out of the equation. All they needed to do was listen to the eagle and move to the direction it pointed.

After four and a half days—half a day earlier than expected—they finally saw the walled City of Akash. Next to it was a half-burned forest, its sea of trees charred black. Outside the city, numerous soldiers and workers moved about. Some of them dug around the walls, while some moved around logs, stones, and iron.

The moat in front of the gate was almost finished, and the wooden drawbridge was already complete. It was amazing that such a big project, which would normally take months to finish, had taken less than two weeks

to complete.

The workers seemed to have been briefed beforehand that an eleven thousand-strong army was going to arrive, since none of them showed signs of panic upon seeing an army so large approaching the city. On the contrary, they started cheering. The bells on the watchtowers rang and the gates fully opened, welcoming the newly arrived reinforcements.

Looking above, they could even see large ballistae with spear-sized arrows nocked on them, several weapons resembling catapults with attached severing disks, tubular irons, and some other weapons they were unfamiliar of.

Lui and the other commanders were speechless upon seeing this sight.

They knew that the Third Army had successfully conquered the City of Akash, but they did not hear about the ambitious project of turning it into an impregnable stronghold.

Their army entered the stronghold and cheers erupted even further.
Numerous soldiers from the Third Army had already been waiting for them there, some of them enthusiastically waving the flags of the Kingdom.

It felt like a hero’s welcome. The same thing given to Duke Drakus after he successfully quelled the strife in the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident fifteen years ago. After seeing the heated crowd, Lui could not help but be reminded of that time. He had been so proud of his father back then.

“Welcome to Akash City,” a calm voice was heard despite the frenzied cheering of the soldiers.

Looking at the source of the voice, Lui and the other officers of the army saw a young man with short silver hair and clear blue eyes. He bore a striking semblance to Lui Marcus during his younger years.

Lark Marcus, the Commander of the Third Army.

Lui stared at his younger brother, carefully taking note of anything that looked amiss. The probability that he was an impostor was high, but Lui did not want to rush into conclusions and compromise their odds in this war.

The officers of the army were invited to a banquet in the Lord’s Castle. It was a sumptuous feast and the officers of the army did not hold

themselves back from filling their bellies. They had been marching nonstop for several weeks, after all. The last time they’d had a decent meal was months ago.

The officers of the army expected Lark to make a speech regarding their plans for the upcoming battle. But to their surprise—and probably relief

—the young man did not bring up the topic. He merely moved around the banquet, greeting various officers of the army, sometimes even cracking jokes like introducing himself as the annoying eagle from before.

They realized that Lark intended on allotting this day for rest and relaxation. It was a big gesture for such an exhausted army.

Finally, it was Lui’s turn.
Lark walked up to him, and with a bright smile, offered him his hand.

Lui looked at the hand for a moment before shaking it. He stared at his little brother. The eyes, the face, the body. Everything was exactly as how Lui remembered them. But the movements. The posture. The air of confidence borne not from arrogance but from competence. They were different.

Lui did not have the chance to talk to his little brother back when they met in the capital several months ago, since their father was with them. And there was also his promise of not initiating contact in exchange for not exiling Lark to a faraway Kingdom.

But now, that promise did not hold value since the wellbeing of the Kingdom was at stake in this meeting. Lui told himself that he was not breaking his promise to his father. Right now, he was meeting the Commander of the Third Army.

“It’s been a while, brother,” said Lark.

Lui gripped his brother’s hand even tighter, before eventually letting go and flashing a smile. “You’ve changed a lot.”

“People grow up,” replied his little brother. “It’s been years since I left home, after all.”

Lui noticed that Lark’s body was a lot leaner than before. The body of someone who had been training physically every day for combat.

“And two years is enough time to become a Master Tamer,” said Lui.

He looked for a reaction from Lark, but was disappointed upon seeing none.

The young man remained unmoved and as calm as before.

“It’s certainly more than enough.” Nodded Lark, as though it was the most obvious thing in the world.

But Lui did not give up. He wanted to find out if this person in front of him was actually an impostor. “I heard you slayed General Urkawi. Do you
know why hardly anyone believed it even after the rumors spread?”

Lark did not reply. He simply waited for Lui to finish his statement.

“It’s because that beastman is the so-called immortal,” said Lui.

“Even the Giants of Orth couldn’t kill him. But my little brother, who did not know martial arts and hardly knew magic when he left Gryphon City, managed to kill him in a one-on-one fight.”

Lark thought that it was laughable that someone capable of opening only three out of the seven gates of mana was being called an immortal in this era. That spell was flawed in that simply cutting off the supply of ambient mana would be enough to render the spell useless.

“I must have been really lucky then, huh?” said Lark. “How’s father?” “Don’t steer away from the topic.” Lui glared. “You. Who are you?”

Several seconds of silence befell the two. They looked at each other in the eye. Lark sighed. “Look, this may sound preposterous, but I lost most of my memories after a certain incident almost a year ago,” Lark said with a straight face. “And as for my magic, I learned all of it from Master.”

Lui frowned deeply. Everything sounded like a blatant lie. The story felt too convenient, as though it had been prepared before this meeting even started.

“Master,” repeated Lui. “And your memories. You’ve lost most of them, you say?”

“That’s right,” nodded Lark. “I know it’s hard to believe, but you can confirm it with Gaston. After some bastards held me captive and beat me to a pulp several months ago, I lost most of my memories.”

Lui’s eyes widened, before becoming filled with rage. He suppressed his growl. “Beat you to a pulp? Who?”

His fists were clenched as he waited for Lark’s response. If it was one of the Dukes, he vowed to retaliate in his own ‘little way.’ Although probably an impostor, how dare they harm his little brother?

“Just some unknown bastards in the town.” Lark shrugged the topic off, as though it was insignificant. “They’re all dead now, though.”

Lark took out a gemstone the size of half a fist. “Here.” He threw the gem to Lui.

“What’s this?” Lui caught the gemstone in the air and quickly inspected it.

“A communication crystal. You must have heard from the Baron about the necklace I gave him back then. It’s the same one,” said Lark. “But that one’s a bit special. It’s made from a more expensive stone, you see, so the
range’s far higher than the one the Baron has. And it’s directly connected to the one master wears back in Blackstone Town.”

Lui stared at the gemstone for a moment. “You’re telling me… that I can contact this so-called master of yours using this?”

The story of Lark losing his memory was already absurd on its own.

Coupled with the story of having a master capable of molding an incompetent brat to a powerful magician, it became totally unbelievable.

But if the gemstone could actually contact this so-called Master of Lark, a part of Lui’s doubts could be lifted somehow. He would still not fully believe the story, but it would no longer be as preposterous as it initially seemed.

“How do I contact him?” said Lui.

“Just apply a little bit of mana to it,” said Lark. “And it should connect directly to Master.”

Lui channeled mana into the gemstone and it glowed. After several seconds, a loud and coarse voice echoed in the Hall.

“Damn, brat! Why are you only contacting me now? I repeatedly told you to message me after you arrived at the capital! Is this how you repay me for everything I’ve done for you, huh? Is this how you treat your Master?”

The voice was so loud that Lui almost dropped the stone and had the

urge to cover both his ears. He looked at the gemstone bewilderedly, at Lark, then back. Little did he know that Lark was the one manipulating the voice through a matching, but smaller gemstone in his pocket.

The other people inside the Grand Hall stopped and stared in their direction.

“Where are you now? You’re not dead, are you? Hey, answer me right now! Damn it!”
The so-called Master kept spouting words one after another that Lui could not even muster up a reply.

Lark smiled wryly at his brother. “Master can be quite grumpy at times, but he’s a gentle person. Go on, ask him your questions.”

The gemstone glowed and a voice far louder than before echoed.

“Why don’t you answer me? I swear, if you’re not dead, I’ll kill you myself once you come back here, you shitty kid!”

In less than a minute, Lui and Lark became the center of attention in the Grand Hall. Numerous people approached them and watched the situation unfold. Some were even laughing as the so-called master spouted curses one after another. Lui could not even respond as the threats came out in droves.

When Lui finally got ahold of himself and was about to utter a reply to the so-called Master, the gemstone lost its glow. The communication was cut off.

Lui frowned. “What happened?”

Lark sighed and scratched his head. “The old man probably failed to control his temper and broke his communication crystal. We must have called at the wrong time. He’s probably drunk, you see. But he’s a nice person when sober, so please understand.”

Everything transpired so smoothly that Lui almost lost his doubts. He really did believe that someone was speaking with him all the way from Blackstone Town and that person accidentally broke his communication crystal.

“So you have a Master back in Blackstone Town,” Sword Saint Alexander chimed in. “Is he the one who taught you magic and advised you

how to govern the town?”
Lark politely bowed to the Sword Saint. He saw the question as a perfect opportunity to solidify the existence of a fabricated master in Blackstone Town. “Yes, that’s right, Master Alexander.”

The Sword Saint stroked his beard. “And may I know the name of such esteemed Senior?”

Lark paused for a moment, looking conflicted whether or not to reveal the name. Eventually, he replied, “I’m afraid not. Master wishes to remain anonymous at this time. Just revealing his existence here is already crossing the line. I’m sorry, but I cannot tell you anything more about him than that.”

The Sword Saint easily accepted this reasoning. “How regrettable. I would love to meet him sometime in the future.”

The Sword Saint did not question Lark any further. Seeing the Sword Saint’s response, Lui did not pursue the matter of the so-called Master’s identity any further. He looked at Lark, engraving into his mind the image of his brother who he had not seen for a long time.

“You’ve really grown,” Lui said, eventually. “Father, he… Maybe if he talked to you back in the capital…”

Lui sighed and shook his head. “No, it doesn’t matter.”

Lui sighed again. He grabbed two nearby goblets filled with wine then handed one to Lark. “You’ll be seventeen soon, two months from now.

A fully-fledged adult. But before that, please, let’s survive this war.”

Lui raised his goblet. Lark did the same. They made a toast to their victory against the Empire.

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 14

[Behemoth City]

While the officers at Akash City were having a feast, envoys from the Dwarven Kingdom arrived at the capital. No one knew how they reached
the place undetected; they suddenly appeared out of nowhere and boldly announced their arrival to the guards.

Hearing this news, King Alvis immediately ordered the guards to grant the envoys entry into the capital. They were ushered into the royal family’s castle, with King Alvis greeting them right at the gates.

“Welcome!” King Alvis greeted the envoys with utmost respect, despite his status as the King of the country. “Although the visit’s sudden, we’ve prepared a small feast in the Grand Hall.”

King Alvis noticed the several rows of carts behind the three envoys.

He could not see how only three dwarves could move almost a dozen carts on their own. Was the rumor right? That they suddenly appeared out of thin air?

“Gulan, envoy of His Majesty, King Lerenon Blood Mithril Rugard,” the Dwarf introduced himself. “Behind me are my two personal guards.”

Gulan quickly scanned the exterior of the King’s castle. He frowned for a moment. His expression seemed to say that the castle looked decent, but was way below the standard of the Dwarven Kingdom.

“As for the feast, that will be unnecessary,” said the envoy. “We can’t leave the Capital of Rugard for too long. The century-old wines, the gold.

Let’s get straight to negotiations.”

The guards of King Alvis, along with his ministers, almost scowled upon hearing this statement. It was downright rude, condescending. The dwarves looked at the humans as though they were insignificant creatures unworthy of their time.

King Alvis was not fazed by the remark in the slightest. He smiled and nodded, “Of course. Then, this way please.”
The group were led straight toward the wine cellar in the underground chamber of the castle. Upon arrival, the leader of the dwarves frowned.

“It’s small,” he said upon entering the room. “Is this it?”

There were five shelves of wine inside the chamber, each filled with various wines dating back centuries. The leader of the dwarves grabbed one of the bottles and uncorked it, not bothering to ask permission from the King.

He drank half of it down in one go then licked his lips. He stroked his long, braided brown beard as he stared at the bottle.

“Not bad,” he mumbled, voice gruff. “But not enough for us to meddle with the affairs of mere humans. You say this is over a century old?

I’m afraid that a three-decade-old wine in Rugard tastes a bit better than this one.”

A common dwarf would be ecstatic upon tasting wine of such quality, but it seemed not to be the case for envoy.

King Alvis and the ministers exchanged knowing looks. They were afraid that at this rate, the negotiations would break down before they even started.

“Thirty-thousand gold coins,” said the King. “If the wines aren’t enough, our Kingdom is willing to pay a hefty sum of thirty thousand gold coins.”

It was a lot of money, even for King Alvis. This was especially true now that they were at war with the Empire. Parting with such an amount of money would be a terrible blow against the Kingdom, but it was still nothing compared to losing the war.

Hearing the offer, the envoy paused. He looked up and started to ponder. He mumbled, “Thirty-thousand gold coins, huh? Well, it’s true that we’re in dire need of funds, especially now that the Second Prince…”

Although the words of the envoy were muffled at the end, King Alvis was able to connect the pieces of the puzzle together. He heard from the
previous envoy that the Dwarven King was planning to abdicate the throne next year, and the Dwarven Kingdom was currently in the process of selecting the heir to succeed him.

But unlike humans, the Dwarven Kingdom’s method of selecting the heir was not so simple. The next king should be recognized by the Dragon and the Oath of the Protector should be renewed by the next generation. The

reason the Dwarven Kingdom, who did not like meddling with human affairs, answered their call was probably due to this.

“Thirty-five thousand,” the leader of the envoy raised five, stubby fingers.

His height only reaching the chest of King Alvis.

One of the ministers whispered to the King. “Your Majesty! Isn’t thirty-five thousand too much?”

Another one added, “This dwarf keeps on crossing the line! What do they think of the Ki—”

“Enough,” the King said calmly. “Thirty-five thousand is too much, even for the royal family. We are currently at war with the Empire. The upkeep of the soldiers, the weapons, rations. We’ll be needing the funds if we want to keep our borders intact. Please understand.”

“King, you don’t understand.” The envoy shook his head. “The weapons of the Dwarven Race are capable of tilting the tides of war. What you’re buying isn’t weapons, but the survival of this Kingdom itself. Hey, take that thing out.”

One of the dwarves took out a head-sized metal ball from their bag and handed it to their leader. The leader raised the black iron ball and showed it to everyone.

“This thing here can kill everyone in this room in an instant,” said the envoy.
Hearing this, the guards of the King immediately unsheathed their weapons and pointed them at the dwarves.

“These bastards! You dare threaten the King?” “Your Majesty, please stand back!”

Before the guards could surround the dwarves, the King immediately ordered them to fall back. “It’s fine. The envoys meant no harm.”

But the guards did not sheathe their weapons. They continued pointing their swords at the envoys.

The King realized what the envoys were trying to arrive at. “So… those iron balls. They’re the weapons the dwarves decided to lend our Kingdom for this war?”

The envoy nodded. “That’s right. Weapon made exclusively in the Dwarven Kingdom. We’ve brought a thousand iron shells with us, and there will be a thousand more once the payment on your side’s finalized.”

The dwarf handed the iron ball back to his men. He straightened his furred cloak. “I heard of the so-called mana bombs you used against the Empire several months ago. Impressive thing, indeed. Even the higher ups of our military wanted to get their hands on one of them and study it.”

The dwarf stared straight into the King’s eyes. “May I know why the Kingdom’s not using it against the Empire? Now of all times?”

“There’s no use hiding it anyway,” the King sighed. “The main ingredient in creating the mana bombs. Our country doesn’t have enough of them to continue the production of those weapons. We can produce several dozen, but that’s the limit of the Kingdom. The amount of main ingredient is limited and we’ve gathered everything we could these past few months.”

“Main ingredient?” The dwarf cast a curious look.
“We cannot reveal what, I’m afraid,” said the King. “And even if you happen to discover all the ingredients needed to create it, it’ll be next to impossible to recreate the runes engraved in the shells without proper guidance.”

The main ingredient to the mana bombs were actually mana stones.

And only those of middle-grade and above at that. It was the same reason why Lark suddenly couldn’t find any mana stones in the capital. Everything of decent quality had already been bought by the royal family.

“Such a shame. If you were willing to divulge the information about those weapons, we could even compromise and cut the Kingdom of Lukas’

payment in half.”

The King smiled wryly. No ruler would be foolish enough to reveal the production methods of their trump card.

Even though the envoy was condescending and arrogant, at the end of the day he was still a mere envoy. But his statement that they could significantly lower the price in exchange for the blueprint meant that the

Dwarven King was behind this. He probably received orders from the higher ups to get as much information about the unknown weapon, straight from the King.

What a greedy nation.

King Alvis was sure that the Dwarven Kingdom held weapons far more powerful than the mana bombs. Their country was so powerful that, for the past century, no one dared to wage war with them—even the Empire.

“Interesting. A magic formation engraved inside iron shells. A feat difficult to achieve, even by our craftsmen.” The dwarf stroked his beard once again. “Not impossible, but difficult.”

Silence fell as the dwarf pondered. “The iron shells we’ve loaded inside the carts are similar to the so-called mana bombs by nature. At least, if what I
heard of the mana bombs is true.”

The dwarf cleared his throat. “Then, how about this? We’ll demonstrate the might of our iron shells, you demonstrate to us the might of the mana bombs. I really want to see it myself—how the humans managed to create weapons so powerful they could rival the dwarves’. And in exchange, we’ll settle for the meager sum of thirty thousand gold coins. How about it, King?”

The King and the ministers looked at each other. It would not do much harm, since it shouldn’t be possible for the dwarves to copy the production method merely watching a demonstration.

The King nodded. “The forest near the outskirts is a suitable place.” The dwarf grinned. “Lead the way.”

Escorted by almost a hundred guards, the King and the envoys went to the nearby forest. The dwarves were first to demonstrate their weapon.

The King expected them to use a catapult or something similar to propel the iron shells, but to his surprise, the leader of the envoys simply threw it in the air. The strength behind his throw was colossal, and the iron shell flew into the air as though it was fired by a ballista.

Who was this dwarf? The strength he displayed was akin to the Kingdom’s strongest knights. While the King and his ministers were having

such thoughts, they heard a loud explosion in the distance. The ground momentarily shook.

The group went toward the place where the iron shell struck. The tree it hit directly was blown to smithereens, and numerous iron needles struck the surrounding trees like a porcupine. It seemed that after the explosion, hundreds of iron needles flew out of the shell. If it were to be used in real battle, it was easy to see how effective it would be in incapacitating their enemies.
One of the curious soldiers was about to touch a needle and inspect it when the envoy shouted, “Don’t touch it, human!”

The soldier flinched and froze.

“Unless you want to die from the poison of a yellow-spotted mazama snake.”

Hearing this, the soldier turned pallid. Sweat flowed down his forehead as he slowly backed off.

“It’s poisoned?” said the King.

“Of course,” spat the dwarf, as though it was the most obvious thing in the world. “The needles are dipped overnight in yellow-spotted mazama snake’s poison. It can kill a wild boar in mere seconds. I doubt mere humans can survive such potent poison.”

The King’s eyes widened for a moment. A single iron shell was this dangerous, and the Dwarven Kingdom was willing to provide them with more than a thousand of them?

The envoy was not lying when he said that their weapons were capable of tilting the tides of war.

“King, your turn,” said the envoy. “Show us the mana bomb.”

The King nodded. “Of course.” He signaled the soldiers to prepare to launch the weapon.

First, they loaded it on a small catapult they’d brought. After receiving the go signal, they fired it into the sky. The mana bomb shot into the sky before falling down. Upon impact, a deafening boom reverberated.

The ground shook violently and the animals in the forest whined. Flocks of birds flew out of the trees. Thick, black smoke swirled up into the sky.
The leader of the dwarves quivered. Without uttering a word, he suddenly ran toward the place where the mana bomb landed. Reaching the place, he skidded to a halt. He held his breath and his eyes widened at what he saw.

There was a small crater on the ground where the bomb landed, and the trees surrounding the crater were all blown to smithereens. Furthermore, the other trees which survived the impact were on fire. From the scale of damage alone, the mana bomb far overshadowed the iron shells of the Dwarven Kingdom.

As the dwarf continued staring at the burning trees, the King and his men finally caught up and arrived at the scene. The King was still huffing, his wrinkled skin a bit paler than before, when the dwarf asked him a question.

“The mana bomb. Who created it? This weapon, its destructive force reminds me of the Dragonewts!”

The King did not reply. Instead, he also looked at the burning trees.

The crater. The smithereens. King Alvis looked at the sky. Thick black smoke continued swirling up. He remembered the young man who handed them the blueprint of this weapon.

The Commander of the Third Army. Lark Marcus.

He had been receiving regular reports from Mikael so he knew the current whereabouts and status of the army. He’d even received reports of the First Army’s arrival to Akash City, along with the remnants of the Yorkshaire and Marcus Army.

King Alvis did not know how Lark did it, but it was an ingenious feat, regardless. He could not believe that in a short period of time, Lark Marcus had been able to capture a walled city, convert it into a stronghold, and gather his remaining allies in the Western Front.

The soldiers stationed at the front lines were doing their best to protect the Kingdom.
As their King, I should double my effort, he thought.

The Second Army was currently in a deadlock with the Imperial

Army stationed in Yan City. King Alvis decided to use the weapons provided by the dwarves to finally break the stalemate.

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 15

The Second Army was camped in Louan Plains, an area previously infested with monsters.

Inside, his tent, Arzen Boris read the reports from his men. It had already been several weeks since the siege of Yan City started. They’d tried dozens of times to reclaim the city, but each of their attempts were thwarted by Commander Amubal of the Empire, the so-called Man-Eater. The demoted general who suffered a crushing defeat against the Yorkshaire Army several months ago.

“Another failure, huh?” Arzen rubbed his throbbing forehead. Black marks encircled his eyes.

They’d lost contact with the scouts they’d sent out a day ago.

“Tell Mokuva to come here,” he said to one of the soldiers.

“Yes, Commander!” the soldier saluted and went out of the tent. A few minutes later, he came back with a frail-looking man who could easily be mistaken as a girl at first glance.

“You called for me, brother?” said Mokuva.

“Commander,” corrected Arzen.

Mokuva stared at his brother for a moment, then bowed his head. “Of course. It’s Commander. My apologies, Sir.”

Arzen sighed. “It seems that I’ll be needing your skills. It’s been more than a month since we left the capital. I heard from a reliable source that that
damn Lark Marcus has already reached the Western Front with his entire army intact. And can you believe this? He managed to capture the walled City of Akash!”

Arzen gritted his teeth. He knew that he should be glad that the battle on the Western Front had been favorable for the Kingdom thus far, but knowing that all these achievements would go to that bastard once the war ended made Arzen want to rip his hair out in utter frustration.

If that brat could do it, why couldn’t he? He was the top graduate of the military academy, after all.

Arzen looked at his little brother. Unlike him, Mokuva was unfazed by the news. His face held a curious look, as though wondering how Lark Marcus managed to achieve all those things within a short period of time.

“Listen,” said Arzen. “I want you to come up with a strategy to overcome the Man-Eater’s defenses. We need to take back the City of Yan as soon as possible!”

His frail-looking brother stared at the map spread on the table for several minutes. Like playing a game of Hayangji, the popular strategy game of the Kingdom, he started placing numerous wooden pieces on different parts of the map.

“Commander, how many soldiers has the Second Army lost since the start of the war?” said Mokuva, his gaze still fixated on the map.

“Almost two thousand.” Arzen scowled. “That damnable Man-Eater refused to leave the City of Yan. We’ve been forced to siege, but that’s to be expected of a territory previously governed by the House Marcus. Forget the gates. We can’t even climb past the walls without being shot by arrows.”

“Two thousand.” Mokuva clicked his tongue. “That’s a lot. You should have called for me sooner, Commander. Over here, look. It should be possible to launch a surprise attack from here.”
Arzen looked where Mokuva was pointing. He frowned. “A surprise attack? That’s next to the Silen River, idiot. Monsters come out of the river as though they’re birthed by the water. Our soldiers will be dead before they can even nock their arrows.”

Mokuva shook his head. “You’re not wrong, but the circumstances right now are different. Several months ago, Lui Marcus ordered his army to wipe out the monsters coming out of Silen River to secure the mines around the area and to open up a path between the City of Yan and City of Metesda.

And how did he do it?”

“By exterminating the monsters in Louan Plains.” Arzen finally started grasping what his little brother was trying to say.

“That’s right,” said Mokuva. “It’s impossible to totally clear Silen River of monsters in less than a year. And the Empire knows this too. That’s probably why there are far fewer soldiers guarding this area near Silen than

the others.”

Mokuva pointed at the area in the map where the entire Second Army was currently camped. “But Commander, what happens if a ten thousand-strong army is currently camped in Louan? The source of the monsters of Silen?”

Mokuva took out a short, wooden stick and placed it across the area on the map representing Silen River. “The route of the monsters is cut off.

Right now, Silen is practically clear of monsters. And the Empire is unaware of this. We can use this chance to launch an all-out attack at the area least-guarded by our enemies.”

Arzen whistled. As expected of his brother, the same person who wrote the book: Fifty-Seven Assault Tactics. A book which was still being used in the military academy.

“Commander,” a soldier entered the tent. “We’ve received weapons from the capital. Judging by the seal, it seems to be from the royal family.”
“Weapons?” Arzen shot a quizzical look.

“Yes,” the soldier nodded. “They’ve been delivered to our camp just now.”

Arzen and Mokuva looked at each other.

Arzen donned his military coat and grabbed his sword. “Lead us there.”

The soldier saluted. “Yes, Commander!”

The brothers from House Boris were led toward a large clearing where several carts stood. A few knights from the royal family and several dozen soldiers were already there, protecting the cargo.

“Arzen, Commander of the Second Army.” Arzen politely greeted the man who seemed to be the leader of the knights. “I heard you’ve come to deliver weapons for the army?”

The leader of the knights glanced at the carts behind him, then at Arzen.

“That’s right. This is a task personally entrusted to us by His Majesty.

He told us to deliver these iron shells to the Second Army, no matter what.”

Arzen’s eyes glimmered upon hearing those words. “Iron shells?”

“Dwarven weapons purchased by the royal family,” said the knight.

“His Majesty wishes for this deadlock with the Amubal Army to end soon.

Please use these weapons to take back Yan City.”

Arzen’s eyes widened. Weapons from the dwarves were known to be incredibly potent during war. He did not know how the King managed to negotiate with them, since those arrogant bastards closed their borders centuries ago. But that did not matter now. What mattered was the weapons.

The knight opened the leather cloth covering one of the carts, revealing iron shells the size of a human head. He grabbed one of them. “I’ll demonstrate the might of these new weapons. Please watch carefully.”
With just brute force, the knight threw the iron shell into the sky. The shell shot up, then flew down at an angle, before striking the ground. A loud boom was heard. Arzen and his little brother walked to where the iron shell landed and saw a small crater on the ground, with numerous needles sticking in it.

“Those needles are poisonous,” said the knight, who’d calmly followed them. “It’s easy to imagine what would happen if we launched these things at Yan City.”

The might of the iron shell was definitely far inferior to the mana bombs, but the amount loaded in the carts could easily surpass the one thousand mark. With just these alone, it should be possible to lay waste to an Empire’s army or two.

“But brot—Commander,” Mokuva corrected himself midway. He was frowning. “What about our captured citizens in the city? If we use such dangerous weapons…”

Arzen was worried about this too. He looked at the expressionless knight.

“Regarding the captured citizens of Akash,” said the knight. “We’ve confirmed that most of them have been killed by the Amubal Army. His Majesty wouldn’t have allowed the usage of the dwarven weapons against the City of Yan, otherwise.”

The Man-Eater was infamous for killing and torturing all of his enemies regardless of gender or age. The Boris brothers could easily see him killing all of the captives just to lessen the number of mouths to feed in the city.

Either way, Amubal’s ruthlessness worked to their advantage this time. They could bombard the city with these weapons without care for friendly fire.

A chuckling sound escaped Arzen’s lips. He grinned.

“Gather the troops! Prepare to move out in an hour!” he roared.
Lark Marcus had been gathering achievements left and right in this war. Arzen did not have the slightest intention of letting the bastard hoard all the glory. With these weapons, even the Man-Eater’s army would not pose any risk to his Second Army.

Upon receiving their orders, the entire Second Army started marching toward the grassland next to Silen River. And just like Mokuva said, monsters did not come out in droves and attack the army. It seemed that camping in Louan Plains unexpectedly stoppered the source of these monsters. And this gave the army enough time to cross over.

The sentries of the Empire stationed there were startled upon seeing the sea of soldiers swarming toward the area. They’d never considered that the army of the Kingdom would choose to attack from the direction of the monster-infested river. They immediately rang the bell to alert everyone of the attack.

“T-The Kingdom! The Kingdom’s soldiers ar—”

Arrows rained down on the sentries and killed them on the spot.

Without any hesitation, the Second Army continued moving toward the city of Yan.

“This should be far enough,” said Arzen, his eyes peering at the city from the distance.

By now, their enemies had been alerted to the attack. The nearly defenseless battlements started to be filled with archers. The gates were tightly shut and were barricaded with boulders from inside.

“Load the shells,” Arzen commanded.

After the five catapults they’d brought with them had been loaded with iron shells, he roared, “Fire!”

Five iron shells shot into the sky and flew over the walls, creating a loud boom upon striking the ground. Even from a distance, Arzen could hear the
frantic shouts inside the city. The enemies were definitely caught off guard by the dwarven weapons. He could imagine dozens of soldiers falling prey to the poisonous needles.

Caught off guard, the magicians could not even erect a barrier to block the first strike. Most probably, their magicians were stationed on the opposite side of the city, at the gate where the Second Army had frequently attacked previously.

“Keep them coming,” said Arzen. “We’ll attack once we’ve killed more than half of those imperial bastards.”

Iron shells were loaded and fired one after another. Arzen had been granted hundreds of these things, and he decided not to spare firepower against the Amubal Army. Once he was done dealing with this city, he planned on heading straight to the Western Front and utterly destroying General Alvaren’s and General Rizel’s army.

He couldn’t let Lark Marcus hog all the glory, could he?

“Those fools at the walls,” he said pointing at the archers stationed on the battlements. “Kill them.”

The iron shells shot toward the battlements, destroying chunks of it with each strike, sending hundreds of iron needles to the archers stationed there. Arzen was ecstatic seeing the enemy line collapse with just a few strikes.

After firing over a hundred iron shells, Arzen ordered his men to use the battering rams to open the gates. With all the archers on the walls dead, they easily reached the gates. It took them less than half an hour to destroy the gates and push out the boulders blocking them.

Under Arzen’s command, his soldiers entered the city in droves. And after making sure that no traps were laid out for them, Arzen also entered the

city and joined the fray.
“Haha! What’s this?” Arzen laughed in glee. “Look at the mighty Empire!

Reduced to this state after firing just over a hundred of those things!

I’ve really got to hand it to those dwarves!”

When Arzen and his men entered the city, they were greeted by a half-dead Amubal Army. It seemed that the iron needles contained inside the shells were more dangerous than they’d thought. Those things were actually capable of piercing through wood and leather armor. Even a simple graze was enough to paralyze an enemy soldier, if they were lucky enough not to kick the bucket immediately.

An arrow shot toward Arzen, but it was immediately blocked by the iron shield of his personal knights. He looked toward the source and saw several soldiers hiding on the rooftops. He also noticed the enemies hiding inside the houses, ready to pounce at the Second Army at a moment’s notice.

“This is how it should be,” Arzen said grinning. “Put up a fight! It’ll be too boring, otherwise!”

Arzen unsheathed his sword. He roared, “Slaughter the dogs of the Empire!”

“As you command!” his men replied in unison.

The Second Army and the Amubal Army broke into a melee. Sword clashed against sword, and arrows rained down from the sky. The smell of blood strongly permeated the air as bodies fell to the ground one after another.

Arzen scanned the entire battlefield for any sign of the Man-Eater. Arzen frowned. “Strange.”

He couldn’t see the Man-Eater anywhere. Even Leorith, the Man-Eater’s adjutant was nowhere to be found. It did not make sense that the two strongest warriors of the Amubal Army were not joining the fight.
And after several hours, Arzen realized the reason why. After killing all the enemies—even those who surrendered—Arzen’s men found a secret passage underneath the Lord’s Castle. Upon investigation, it seemed that the secret passage led toward the South, just outside the walls.

Arzen led a small elite unit and followed the trail. To his surprise and amusement, they found the lifeless body of the Man-Eater lying on the ground. Next to him was Amubal’s adjutant, Leorith, wounded.

It seemed that the two of them were unlucky enough to be hit by the iron needles from the dwarven shells.

“Isn’t this amusing?” Arzen walked toward the half-dead Leorith and the dead Amubal. “The so-called Man-Eater died from poison! A pathetic death, isn’t it?”

Leorith hugged the dead body of his master. He glared at Arzen but did not say a single word.

“Those eyes,” Arzen said frowning, “I don’t like them.”

Arzen stabbed Leorith’s shoulder. The adjutant did not shout and simply endured the pain by gritting his teeth. He could hardly move due to the poison.

“Pathetic.” Arzen kicked the already dead body of the Man-Eater, making it roll on the ground twice before halting to a stop. “And I was looking forward to a one-on-one fight with you. To think that you’ll die a dog’s death. How disappointing.”

He kicked the dead body again. If glares could kill, Leorith would have massacred Arzen several times by now.

“How long will it take for us to reach the Western Front?” said Arzen.

“Probably three weeks at most,” replied one of his officers. “Two weeks if we’re lucky enough not to run into the garrisons of the Empire.”
The last statement was wishful thinking, everyone knew. There was simply no way for an army as large as the Second Army to go unnoticed by the Empire.

“Two to three weeks,” mumbled Arzen. “That brat might be dead by then. There’s no way he could resist those two monsters of the Empire for long.”

Arzen did not believe in the slightest that Lark Marcus could defeat the Empire. Even if the Marcus Army and the Yorkshaire Army were to help him, it’d be like sprinkling water into a dry well. Lui Marcus and the Sword

Saint had been defeated by the Empire before. And they even ended up losing more than half their soldiers in the process.

“The damn brat and his soldiers better be still alive when I get there,”

Arzen spat. “I’ll be needing those soldiers to defeat those monsters of the old era.”

Arzen looked at the lifeless body of the Man-Eater. He then turned his attention to the dying adjutant.

He had been looking forward to seeing the despair within the Man-Eater’s eyes, but that was impossible now. He could not believe that Amubal was unlucky enough to be hit by those poisonous needles. An unbefitting end for such an infamous warrior.

Arzen sighed, gripped his sword, and walked toward the adjutant.

“Such a shame,” he said.

He swung his sword and the head of the adjutant fell and rolled down the ground.

“Tell the army to clean up the entire city,” said Arzen. “Stock up on rations and gather the remaining shells sent from the capital. We’ll head toward the Western Front tomorrow morning.”

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 16
[City of Akash]

The next day, after the feast, the officers of the army gathered once again in the Grand Hall. This time, to discuss strategies for the war.

Lui Marcus sat near the front of the long table, between the Sword Saint and the Baron. Unlike the other officers of the army who looked well-rested, he’d hardly slept last night. He still had several questions regarding the identity of his brother and the so-called Master. If the Master existed at all.

He simply could not accept that a non-combatant like his brother could become so proficient in magic and the sword in such a short period of time. And that Master of Lark’s. Who was he? Why did such a person remain anonymous until now? If the student was a mere reflection of the Master, then that person was surely someone at the peak of magic and the sword.

He still had a lot of questions, which would have to wait for now, probably until the end of this war.

“After the arrival of the First, Yorkshaire, and the Marcus Army yesterday,” said Lark with a large map hanging on the wall behind him, “we now have twenty-five thousand soldiers under our command.”

“It’s still nothing compared to the sixty thousand soldiers of the Empire,” said Argus, the Lord of Yorkshaire City. “And there’s also the elite unit led by General Alvaren. The Magic Knights. They alone are enough to crush the Baron’s army.”

Baron Zacharia turned grim but did not deny his defeat regardless.

With his usual gruff voice, he said, “I agree. We’ll need to defeat that unit first, if we want to even step foot inside Yorkshaire. Each of them are capable of enhancing their bodies using mana. I’m afraid that the low-ranking knights of our Kingdom aren’t a match for them at all.”

Lark had heard that the reason the Sword Saint and Lui Marcus lost the battle was due to them. It seemed that even they weren’t able to win when
surrounded by more than a dozen Magic Knights.

General Rizel alone was already a pain to deal with, but now he

learned that there were hundreds of knights capable of body-enhancement magic under General Alvaren’s command. The Empire was really not sparing them any room to breathe by sending those two monsters of the old era.

“A defensive battle is the ideal with our difference in number,” said Lark. He raised one finger. “But with yesterday’s addition of eleven thousand soldiers, we only have a month left before we run out of rations.”

Some of the officers looked down in embarrassment after this remark.

Their rations had been burned down by General Alvaren, and they’d no choice but to rely on the City of Akash to feed their soldiers.

“I’m not blaming anyone,” said Lark. “And I’m truly glad that more reinforcements have arrived. But we should throw the idea of a defensive battle to win this battle out of the window. Even if we manage to hold out to a siege for a more than a month, we’ll only die of starvation afterwards.”

“So you’re suggesting we attack the City of Yorkshaire?” Lord Argus surmised.

“Yes,” nodded Lark. “And the garrisons of the Empire stationed in the mountains.”

Lark pinned several wooden pieces onto the map. “A total of eight garrisons are spread in the Yorkshaire Mountain Range. These also serve as communication relays and supply lines for the Empire. We should prioritize these eight areas before we even start a siege at Yorkshaire. It’ll be pointless, otherwise.”

Lord Argus stroked his beard. “The Yorkshaire Mountain Range is vast. How did you discover these eight garrisons of the Empire, if I may ask?”

“I’m pretty sure everyone still remembers the eagle I used before.”
Lark held out a crystal. Images of the sky started appearing on it. “I’ve been using more than a dozen surveillance birds to monitor the enemies all this time. I’ve combed through the entire mountain range and I’m sure that there are only eight garrisons stationed there at the moment, and that each of them is connected with one other, acting as a supply line.”

The officers gawked at the vision crystal on Lark’s hands. Everyone here knew the significance of such artifact. The number of strategies they

could employ had suddenly increased with such a thing on their side.

“Of these eight garrisons, only three of them hold significance,” said Lark. “The rest are simple relay points and would immediately collapse if those three are captured by the Kingdom.”

Lark pointed at three wooden pieces representing the three garrisons. “For this task, I’ll be needing the help of the Yorkshaire Army.”

Lord Argus looked conflicted. “I only have less than a thousand soldiers under my command now. Eight hundred and five to be exact.

Although you’ve said that only three out of those eight garrisons held significance, we would still need to attack those three at the same time for this plan to work. The other garrisons will ask for reinforcements otherwise, and the entire plan will go down the drain. Splitting my soldiers into three groups…”

“You’ll be assisted by the soldiers from the Third Army,” said Lark. “And for each unit, I’ll be lending out three Blackstone Knights.”

“You don’t understand,” Lord Argus said shaking his head, “the mountains of Yorkshaire are a death trap. A lot of people die on them each year, their bodies never found, buried by the snow. Even the Empire took decades before they found a way to overcome it. These Blackstone Knights of yours will simply hinder my soldiers.”
The middle portion of the mountain was covered in snow, the slopes were steep and the rocks were sharp. This was the reason why the Yorkshaire Army, before their defeat, was uncontested in the mountains. The Empire who were used to fighting on flat land simply weren’t a match for them at all.

Not until the Magic Knights who could use body-enhancement magic arrived and overturned the tide of the battle.

“Worry not,” Lark dismissed the worries of Argus. “My Blackstone Knights can surely keep up with your men. I can guarantee that. As for the soldiers of the Third Army, just think of them as porters. I’m sure they’ll also come handy once the fight breaks out.”

“After we’ve taken care of these garrisons on the mountains,” said the Sword Saint. “What’s next? Even if we capture those garrisons, if the Empire decides to play a defensive battle, it’ll be impossible for us to reclaim the

City of Yorkshaire in just a month’s time.”

“No, it should be possible.” Lark took the large wooden piece representing the soldiers stationed in Akash and pinned it next to Yorkshaire City. “Especially now that we’ve got an additional eleven thousand men as a helping hand. We can hasten the production of those towers, the balloons, and the bombs.”

“Three weeks,” said Lark. “We only need to hold out in this city for three weeks until we’ve completed the movable towers. Several dozen mana bombs should be enough to smoke those guys out of that city if needed. And seven towers should be enough to act as a shield for our army.”

The towers Lark had been developing were unlike the ones he built in Lion City. These towers did not need kalrane stones to function, instead they sucked in the ambient mana and used it to fuel its magic. It was far more powerful, movable, but at the same time costed more money and time to build.
Lark felt uncomfortable recreating these towers in this era, where magic was undeveloped, but he had no choice but to rely on them to tilt the tides of war. Their enemy was simply too numerous and powerful for normal methods to overcome.

Murmurs filled the Grand Hall as the officers discussed the proposed plan. Lui Marcus, who remained silent until now, spoke, “Brother, how powerful are these so-called towers? I’ve heard of the might of the magic towers of Wizzert City. And I’ve seen one of them in action. Are you saying that these towers of yours are as powerful as those?”

Lark shook his head. “No. The towers in Wizzert are mere imitations.

What we’ll be using is the real deal. Probably three to four times more powerful than the ones at Wizzert City.”

Hearing this, the entire Grand Hall broke into uproar. The claim of Lark was simply preposterous.

“L-Lies!” One of the officers could not accept Lark’s statement.

“How could it be possible to create a tower much more powerful than the ones at Wizzert? And you call their towers mere imitations!”

“Calm down, Captain Abago. Surely the Commander of the Third

Army has his reasons for his claims. Maybe his Master is the one behind the invention of these towers?”

“I agree with the captain. I don’t know the origin of that Master, but even for him, it should be impossible to create a magic tower three to four times more powerful than the ones in Wizzert!”

“Just because you’ve never seen it, it means it’s impossible.” Lark sighed. He remembered the shield towers in the Magic Empire capable of blocking the fire breath of a dragon. “Even if you have your doubts, I humbly ask that you let your soldiers cooperate with the creation of towers. Time is of essence and we need to win this war before our rations run out.”
The entire room burst into a heated discussion once again. This time, Lark did not interrupt them and let them argue with each other to their heart’s content. After some time, the buzzes, murmurs, and shouts eventually died down.

They came to the consensus that it would probably be better to do as Lark suggested. A defensive battle for three weeks was necessary for them to complete these so-called towers. And even if the towers weren’t as powerful as Lark claimed them to be, everyone in this room was certain of the potency of the mana bombs.

“So in the end, we’ll be abandoning this city and attacking with our entire army three weeks from now, huh?” said the Baron. He still remembered the defensive structures he saw on the way here and found it regrettable to leave those things behind.

“A half-assed attack will bite us in the back,” said Lark. “It’ll be all or nothing. And besides, if we—”

Lark stopped in the middle of his speech as he noticed something peculiar in the vision crystal. His surveillance birds noticed an army approaching the city through the burned forest.

“We have guests,” said Lark. He showed the vision crystal to everyone.

He willed the birds to come closer, revealing the image of hundreds of soldiers clad in plate armor. On their shoulders was an unknown crest.

“The Alvaren Army,” said Baron Zacharia. Everyone held their breath hearing this. “They tracked us all the way here?”

“Those Magic Knights belong to this army, right?” said Lark. “How many of them?”

“All of them,” Baron Zacharia spat through gritted teeth. Even the Sword Saint and Lui Marcus were stiff.
“The five hundred-strong army coming this way,” said the Baron, “all of them are Magic Knights.”

The unit that defeated the Sword Saint, the Marcus Army, and the First Army had arrived at Akash City.

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 17

After chasing after the trails of the Kingdom’s soldiers, the Alvaren Army finally arrived at Akash City. Five hundred knights clad in shining plate armor halted a good distance away from the city. Near enough to see the enemies’ movements, far enough to evade arrows.

The bells in Akash City rang, the bridge was retracted and the gates were shut. Over a hundred archers filled the battlements, their arrows nocked and pointed at the newly arrived army.

“Would you look at this,” chuckled General Alvaren. His ashen hair fluttered against the blowing wind. His hand gripped his glaive tight. “They captured and converted this city into a stronghold, huh?”

He had been to Akash City over a month ago and he was sure that it was not as fortified as this before. The moats were evidently recently-made, and those ballista-like weapons with iron disks nocked onto them were something he hadn’t seen before.

“What are your orders, General?” his adjutant asked.

General Alvaren looked at his knights; their eyes were clearly saying that they feared no one, that they would not hesitate to charge into the city with just a single command.

His guys were strong, but there was no need to purposely put themselves at a disadvantage by charging into a fortress filled with enemies several times their number. It took him decades to train his Magic Knights, after all. He did not like them to die pointless deaths.
After some thinking, he decided not to charge in recklessly. But it did not mean he would go back while leaving the damn bastards scathe-free.

“Bring out the Fortress Breaker,” said the General.

“Yes, General!”

“We’ll give the bastards a parting gift before we go back to Yorkshaire.”

Several knights dismounted and started assembling a portable weapon made of iron. It resembled a hybrid of a ballista and a cannon; the long

hollow tube at the center was as long as two carriages combined.

After several minutes, the knights finished assembling the weapon and pointed it toward the gates. General Alvaren moved his mount a bit closer to the city. He gripped a magic tool which amplified his voice and roared, “Lui Marcus! Shitty brat! Come out!”

His roar was already loud enough even without the magic tool, but combined with its amplifying effect, his voice reverberated throughout the city. The soldiers in Akash started murmuring with each other. There were rumors that the Silver War God lost to General Alvaren in the previous fight.

“If you don’t come out!” the General continued to roar. “We’ll blow your puny gates into smithereens! Come out and fight me! A duel! Let’s finish the fight we started!”

On top of the battlements, stood the officers of the army—Lark, Lui, the Sword Saint, Lord Argus, and Baron Zacharia. They looked at the hundreds of knights threatening to charge into the city at any moment.

“That damn old man.” Lui gnashed his teeth. “Master Alexander, that thing they’re pointing at our gates…”

“The Fortress Breaker, yes.” The Sword Saint was as stoic as before.

“The same thing they used to blow up the gates of Yorkshaire City.”
Lark amplified his eyesight using mana and stared curiously at the metallic weapon, particularly at its long hollow tube. It resembled a cannon but the base was that of a ballista. It was hard to see from afar, but he could make out what seemed to be engraved runes on its body.

A magic weapon. A portable one at that.

Lui hopped onto a merlon, about to jump down toward the ground.

“You’re not planning on answering his taunts, are you?” The Sword Saint frowned. “You’ve lost against him before—”

“—It was different back then,” said Lui. “I’ve been exhausted after dealing with his Magic Knights.”

The Sword Saint looked at Lui’s body. Although it was hardly discernible to a normal person’s eyes, he could see that the Silver War God was having a hard time moving. The large wound on his body hadn’t fully

healed yet even after all this time.

“Brother,” Lark looked at Lui disapprovingly, “there’s no need for you to go out there and fight him. You’ll just die a fool’s death if you go out there now, with that body.”

Lark sighed. He tossed a vial toward his brother. Lui caught it and saw the red fluid sloshing inside.

“This is?” said Lui, still staring at the vial.

“Middle-grade healing potion,” said Lark. “A specialty of Blackstone Town. Drink it.”

Lui hesitated for a moment before he eventually opened the lid and gulped down everything inside the vial. His eyes widened seconds later. An indescribable sensation gushed inside him. He could feel the large wounds that the priests were unable to heal closing on their own. Strength started coming back to his body.
Lui stared at his little brother in bewilderment. Even in the capital, it was hard to find a healing potion as potent as this one. Even the highest-grade healing potions made in the Alchemist Workshop weren’t capable of healing large wounds in a short period of time.

“And you too.” Lark also tossed a vial toward the Sword Saint.

After seeing the effect of the potion on Lui, the Sword Saint immediately gulped down the vial’s contents. The wounds on his body also closed on their own and an indescribable surge of strength started flowing within his body.

Another shout from General Alvaren was heard: “Come out! Silver War God! Or are you telling me that the Kingdom’s so-called strongest warrior is afraid to fight me one-on-one?”

Those words were followed by mocking laughter from the Magic Knights.

Lui glared at General Alvaren’s direction. He tried jumping down the walls when he felt an invisible force stopping him from moving any further.

He quickly traced the source and saw his little brother shaking his head. “Don’t,” said Lark. “If you’re worried about the gates being destroyed

by that so-called Fortress Breaker… I assure you that those gates won’t fall that easily to anything short of Grand Scale Magic.”

Lui conceded to the invisible force tugging at his armor. He went down the merlon and looked through the embrasure. The Alvaren Army started loading a blunt, long piece of iron which fitted perfectly inside the tube. Mana was poured into the runes of the portable weapon and loud buzzing sound was heard as mana was continuously sucked in by the sigils.

“All soldiers! Move out of the gates!” the Baron shouted to the soldiers below. “It’s going to be blown up!”

Hearing this, the soldiers immediately dispersed, moving far away from the gates.
“First Army!” said the Baron. “Shields up!”

The First Army, under the leadership of Baron Zacharia, formed a shield around the gates, ready to mitigate the impact from the Fortress Breaker.

Although Lark was confident that the gates he fortified himself were not going to fall that easily, he still commanded the Blackstone Knights to aid the First Army. It was better to be safe than sorry.

General Alvaren’s voice was heard again all throughout the city. “The Silver War God isn’t coming out? Bunch of cowards. Do it.”

On cue, the Fortress Breaker roared. Crimson, glowing iron which resembled lava shot toward the gates. The air around them rose several degrees as the projectile whizzed by. And upon making contact with the gates, a loud explosion occurred. The gate and the walls shook, the ground rumbled. The melted iron exploded into numerous, smaller fireballs.

The First Army braced themselves for the impact, their shields erected right before them.

But it did not come.

They bewilderedly stared at the still-intact gates. Hints of confusion evident on their faces. Even the officers of the army were stunned at the outcome. Those near Lark looked at him with quizzical eyes.

There was a loud explosion, the gates and the walls shook, but that’s

all. Even the numerous smaller fireballs spat out by the attack dispersed after several seconds, as though an invisible hand swept them away into nonexistence.

“So, that is the so-called Fortress Breaker, huh?” Lark nodded to himself. “The gates I fortified will eventually fall if it’s bombarded by half a dozen of those attacks. Impressive.”

“H-Half a dozen?” Lord Argus choked the words out. He remembered that the gates of Yorkshaire Fell after just two attacks. “But the gates…
They’re not even made of iron!”

The gates were mostly wood, their rim and center reinforced with iron. It shouldn’t have been possible for them to withstand even a single attack from the Fortress Breaker.

Lark ignored Lord Argus’ mumblings. He turned to the archers from Gahelpa Village. The archers led by Valak.

“Half your entire mana should be enough,” said Lark. “The enemies are confident that our arrows can’t reach them at this distance. It’s the perfect opportunity, don’t you think so, Valak? Those fools, underestimating their enemies.”

Valak grinned, his bushy beard gave him semblance to the dwarves.

“You heard the Young Master! Archers of Gahelpa! Half your entire mana!”

The archers started pouring mana into their bows, their arrows pointed at the Magic Knights.

“Ready the severing disks!” said Lark.

“Ready the severing disks!” one of the soldiers shouted.

The soldiers of the Third Army stationed on the walls started moving about. They pulled the strings of the ballista-like weapons even further, the severing disks aimed at the Alvaren Army.

Lord Argus was still unsure of what was happening. Arrows would not reach their enemies from this distance. How could those so-called severing disks, which were far heavier than arrows? He wanted to tell Lark that everything he was doing was futile, but he remembered the impossible feat just a while ago—the wooden gates withstanding an attack from the

Fortress Breaker. He decided to shut his mouth and watch.

“Those bows,” the Sword Saint said, clearly amused, “they’re sucking in the mana of the archers.”
Lui Marcus and the Baron had noticed this too as they stared at the bows the archers were using.

“Let me borrow your spear.” Lark took the spear of the soldier next to him. He channeled mana into it and the spear tip started vibrating. He moved into a throwing stance, and roared, “Archers! Severing disks! Fire!”

And Lark threw the spear in the direction of General Alvaren.

Following the spear, over a dozen arrows whizzed toward the Magic Knights, along with eight severing disks. The Alvaren Army was apparently caught off guard with this sudden attack as none of them even managed to erect barriers or raise their shields to block the attacks. Surely, they didn’t expect that the enemies’ arrows could reach them at this distance.

With speed incomparable to normal arrows, and with strength akin to a javelin throw, the arrows struck several Magic Knights. Some of them were shot right at the chest, their plate armors seemed nothing but parchment as the arrows pierced through it. The unluckier ones were struck right at the face, their heads exploding, sending blood and brains splattering about.

Only General Alvaren managed to defend against this unexpected attack. Although he didn’t notice the spear approaching, his body moved on instinct and parried the attack with his glaive. His several decades of experience in the battlefield screamed at him that death was approaching, and his body moved accordingly to protect him.

Although General Alvaren managed to parry the attack, his hand holding the glaive felt a bit numb after blocking the spear thrown by Lark.

“Shields up!” the General roared. “We’re under attack!”

In unison, his knights moved their shields up to block the incoming arrows. But this was clearly a mistake as the severing disks came flying toward them this time, and it cleanly cut through their shields as though they were rye bread, eventually severing the knights’ armor, bodies and all. And the severing disks did not stop at the first knight. Some of the disks swerved
as though they had a life of their own and bisected a few more knights before hitting the ground.

General Alvaren gnashed his teeth. His knights were fearless and would not hesitate to charge into the city at a moment’s notice. But that wasn’t even possible right now. Those damnable gates even withstood an attack from the Fortress Breaker. If they charged in now, they would just become moving targets for the Kingdom’s soldiers.

And how the hell did their arrows reach his army, all the way here? It did not make sense, unless all of their archers were capable of imbuing their arrows with magic!

Lark did not give them a chance to breathe. He ordered the archers from Gahelpa to empty their remaining mana and shoot another volley of arrows toward the Alvaren Army. The Third Army also started loading more severing disks, retracting the strings to their utmost limit.

“Fire!”

And another volley of arrows shot toward the Alvaren Army.

Followed by several severing disks.

Seeing this, the Magic Knights kicked their mounts and immediately dispersed, as though they’d practiced this several times before. The second volley of arrows did not take even a single life, and even the severing disks struck nothing but the ground.

But it was enough.

Lark cast his spell and a figure made of smoke manifested itself before him. The smoke floated in front of the Kingdom’s soldiers for a moment, before flying toward the Alvaren Army.

The Magic Knights immediately moved upon seeing the ghostly figure. They slashed at it, and some tried to burn or freeze it with magic, but the figure simply reemerged unscathed every single time.
“Stop,” said General Alvaren. Losing more than a dozen of his elite knights left a bad aftertaste in his mouth. “That thing’s no offensive spell.”

“Greetings, General of the Great Empire.” The humanoid smoke bowed, still floating up. “I am Lark Marcus, Commander of the Third Army

and the little brother of the man you’ve been calling a coward.”

General Alvaren’s eyes widened for a moment. He’d heard before that the Third Army’s commander was the little brother of Lui Marcus. But he’d not expected him to be a capable mage at such a young age. This humanoid smoke was clearly not your average spell. Although it held no offensive abilities, it was perfect for relaying messages to your enemies over short distances.

“General Alvaren,” replied the General. “Snotty brat, come out and stop hiding behind those walls! I guess you could substitute for your brother, since the bastard doesn’t even dare show himself before me after his defeat back then!”

The humanoid smoke formed a smile. It chuckled. “I was expecting more after hearing about your feats, but the so-called monster of the Empire’s not much, huh? A man-child, to be exact. Only fools would leave the fortress and answer your taunts, General.”

In a way, Lark thought that General Rizel was a more dangerous opponent than General Alvaren. Based on what he’d heard, General Rizel was not this easy to rile up. A stark contrast to General Alvaren.

General Alvaren quivered with rage. He roared, his voice amplified with the magic tool. “What did you say, brat? Lark Marcus! Come out! If you don’t —”

“Then what?” the smoke chuckled. “Your so-called Fortress Breaker is useless, General. If you’re really as strong as you make yourself out to be, then go ahead and charge into the city.”
The smoke tilted its head to the side. “Or maybe you’re afraid? Look at this, pot calling the kettle black.” The smoke chuckled again, ignoring the curses spouted by General Alvaren. “But maybe I’m a fool? I’m feeling a little…

magnanimous today, you see. All these preparations for war have been making me bored lately.”

The gate of Akash opened, the bridge was moved over the moat, and over a hundred soldiers clad in full plate armor moved out of the city. At their lead was a young man with short silver hair and sharp blue eyes. As soon as they were out, the bridge was retracted and the gates were shut.

The smoke broadly smiled. “So I’ve decided to accept it. The duel. A one-on-one battle.”

The young man and his army of armored knights started walking toward the Alvaren Army, then halted at a distance.

General Alvaren glared at the young man. He was sure that he was the one speaking with him through the humanoid smoke.

“So how about it, General? Will you accept?” The last lines were said playfully, clearly mocking his enemy.

The humanoid smoke slowly dissipated and vanished entirely.

General Alvaren gripped his glaive. With him at the lead, the Alvaren Army started moving toward the direction of Lark and the Blackstone Knights.

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 18

Unmasked hostility and bloodlust filled the air as the Alvaren Army glared at Lark and the Blackstone Knights. The memories of arrows and severing disks taking away the lives of their comrades were still fresh within the Magic Knights’ minds. Finally, they’d found themselves an outlet for their boiling rage.

When the two armies were only a short distance away from each other, General Alvaren roared, “Kill the foolish bastards! Charge!”
The entire Alvaren Army roared in unison. With General Alvaren at the lead, they charged fearlessly toward the Blackstone Army.

Mana gushed out of the Magic Knight’s bodies, amplifying their strengths beyond human limits. Each of them held their glaives, ready to clash against the Blackstone Knights without regards for their lives.

And the two armies collided.

The sound of iron striking iron reverberated as armored knights, swords and glaives struck against each other. Sparks flew and blood filled the air as the two opposing forces broke into a melee. The Magic Knights roared and fought like savages, their eyes fearless as they swung their glaives left and right. The Blackstone Knights also roared and hacked at all the enemies they saw using their sword.

To Lark’s surprise, the Magic Knights were able to stand their ground against over a hundred Blackstone Knights. Their magically-enhanced body, their superior numbers, coupled with decades of experience in the battlefield, made it possible for them to fight on par with Lark’s army.

“Where are you looking?” a deep, hatred-filled voice was heard.

Lark intuitively blocked the glaive of General Alvaren from above.

His hand felt numb after impact. Without giving Lark any chance to retaliate, the General sent a kick toward Lark’s abdomen. Lark evaded by leaping back, but the General’s glaive swerved and followed his movement, its blade aimed at his neck.

Lark erected a three-layered barrier made of wind magic in front of him. But to his astonishment, the wind barrier immediately formed cracks

and shattered the moment the glaive touched it. Caught off guard, Lark evaded the attack a split-second late. A small cut was made on his chest, making blood spurt out.
“You’re a lot weaker than your brother.” The General rested the glaive over his shoulder. “How disappointing.”

Lark channeled mana into his wound and forcefully closed it with magic. What’s happening?

But the wound would not close no matter what he did. An invisible force was disrupting the flow of mana in the wounded area, making it impossible for his spell to heal it.

Lark looked at the glaive the General was using. After seeing the complex runes engraved on its blade, he finally understood what was happening.

The reason why the wounds of his brother and the Sword Saint didn’t heal even after several priests cast healing spells on them. The reason why his three-layered wind barrier instantly shattered the moment it made contact with the glaive. The reason why the cut on his chest was not responding to his magic.

Lark frowned. “That glaive. Where did you get it?”

The General grinned. “A nice weapon, isn’t it? A replica of the national treasure of the Empire. The weapon once used by Uurvesk in the legends!”

It was a familiar name. A name Lark had read from the history books back in Lion City. A name he’d known back in his previous life.

“Uurvesk?” Lark said slowly, mumbling to himself.

It was the name of his disciple. The hot-blooded idiot who nearly got himself killed after waging war with the tribe of Red Dragons.

According to the Grand Historian, Gustav Chavalion, after Evander Alaester died, Uurvesk conquered the numerous clans in the Vast Wilderness and founded the Great Empire. Was General Alvaren pertaining to that child?

The kid who previously followed Evander around, insisting that they should
explore the Frost Mountains of Yleonor and visit the Elementals of Marut? Remembering about that disciple of his gave him a sense of nostalgia.

“By Uurvesk,” Lark started channeling mana into his fingertips. “Do you mean… the man who founded the Great Empire?”

An orb of lightning the size of a fist hovered at Lark’s fingertip. He pointed it toward the General and shot it. The orb crackled dangerously as it whizzed toward the General. As though swatting a fly, General Alvaren slashed the orb in half with his glaive.

The orb of lightning was cut in half and harmlessly dispersed without exploding, confirming Lark’s suspicions.

A maginus.

The glaive the General was using was a maginus. Weapons engraved with anti-magic runes capable of nullifying almost all forms of magic.

A single maginus would take months, even for Lark, to create. And there was also the astronomical cost in creating one to consider. Even though the General said it was a mere replica of the weapon once used by Lark’s disciple, it was so well-made that it was almost hard to decipher the difference from the real one.

General Alvaren gripped his glaive. Around them, the Blackstone Knights and the Magic Knights were still in a deadlock. “Amazing, isn’t it?

The founder of the Great Empire is such a fighting maniac that he made a complete set of items meant to nullify all forms of magic! It’s like saying only the Grand Emperor’s allowed to use magic in battle!”

Lark completely agreed with that statement. That child—that disciple of his —had been so obsessed with fighting that Lark ended up intervening on his behalf dozens of times to save his life. A problem child. And the master was unfortunately doting enough to let it pass.
Uurvesk. You, little shit. Even now you’re giving your master a headache, huh?

With his magic nullified by the glaive, Lark started storming his mind for a way to win the battle. The Magic Knights were unexpectedly holding well against his Blackstone Knights. He had to defeat this General on his

own, somehow.

Lark sent a telepathic message to the Baron using the pendant.

Prepare to charge out at any time. Mobilize the entire army. We have to wipe out these guys before they have a chance to go back to Yorkshaire.

A reply filled with static was heard afterwards. The soldiers… are ready to move… out at any time. We can… charge now if you give us… the signal.

Good. But not yet. Be on standby. A red flare in the sky. That’s the signal.

If tens of thousands of soldiers suddenly poured out of the city, the Alvaren Army might suddenly disengage and retreat to Yorkshaire City. Lark did not want to miss this opportunity to fight the General outside the fortress, surrounded only by his Magic Knights. Lark knew that it would be exponentially harder to kill this old man once he was inside Yorkshaire.

That’s why he decided to go out with only the Blackstone Knights. Surely, the prideful Alvaren Army wouldn’t retreat from an enemy less than half their number.

Lark took out a small vial and drank its contents. The cut on his chest closed on its own, despite the interference of anti-magic from the glaive.

General Alvaren seemed surprised by this, but this lasted only for a moment. The old man grinned broadly. “That’s some expensive potion you got there, kid. Normal ones wouldn’t be able to heal the wounds made by this partner of mine, you see.”

The General’s eyes turned predatory. “But enough with the useless talk.”
The General channeled mana into his weapon, activating the runes engraved on it, and an azure glow started enveloping the glaive. Lark felt the mana in the air vibrate then slowly disperse as seconds ticked by. Lark quickly analyzed the flow of mana and made an estimated radius of the anti-magic spell.

Twenty meters.

Now that the damnable anti-magic weapon had been activated, it

would be impossible to materialize any spell within a radius of twenty meters from the glaive. The Magic Knights definitely knew this too, since they immediately moved a certain distance away from the General the moment he activated the runes engraved on the glaive. Otherwise, their magically-enhanced bodies would lose all of their strength after coming into contact with the maginus’ area of effect.

What a troublesome opponent .

Lark took out his sword and tried channeling mana into it. The sword started to vibrate thousands of times each second, before the flow of mana was eventually disrupted and the magic stopped working. Lark tried just to be sure, but it seemed that even amplifying the strength of his body or his weapon was impossible at this point.

He also had the option of creating distance between them and bombarding the General with magic from afar. But such tactic would do nothing but sap away Lark’s mana. That so-called replica could easily cut through any form of magic as though it was rye bread.

Should I run?

Lark seriously considered this option. His magic was sealed and he could not even enhance his body with mana. The only thing he could rely on right now was his swordsmanship, which he was unsure would be enough to win against a war veteran like this old man.

I should have dug deeper into the reports. I was too conceited .
Lark had received reports indicating that General Alvaren was somehow capable of disrupting his opponent’s magic. But Lark never imagined that it was to this degree. He did not imagine his opponent’s glaive to be a replica of the weapon once used by the founder of the Great Empire.

As Lark was weighing his options, General Alvaren leapt toward him at a tremendous speed. No magic enhancements, using only pure brute strength.

The General’s figure blurred, he appeared right before Lark, and with an earth-shattering force, swung his glaive downward. Lark managed to block the attack with his sword, but the force sent him flying and rolling on the ground several times.

Before Lark could even recover, General Alvaren shot toward him and released a barrage of attacks, each swing carrying the same weight as the first one.

Thankfully, Lark never neglected training his body. He brushed close to death several times, but he still managed to fend off the General’s attacks.

Lark’s sword—unenhanced with magic—started forming chips and cracks.

Damn it.

Lark gnashed his teeth. This was the first time he’d felt this cornered ever since he took over this body. He could not use magic. His physical strength was far inferior to his opponent’s. And the wounds inflicted by his enemy were impossible to heal unless he used a middle-grade healing potion.

His only saving grace was his decades of experience in the battlefield, his intuition that kept saving him from death.

“Is that it, brat?!” snarled the General. “Your brother was a lot stronger than this! Even with his magic sealed! Where did your arrogance go? Didn’t you want to fight me one-on-one?”

Lark was starting to see why General Alvaren was recognized as one of the monsters of the old era. The damn bastard’s an Anti-Mage. A Magic Slayer.
The General’s glaive struck Lark’s sword once again and the impact eventually cut it into half. Seeing their master in danger, the Blackstone Knights ignored their opponents and charged toward General Alvaren.

The General clearly disliked what was happening, since this was supposed to be a one-on-one battle. With an annoyed glare, he channeled mana into his glaive, gnashed his teeth, and struck the nearest Blackstone Knight.

The maginus cleanly cleaved the Blackstone Knight in half. And it did not stop. Another slash bisected a Blackstone Knight, separating the torso into two. He swung the glaive once again, and the next Blackstone Knight tried to block it with its sword, but the maginus simply cut through the weapon, before cutting its armor.

In an instant, three Blackstone Knights fell down to ground, lifeless.

As expected of an anti-magic weapon, it even managed to cut through the link connecting the monster’s essence with the armor.

General Alvaren frowned. “What are these guys?”

The inside of the armor was hollow.

General Alvaren stared at the lifeless Blackstone Knights for a moment.

Was it necromancy? No, impossible. The leader of the Witches of Aravark was a necromancer, and General Alvaren was pretty sure that it was impossible to give life to inanimate objects with necromancy. The primary prerequisite was a dead, formerly-living body.

Lark used this opening to create distance between him and the General. He ran toward the direction of the Magic Knights.

As expected, the General immediately chased after Lark, not giving him the chance to leave the glaive’s anti-magic radius. But unlike before, Lark decided to fight near the Magic Knights and his Blackstone Knights.

The nullification of magic did not discriminate between allies and foe. Even the Magic Knights immediately felt their body-enhancement magic
dissipate the moment they were near their General’s glaive.

The Blackstone Knights did not miss this chance. They immediately charged toward the powerless Magic Knights and started turning the tides of war.

Seeing his precious knights, who he had trained for several years, being killed by the suits of armor, General Alvaren increased his speed and charged toward Lark like a mad man.

While creating distance between him and the General, Lark started a trial and error on which spells worked and which did not. With spell-shaping speed incomparable even to Royal Court Magicians, Lark finally found a spell undisrupted by the maginus’ area of effect.

Lark skidded to a halt. Seeing this, General Alvaren leapt toward him, gripped his glaive and swung with all his might.

A translucent sword made of unstructured magic manifested itself

before Lark. No chants, no magic formations. Lark simply willed the ever-flowing mana in his body to form the shape of a sword, a feat almost impossible to achieve given the present circumstances, unless someone had an almost god-like degree of control over mana.

And Lark did not stop with just the sword. Unstructured magic made of raw mana encased Lark’s body. With his fine control over his own magic, Lark prevented the raw mana from dissipating. It was like playing tug of war with the maginus; Lark was doing his best to prevent the mana enclosing him to disperse into nothingness.

With his body protected by raw mana, Lark blocked the General’s attack with the translucent sword. This time, his hand no longer felt numb, and he even managed to parry the attack without being sent flying by the impact.

A savage grin formed on the General’s face. Was he amused that Lark somehow managed to bypass the magic-nullifying effects of his glaive? Or was he simply excited that Lark could now put up a proper fight?
The answer didn’t matter. Lark couldn’t afford to think of such trivial things now. Without any structure or magic formation, the moment he lost concentration, the clumps of mana he formed as a sword and body armor would disappear in an instant.

“Good! That’s it!” laughed the General. “Struggle! Put up a fight!”

The General kept swinging his glaive, each of his strikes carrying enough strength to cleave a horse in two. Around them, Lark noticed that the Blackstone Knights now had the upper hand. The Magic Knights were also affected by their General’s anti-magic, and they had no choice but to face the Blackstone Knights with brute force alone. Although the Magic Knights were far superior in terms of skill and experience, the Blackstone Knights were far more durable and could tank several hits.

The two armies were in such a heated battle that Lark knew this was the perfect time to call for reinforcements. Even if General Alvaren chose to retreat here, he would simply give Lark the chance to finally cast his magic.

Lark took out a small tube, pointed it toward the sky, and popped open its lid. A loud thudding sound was heard as red dust flew into the sky

and exploded.

Several seconds later, the portcullis opened, the bridge was moved over the moat, and numerous soldiers started pouring out of the city. The ground rumbled as thousands of cavalry charged toward the Alvaren Army.

VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 19

General Alvaren’s eyes momentarily shook as thousands of soldiers moved out of the city. The ground rumbled as horses neighed and armor clanked.

The Magic Knights and the Blackstone Knights were still in a deadlock, but the living suits of armor were slowly gaining the upper hand.

The General glared at Lark. “Shitty brat.”
With an earth-shattering force, he struck Lark once again with the glaive. But to General Alvaren’s dismay, Lark’s sword didn’t shatter. The unstructured magic remained unfazed despite the maginus’ influence.

“You wouldn’t say this is unfair, right…” Lark grinned, “…old man?”

Mounted archers from the Marcus Army also joined the fray. While riding their horses, they nocked their arrows and started shooting at the Magic Knights from a distance. Although the strength of their arrows was far inferior compared to those from the Archers of Gahelpa, it was enough to momentarily distract the Magic Knights, giving the Blackstone Knights the opportunity to deliver fatal strikes. Mounted spearmen started speeding up and headed straight to where the General was located. At this rate, it was only a matter of time before the Alvaren Army was surrounded by thousands of enemy soldiers.

Lark was quickly getting used to maintaining his unstructured magic.

He boldly applied more mana into his sword and the translucent shell of mana enclosing his entire body.

“You weren’t lying when you said that glaive’s a mere replica,” said Lark. “A real maginus would have shattered this sword of mine in an instant.”

Lark’s figure disappeared then reappeared right above his target.

General Alvaren instinctively moved his glaive up and blocked the sword strike from above. Lark immediately followed with a kick to the abdomen and the General evaded by simply taking a step back.

“What?”

General Alvaren’s eyes widened upon seeing five daggers made of

unstructured magic appear next to Lark. The moment Lark landed on the ground, the five daggers shot toward the General, their speed comparable to a ballista.
The General managed to block four of them, but the last arrow he dodged swerved back and struck him in the back, making blood spurt out.

Lark did not miss this chance as he shot toward General Alvaren, his sword aimed at the General’s neck.

The General’s eyes glinted dangerously. The moment Lark appeared right in front of him, the maginus sucked in the surrounding air and momentarily stopped Lark in his tracks. It was only for a split second, but it was more than enough for the war veteran of the Empire. He grabbed Lark’s face, gripped it tight, then smashed it into the ground. Dust and rocks flew about as Lark’s face, along with half his torso, dug deep into the ground from impact. Despite the mana shell enclosing Lark mitigating most of the damage, pain still coursed through his entire body and his ears started ringing. He lost concentration and the mana shell enclosing his body shattered and his sword dissipated.

General Alvaren pointed his glaive downward and stabbed at Lark’s body, but the young man rolled to the side and avoided being skewered to death by the General.

Lark quickly scrambled to his feet and ducked, evading another attack from the General. He quickly enclosed his body with raw mana and leapt back, creating distance between the two of them. The General charged toward him, and Lark quickly created another sword made of unstructured magic.

Lark blocked the glaive of the General using the sword, then summoned two moving, whip-like spells made of unstructured mana and willed them to wrap around the General’s feet and body. Using brute force, the General quickly shattered the whips. Lark tried to stab the old man and General Alvaren leapt back to avoid the attack, but to his surprise, Lark’s sword suddenly increased in length. The General twisted his body at the last moment but Lark’s sword still struck his left shoulder.

General Alvaren did not mind the pain. He was used to these things.

He grabbed the sword, pulled it out of his shoulder, then yanked it, pulling Lark along with it. This unexpected move by the old man caught Lark by
surprise. He immediately let go of the mana sword and sidestepped, evading the glaive of General Alvaren from above by a hair’s breadth. A kick from the old man struck Lark right in the abdomen, sending him flying and rolling on the ground several times.

Lark stood up slowly. The unstructured mana enclosing his body wasn’t perfect. His body still ached all over.

General Alvaren looked around the battlefield. Hundreds of mounted spearmen from the Marcus Army would reach this place in a matter of minutes. And those damnable archers kept releasing volleys of arrows even while mounted.

“Damn it.” The General clicked his tongue. He glared at Lark.

Seconds later, he sighed. “Consider this your lucky day, brat.”

General Alvaren breathed in a gust of air and roared, “Alvaren Army!” His voice reverberated despite not amplifying it with a magic tool.

“Retreat!”

In unison, the Magic Knights disengaged in battle and moved toward General Alvaren. One of them brought the General his mount.

As expected of a war veteran, he made the decision to retreat the moment the reinforcements were close to reaching his army.

Without sparing another glance at Lark, General Alvaren slapped the reign of his mount and led the retreat of his army. The Blackstone Knights tried blocking their path of retreat, but with General Alvaren at the lead, the Alvaren Army managed to force their way through.

Lark frowned. Killing General Alvaren and his Magic Knights would be exponentially harder once they escaped to Yorkshaire City.

Now that the he was out of the range of the maginus, Lark immediately started casting Grand Scale Magic. The air around him trembled as a magic formation spanning thirty meters manifested itself underneath Lark’s feet.
The azure runes started sucking Lark’s remaining mana, leaving just enough for him to keep standing.

He knew that General Alvaren would probably not die from this spell, but the same could not be said for his Magic Knights. Even if General

Alvaren managed to escape to Yorkshaire, as long as he managed to kill a large portion of his Magic Knights, Lark would consider this his victory.

With absurd speed, runes manifested themselves one after another on the magic circle. Layer upon layer of spell overlapped, forming a complex hexagram. Lark activated his spell.

The ground around him quaked and formed cracks. Two colossal chunks of earth, which could be mistaken for hills at first glance, detached from the ground and flew up, partially covering the sky. Seeing the large shadows looming over them, General Alvaren looked up and was stunned to see the large chunks of earth floating in the sky. Even the approaching Kingdom’s soldiers halted in their tracks seeing this, their jaws slack as they stared at Lark’s magic in bewilderment.

And as though this wasn’t enough, raging flames started enveloping them. Lightning crackled in the sky and licked them, creating two hill-sized meteors.

Grand Scale Magic. Roar of Fire God Ignis.

All of the soldiers who saw this trembled—more so the retreating Alvaren Army. They did not fear the Kingdom’s soldiers, and they could fight on par with the living suits of armor. But the blazing inferno above them, how could they stop an attack strong enough to level a city to the ground?

General Alvaren knew he had to do something. Otherwise, his precious knights whom he’d trained for decades would perish here.

The old monster of the Empire poured all of his remaining mana into the glaive and moved toward the rear of the retreating army. He urged his
Magic Knights to keep moving forward; he planned on single-handedly blocking the attack.

The Roar of Fire God Ignis descended toward the mortals.

General Alvaren momentarily regretted not killing Lark Marcus. Had he known that he was capable of casting Grand Scale Magic on his own, he would have prioritized killing him before retreating to Yorkshaire. He would have never allowed him to cast even a single spell. He would never have allowed him to leave the area his glaive had effect.

“I should have killed that brat,” spat the General.

With a grim face, General Alvaren dismounted, clenched his teeth and steeled himself for the impact. He gripped his glaive with his two hands. The runes of the maginus spun violently, its runes activated to its utmost limit.

General Alvaren, with the entire might of his body, slashed at the descending meteors. A translucent blade shot toward the meteor and tore through the flames and lightning, cleaving the meteor in half. General Alvaren did not stop with the first strike. He released one translucent blade after another, alternating between the two meteors, not stopping even when he was on the verge of exhaustion.

“Damn it!” snarled the General. The ashen-haired General who’d protected the borders of the Empire for decades continued with his strikes.

He finally managed to cleave both meteors in half, but pulverizing them into nothing but harmless rocks and pebbles was proving impossible at this rate. Boulder-sized remnants continued falling through the sky, trampling the fleeing Alvaren Army, crushing his precious Magic Knights into paste in an instant, and those who were lucky enough to avoid getting hit were engulfed by its raging flames.

General Alvaren wobbled, his body finally reached its limit. He used his glaive to remain standing.
“General!”

Seeing this, several of his knights immediately came back, placed him on top of their mount and retreated. They skillfully maneuvered their mounts through the falling boulders and the now burning grassland.

Lark and the rest of the Kingdom’s army simply watched as the Alvaren Army retreated. The area where the cleaved meteor fell had turned into a blazing inferno. If they chased after them now, they would suffer great casualties.

Just like General Alvaren, Lark was also on the verge of collapsing.

One of the Blackstone Knights moved to support his master. The Blackstone Knight hunched his body, gently lifted Lark and placed him on top of his shoulder.

“Thanks,” Lark said to the living suit of armor.

The Blackstone Knight groaned, evidently pleased upon hearing his master’s words. The other Blackstone Knights grumbled, jealous of their comrade.

“Brother!” Lui arrived and hurriedly moved toward where Lark was.

