“Awesome!” George tried it on. As his fingers were too small, he ended up wearing it on his thumb.
“It looks expensive,” said Austen. “Is it really alright for us to have these?”
“I got them for free,” said Chryselle. “There’s no need for you to worry.”
Austen raised his hand and stared at the ring on his finger. It glimmered whenever touched by light. Since Chryselle said that she got them for free, then they probably weren’t that expensive. He no longer felt uneasy receiving the gift.

“I really like it!” said Austen.
“I love it!” said George.
The brothers said their thanks and started doing the weird dance once again. Lark and Chryselle locked eyes with each other and laughed.

By this time, Princess Esmeralda and Anandra had finally arrived. It seemed that unlike the brothers, the two hadn’t rushed on their way.
The princess ran to Chryselle’s embrace the moment she saw her, while Anandra simply stood next to Lark, wearing his usual, stoic face.

“Here,” Chryselle handed the princess a book. “Master, George, and Austen already received theirs. This one is for you, Esmeralda. You wanted to learn magic, right? It’s the latest edition of the book currently used in the Magic Academy. The mana exercises inside should be helpful in increasing your perception of mana.”
Princess Esmeralda gratefully accepted the book. She hugged it tight. “Thank you! I’ll be sure to read this book!”
Although the princess had decided to develop her skills with the sword, she still held deep desires to learn magic. Since Lark refused to teach her any spells, this book would be incredibly helpful to her.
“And this one’s for you.” Chryselle handed Anandra a bottle of wine. “I know you don’t drink, but the former Elder of your village— he loves alcohol, right?”
A rare smile formed on Anandra’s face. He could not wait to give this bottle of wine to Gahelpa Village’s Elder. “I’m sure the Elder will like it. Thank you. And… welcome back.”
The last part of Anandra’s statement was almost a whisper.
Lark gently wrapped the painting with a cloth then stood up. “Since Chryselle has finally returned, I’ll ask the servants to prepare a feast for us tonight.”
The brothers squeaked in delight.
“A feast!” said Austen.
“Master, may we bring our siblings along?” said George excitedly. Lark chuckled. “Of course.”
The brothers pumped their fists in celebration.
A luxurious feast was held in the mansion that day. Various officials of Blackstone Town, merchants, and the other key figures in the territory attended the banquet.
Everyone was in a festive mood, and it continued on until the next day. ***
After combing Boris County for any information regarding Lark, Nickolai became certain that the second son of Duke Drakus had indeed gone inside the Forbidden Region.
Several people, including the guards, the server at the inn, and the armor merchant, testified that they’d seen someone with short silver hair in the city that day.
“That thieving brat!”
Nickolai gnashed his teeth. He was certain of what he’d seen that day.

The seven-headed monster.
The colossal golden statue.
And the masked figure sitting on top of the monster’s head.
All evidence was pointing to Lark as the culprit responsible for the disappearance of the statue of the legendary Evander Alaester.
He’s not going to steal the treasure?
Bunch of lies!
Nickolai cursed Lark.
After making adequate preparations, Nickolai, his disciples, and almost a hundred hired mercenaries, made their way toward Blackstone Town. They had just passed through Lion City when one of his disciples finally voiced his thoughts.
“Master, is it really alright for us… to do this?” the disciple said carefully. He was one of the three disciples Lark had confronted back then. He could still vividly remember that encounter. Although he was spared by Lark, he was not certain if that noble would be as merciful next time.

“What? Are you afraid of that brat? He’s already been thrown away by his father to that town,” said Nickolai. “There’s no reason for us to fear the Marcus House.”
The disciple looked at the other two disciples who’d encountered Lark back then. Judging by their expressions, they too seemed reluctant to join the master on this mission.
“That’s not it…” The disciple shook his head. “Master, you saw it too, didn’t you? That masked figure. Even if it’s really Lark Marcus… he’s
managed to tame that seven-headed monster. We should probably tread carefully, Master.”
Nickolai snorted.
“I’m sure he stumbled upon an artifact in the treasure room in the Forbidden Region,” Nickolai said without any hint of doubt. “Do any of you really believe a human is capable of taming that monster?”

Nickolai smirked. He deemed that as long as he took the artifact from Lark, that seven-headed monster would no longer be a threat to his life. Better yet, the moment that monster submitted itself to him, he could usurp the throne and rule over the kingdom.
No, that was too short-sighted.
If he became the master of that monster, even ruling over the Empire— the entire continent—would no longer be a dream.
The Thunder Lord’s disciples thought that their master’s judgment had become clouded with greed. Even they thought that it wouldn’t be wise to confront Lark Marcus like this.
Forget the House Marcus and the seven-headed monster. Currently, people were starting to hail Lark Marcus as the kingdom’s hero. This was especially true after his victory against the Empire, after helping sever the royal family’s curse, and saving Lion City from the monster horde. It would be foolish to carelessly threaten him.

Even when they passed through Lion City, several hours ago, they frequently heard the residents talking favorably of Lark Marcus and Blackstone Town. It seemed that saving thousands of lives from that monster horde had had a great impact. Even the commander of the soldiers in Lion City saw the second son of Duke Drakus in a favorable light.

“Master,” said Videl, Nickolai’s strongest disciple.
“Speak,” said Nickolai.
“Forgive my impertinence,” said Videl. “But I believe the words of the young ones have some merit. If we carelessly attack the Lord of Blackstone Town with this army, I’m afraid the royal family will—”
“They’ll what?” interjected Nickolai. “Only Farsight is capable of fighting me on equal grounds. What can the royal family do against me, a royal court magician?”
Videl looked at the younger disciples behind him then bit his lip. It seemed that the master had been thoroughly consumed by his greed and would no longer change his mind. Videl silently prayed to the Gods for
divine intervention. He vehemently prayed that the small army would fail to reach Blackstone Town.
And the Gods answered his prayer.
Their group was close to reaching Prey River when a group of magicians suddenly appeared and blocked their path.
“It’s been a while, old man,” said a red-haired man with a crescent-shaped scar running across his eye.
Nickolai ordered all of his disciples and the mercenaries to halt in their tracks. He warily said, “What are the Master of the Tower and his magicians doing here, in the middle of wilderness?”
There were a little over two hundred magicians blocking the road. It was a third of the total number of magicians in the tower. Furthermore, three Elders from the tower were at the head of this small force.

“And what is a royal court magician doing here,” Alecto retorted, his eyes swiveled from Nickolai, to his disciples, to the mercenaries at the rear, then back, “on the road leading to Blackstone Town?”
“That’s none of your business, Alecto,” Nickolai growled. “I’ll let this one slide. Step out of the way, you damn bastard.”
Alecto was clearly amused upon hearing those words. It was a well-known fact that the Master of the Tower and the Thunder Lord once dueled to the death, several years ago. Unfortunately, the outcome was a draw. Everyone gathered here knew that the two monster magicians hated each other to the core.
“Look at this!” Alecto opened his arms wide as he laughed mockingly. “The great Thunder Lord! The kingdom’s so-called strongest magician is running away with his tail between his legs!”
“You!” A spear of lightning appeared in Nickolai’s hand. It crackled dangerously and scorched the ground it touched. “Do you really think I’m running away because I’m afraid of you! I let you live before, and now you dare think—”
“Let me live?” Alecto chuckled. “Didn’t you almost die back then?” Alecto grinned broadly. He taunted, “Hey, old man, if you don’t want to

die an excruciating death—scram.”
Nickolai finally lost it.
A hundred lightning arrows almost instantaneously appeared in the sky, and without warning, shot toward the tower’s magicians. It was a spell capable of slaughtering a small army in an instant.
One of the Elders standing behind Alecto moved and intercepted the arrows with a barrier spell. The other two, on the other hand, retaliated. Two ten-meter earth serpents shot out of the ground and slithered toward Nickolai and his men.

Videl dismounted, moved in front of his master, and summoned a spear of lightning. Without fear or hesitation, he shot toward the earth serpents. He swung his lightning spear, shattering the earth serpents with a single strike each.
Although Videl did not like pointless fights, he could not just sit still when these magicians were attacking his master. His pride as the Thunder Lord’s number one disciple wouldn’t let him let these small fries fight his master, no matter what.
Everything happened in an instant. The exchange of blows happened in mere seconds. The mercenaries watching shuddered. Maybe they shouldn’t have agreed to accompany the Thunder Lord on this mission.

Who would have known that the tower—the organization even the Empire was wary of—would appear here and block their path?

They would probably die if they were swept in the fight between these two monstrous magicians.
“Why are you doing this?” said Nickolai. His lightning spear continued to crackle dangerously in his hand.
Alecto shrugged. “I don’t know. But I’m sure of one thing, old man. Right now, I’m really itching to kill you.”
Nickolai trembled in rage, but he tried to restrain himself regardless. For some strange reason, the Elders of the tower had become a lot stronger. The way they cast their barrier and offensive spells felt a lot different than before.
Nickolai realized that they would suffer great casualties if they clashed with the tower.
Alecto glanced at the east, in the direction of Blackstone Town. Although he hated that Marcus brat, he couldn’t let Nickolai attack him. His precious little sister was currently staying in that town. He couldn’t let this madman reach that place, no matter what.
And he’d promised her too, that if by chance they got a whiff of Nickolai’s whereabouts, that he would do his best to stop the royal court magician from reaching Blackstone Town.
Alecto raised his right hand. A colossal ball of fire the size of ten carriages combined appeared in the sky. It loomed threateningly toward Nickolai.
After Chryselle had imparted to them the perfected magic circle created by Lark, the magicians of the tower had become a lot stronger. Although Alecto’s previous bout with the Thunder Lord had ended in a draw, currently, he was confident of winning against these enemies.

“Turn back. Leave this place,” said Alecto. “If you don’t want to become enemies with the tower.”

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 18

It was early in the morning.
Chryselle was at the Central Market, buying ingredients for a meal she’d decided to prepare for her master, when she heard news regarding her older brother. The merchants, vendors, and even the passersby were excitedly chattering about an event that had transpired near Blackstone Town, a day ago.
“Hey, did you hear? The magicians of the tower and the Thunder Lord clashed yesterday, near the Prey River!”
“I know! My husband was there when it happened! Lord Nickolai and the Master of the Tower fought to their deaths! You should have seen the traces of their battle!”
“Ah, your husband enlisted in the military.”
“That’s right. He’s been stationed in the nearby garrison. When they heard the magic explosions, the soldiers went to check the commotion. And you wouldn’t believe it! Hundreds of magicians from the tower fought against the mercenaries and the disciples of the Thunder Lord!”

“That must have been terrifying—”
“It was. My husband told me he was frozen in fear watching the battle.” “I’d probably abandon my post and run away. Two of the strongest

magicians of this kingdom fighting each other? Didn’t they try to kill each other before, too?”
“I’m just glad my husband came back alive after witnessing that battle. I heard that the Prey River was destroyed after their fight. Really, those monsters.”
“Even though that river had almost dried-up… what a waste.”
“I’m just glad the lord built that water system a year ago. Even without the Prey River, we no longer have to fear the drought.”
“So, who won the battle? I heard it was a draw, too, this time around.” “Stupid, do you think my husband would have returned alive if the

Thunder Lord had won that fight?”
“Ah…”
“Lord Nickolai would have killed all of the spectating soldiers. That madman. I still wonder why that lunatic is still part of the royal court magicians.”
“Shhh! Lower your voice! What if someone hears you?”
“So what? Look, the Thunder Lord lost the fight. Even the mercenaries he hired ran away after witnessing the might of the tower’s magicians. Strongest magician of the kingdom? Hah! I suppose that title is gone now!”

After eavesdropping the conversation between the two women, Chryselle momentarily stood there, frozen and bewildered by what she’d heard.
Her brother must have anticipated this happening. He’d even told her that given the chance, he would do his best to stop Nickolai from reaching Blackstone Town.
He really kept his promise.
Chryselle smiled. Although she knew that hatred toward the Thunder Lord must have played a big part in Alecto’s decision, she was still grateful for what her brother did, no matter what. Not everyone had the courage to boldly stop the so-called strongest magician of the kingdom in his tracks.

And he won.
Chryselle felt indescribable warmth surging inside of her. She felt proud that her brother had won against one of the strongest royal court magicians of the kingdom.
“Young miss, are you not going to buy anything?” said the stall vendor. Chryselle broke out of her trance. “Ah, yes. I would like two of these

please. And that over there—” she pointed at meat hanging from a hook. “Four large slabs please.”
“White boar meat?” said the stall vendor. “Alright.”
The stall vendor looked extremely pleased for some reason. He glanced at Chryselle every now and then, smiling upon looking at her face.

“Making white boar stew, young miss?” The vendor skillfully cut the meat and placed it inside a bag made of weaved leaves.
“Hopefully… yes,” Chryselle said in a soft voice.
The vendor smiled and chuckled. “Hopefully? Sounds like it’s for your beau, eh? Or is it for your husband? Lucky man.”
Chryselle’s face flushed. She shook her head. “N-No. It’s not like that

—”
“Of course, of course,” the vendor said mischievously. “Here you go, young miss. I added a small pouch of umami salt in there.”

“Umami salt? It’s really expensive, sir. At least let me pay for—” “No, no. It’s fine. The pouch is almost empty. Only a pinch or two is

inside, but it should be enough for a stew. Take it.”
Chryselle took the bag filled with meat, vegetables, and spices. She lightly bowed her head, her crimson hair covering a portion of her face. “Thank you, sir. I’ll be sure to come to this stall again.”

The vendor grinned at the merchants in the other stalls. His eyes saying: ‘Hear that? The pretty miss is my regular now! Blame your rotten luck, bastards!’
A chuckle escaped the vendor’s lips. He said in a voice loud enough for everyone to hear, “Of course, please come again! Just add the umami salt and I’m sure your lover will like it!”
Chryselle didn’t utter a reply to that statement. She left the market, her ears flushed red from embarrassment.
***
After buying ingredients at the Central Market, Chryselle went to her home in the Eastern District. After receiving a hefty sum of ‘pocket money’ from the Master of the Tower, she bought one of the newly built residences. A simple, one-story stone house.
The moment Chryselle reached her house, she noticed a familiar woman, half her face shrouded by her hood, standing in front of the door.

“Esmeralda?” said Chryselle. She hadn’t expected to meet her here, this early in the morning.
The princess looked in the direction of the voice. Upon seeing Chryselle, she beamed. “So that’s why no one is answering!”

The princess ran to Chryselle and locked her left arm with hers. “I heard you bought a house. I came to visit!” She showed her a small bag filled with sweets. “It’s from that popular stall near the newly built temple. I’m sure it’ll taste better if the two of us eat it together.”

Like an elder sister, Chryselle patted the princess’s head using her free hand. She said in a gentle voice, “How thoughtful of you. Come. Let’s go inside.”
The princess smiled blissfully after receiving a pat on her head. She remembered the times when her elder sisters weren’t yet married. They, too, indulged her wishes.
After entering the stone house, the princess removed her cloak and hung it on the wall. Chryselle noticed the sword on the princess’ waist.

“A sword?” said Chryselle.
“I’ve been recently honing my skills with the blade,” said Princess Esmeralda.
“I’m surprised that Sir Parzival allowed you to wield that.” Chryselle started preparing food in the kitchen.
“Well… I was reprimanded by the knights when they found out a few days ago that I’ve been secretly going to the Training Hall.”
Princess Esmeralda kicked off her shoes and sat on the bed. “But it’s fine now. After that golden-haired man talked with Parzival, the knights finally gave their consent and allowed me to use the Training Hall.”

Golden-haired man? There was only one person who fit that description in this town. Chryselle said, “Anandra?”
“Yes, him.” The princess imitated Anandra’s stern-looking face and his firmly shut lips. “The grumpy old man! He told my knights that I’m quite exceptional with the sword. I guess his words carried greater weight than my own.”
The princess said the last part unhappily. Parzival and the other knights were already aware of her talent with the sword. But it was only after hearing it from Anandra’s mouth that they finally allowed her to practice at the Training Hall.
Chryselle chuckled. “Anandra’s about the same age as me, Esmeralda.” “Eh? But George and Austen said that although he looks young,

Anandra is actually a middle-aged man! Forty, was it?”
“I’m pretty sure he’s way younger than that,” said Chryselle in a voice filled with understanding.
Esmeralda sighed. She was tricked by the brothers again. She stood up and walked to the kitchen. She noticed how skillful Chryselle was with the knife. Her hands moved swiftly, as though she’d cooked this particular dish hundreds of times before.
“You’re quite skilled!” exclaimed the princess.
“It’s for Master Lark,” Chryselle said happily. “Although the weather’s scorching hot, I heard before that he really likes this dish.”
The princess noticed Chryselle’s gleeful expression upon her mention of Lark’s name. Chryselle had changed, the princess was certain. For some reason, after she returned to Blackstone Town, she’d started looking at the lord in a different way.
How should she describe it? It felt as though Chryselle’s eyes were glimmering whenever she talked about the Lord of Blackstone Town. Was it admiration for his strength? She was not sure.
“I wish I knew how to cook,” the princess said in regret. “I could have helped you.”
“Visiting me this early in the morning is already more than enough.” Chryselle took a sip of the broth. “Have you read the book I gave you?”

“I read several pages yesterday,” said the princess. “The first two magic exercises were easy, but the third one…” Her voice trailed off.

“So you’re stuck at the third one?” said Chryselle. The two of them moved toward the bed and sat as they waited for the white boar meat to become tender.
“That’s right.” The princess nodded.
“I see.” Chryselle opened her hand and a thumb-sized orb of light shot out and hovered several inches above her palm. “The third exercise in the book is an insurmountable wall for most non-magicians. It’s meant to hone your mana shaping skills, just like this one.”

The thumb-sized orb of light slowly elongated then spun around, forming a thin, spiraling thread. The princess knew how hard it was to achieve this feat. When she did it back then, she could not even alter the orb of light as she pleased.
“You’re amazing,” whispered the princess.
The orb of light in Chryselle’s palm vanished. “You should be able to do it too. Here, let me guide you.”
Chryselle placed her hand on the princess’ back and slowly guided her mana into her hand.
Unlike when she did it alone, the princess easily manipulated the mana with Chryselle’s guidance. The orb of light in her palm slowly started assuming the same spiraling shape. The two of them repeated this several more times, until the princess started grasping the basics of the mana shaping process.
“Master Lark did this with George and Austen, when they’d just started,” said Chryselle. “I heard from the brothers that the master guided them the first time they mastered the magic formation for the first-tier spells.
“The ability to give shape to mana and will it to flow in the caster’s desired direction is one of the most fundamental things in magic. Without it, magic formations would cease to exist. Out of the seven basic mana exercises in the book, the third one is the most important. Remember this, Esmeralda.”
The princess nodded. She opened her hand and repeated the third exercise taught in the book. Although she was still unable to create the same spiraling shape as Chryselle, she could see the thumb-sized orb of light wriggling, as through trying to assume a certain shape.

It was an exhilarating feeling. Although Lark refused to teach her, she was finally grasping the basics of magic.

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 19

[Port Kalavinka—A naval base named after the hero of the navy] His black hair hiding more than half his face, Kalavinka sauntered

happily around his room. It was rare for him to get a chance like this. Hours of uninterrupted peace without his elder brother, Zaask, monitoring him.

“Just three more days and I can finally leave this naval base!” Kalavinka shuddered with excitement.
For some strange reason, it had been more than a week since any Mullgray Pirates were sighted near this territory. Had they gathered all of their forces to launch an all-out attack on Everfrost? Or maybe the Empire had finally decided to begin their counterattack on those savages, keeping the pirates too preoccupied to bother attacking the ports of the kingdom?

“Well, the reason doesn’t matter,” mumbled Kalavinka.
His request for a month-long vacation had been finally granted! And by his eldest brother, Lancaster Kelvin, no less! For Kalavinka, who’d been cooped up on this damned naval base for years, this was truly god sent.

Although he’d been hailed as the kingdom’s hero in naval warfare, Kalavinka believed that he was not suitable to lead all of these men. He was simply blessed with the ability to read the ebbs and flow of the tides, the movements of the creatures underneath the water, the pressure in the air, the shapes of the floating clouds. He knew that if these were taken away from him, he was nothing but an ordinary boy incapable of even wielding a spear.

Demon of the sea? Genius of the navy? Kalavinka believed that all of these titles were wasted on someone as incompetent as him.

Kalavinka looked out of his window, his eyes staring at the vast expanse stretching out to the horizon. The sea was eerily quiet today. Even the blue-spotted gulls, which inhabited the area, were nowhere to be found.

Kalavinka frowned.
The sea…
Something felt wrong.
Kalavinka continued staring at the sea for several more minutes. And finally, he was convinced of it. He was certain that ‘they’ were coming.

He knew that time was of the essence. Kalavinka ran out of his room and shouted, “Gather the commodore and the captain! Call big brother Zaask here! Now!”
The three soldiers tasked to guard his room flinched. This was the first time they’d seen the genius of the navy like this.
“Admiral Kalavinka! What’s wrong, sir?” asked one of the soldiers. “I don’t have the time to explain! Please! Call the officers! Call my

older brother Zaask here! Now!”
Under the desperate shouts of the boy, one of the soldiers ran outside to call for officers, while another one ran to call for Zaask, the second oldest son of Duke Kelvin, the man tasked to oversee Kalavinka.

A few minutes later, Zaask arrived at Kalavinka’s room. To his surprise, Kalavinka had already gathered the other officers of the navy inside. The normally-timid boy was already disseminating his commands.

“Commodore Lieson, make a tight net around the blue rock region. Be prepared to use the black fire under any conditions, at my command,” said Kalavinka in a heated voice. He’d already marked the spot with a circle on the map.
Commodore Lieson saluted. “Yes, Admiral!”
“Captain Halvar.”
“Admiral!”
“You shall provide support to the commodore’s fleet at the rear. The enemy numbers in tens of thousands. If by chance we are unable to suppress the enemy and they break through our tight net, retreat immediately. Your priority will be to secure the safety of the women, the children, and the elderly. Make sure they’re able to evacuate safely.”

Zaask, who’d been silent until now, finally spoke. “Retreat? Secure the safety of women, the children, and the elderly? Kalavinka, what’s the meaning of this?”
Kalavinka looked at his older brother, at the officers gathered in the room, then back. He said, “Big brother Zaask, they’re coming.”
Zaask closed the door and went to the table where everyone was gathered. Spread on top of the table was a large map of the western territory.
“This is unlike you, Kalavinka. What’s with that face? This is the first time I’ve seen you so terrified of mere pirates,” said Zaask.
Kalavinka shook his head. He found it hard to explain what he saw in words. “No. They’re not pirates, big brother.”
“Not pirates?” said Zaask.
What had this timid boy seen in the sea for him to freak out like this? Even now, Kalavinka’s shoulders were quivering.
“I’m not… really sure,” Kalavinka said hesitantly. “All of them are moving underwater. Tens of thousands of them.”
The room fell silent at those words.
Everyone knew of Kalavinka’s ability to read the flow of the water, his ability to predict the weather, and his ability to estimate the number of enemies—their positions and where they were hidden—during battle.

“I… I’m really scared,” Kalavinka said his honest thoughts. “I want to flee from here. Away from whatever is coming. But if I do that, what will happen to this port? To the citizens who believe in our protection?”

“Tens of thousands of unidentified creatures moving underwater,” muttered Zaask, frowning.
During the time he’d been tasked in monitoring his younger brother, Zaask learned of how fearsome Kalavinka could be during naval warfare. If he said that tens of thousands of underwater creatures were headed this way, then it must true.
“I trust your ability, Kalavinka,” said Zaask.
“Thank you, brother.” Kalavinka firmed his resolve upon hearing those words.
“So, what should we do? Just say the word. I can mobilize the Zaask Hussars for you.”
***
Under the orders of Kalavinka, they started preparing to evacuate all of the noncombatants to the Kelvin Duchy. Commodore Lieson and his fleet— consisting of thirty ships—formed a tight net at the blue rock region, ready to fire black fire the moment the admiral issued out his commands. Captain Halvar and his men were positioned nearest the port, at a perfect distance to either provide support for the commodore or to retreat and help with the evacuation. The Zaask Hussars—a light cavalry consisting of four hundred soldiers—had been summoned from the nearest garrison.

Just to be safe, the commodore insisted that both Kalavinka and Zaask stay at the port. Unlike their frequent skirmishes with the pirates, this event was unprecedented. They couldn’t risk the life of both Admiral Kalavinka and Zaask Kelvin.
For hours, they waited. None of the officers even doubted Kalavinka Kelvin’s judgment. After all, he’d never made a mistake before. They truly
believed that tens of thousands of underwater creatures were approaching the port.
“O-Over there!” shouted one of Commodore Lieson’s men. Innumerable creatures were moving underwater, forming a massive

shadow under the sea.
“They really came!”
“T-There’s too many of them!”
“Commodore! Your orders!”
Commodore Lieson looked in the direction of the port. The moment a yellow flag was raised, he roared, “Ready the black fire!”
The crews of all thirty ships opened their barrel-like weapons. The viscous mixture invented by Kalavinka Kelvin was already contained inside. The tar capable of burning underwater.

“Fire!”
Loud explosions were heard as all thirty ships fired at the water. Black fire spewed out of the barrels and shot toward the creatures swimming underwater.
“Archers ready!”
Now that the sea was literally burning, they knew that those creatures would soon make their appearance.
The moment hundreds of them jumped out of the water onto the deck, Commodore Lieson issued out his commands.
“Fire!”
And the archers onboard the ship fired their arrows, piercing the bodies of the unwanted intruders before they could even get onboard.

“What… the hell is that?”
Commodore Lieson couldn’t believe his eyes. The creatures that had been swimming underwater were humans. No, they resembled humans.

They were monsters, Commodore Lieson was sure of it. He noticed the small tentacles squirming out of the human’s mouths. Moreover, there were also humanoid tentacle monsters among the bunch.

It was a truly disgusting sight. It was as though the dead had been parasitized and brought back to life.
“They’re monsters!” shouted Commodore Lieson. “Fire the arrows at will! Keep the black fire burning!”
Although the black fire killed thousands of the monsters, several dozen still managed to climb onto the ships’ decks. Soon, the fight broke into a
melee.

The enemies which oddly resembled humans were surprisingly weak. Their movements were more sluggish than expected. The moment their heads were cut off, they fell onto the ground like stringless puppets. Even with their numbers, the soldiers stationed on the deck were capable of cutting them down.
The real problem was the humanoid tentacle monsters. Not only were they fast, they were also a bit stronger than an average human. Furthermore, they would not die even if you cut off all of their tentacles. The only way to defeat them was to cut off their heads—an extremely hard task, considering the tentacles protecting it.
“Aack! H-Help me!”
“Get off! Get off me!”
“Please! I don’t want to dieee!”
Cries of anguish, terror, and despair reverberated. One by one, the crew members were falling from battle.
And to their horror, some of them turned into monsters and started attacking their comrades.
“Commodore! They’re ignoring us! They’re heading directly to the port!” reported one of the sailors.
Commodore Lieson cut down the monster in front of him then looked in the direction of the port. Indeed, thousands of monsters were swimming toward the port.
Fortunately, Captain Halvar and his men were there to intercept them. Had Admiral Kalavinka predicted this would happen just by reading the

ebb and flow of the water?
He had accurately predicted that tens of thousands of underwater creatures were headed this way. He even went as far as proposing the noncombatants in the port evacuate. Truly an unseen-before genius.

“Marco.”
“Commodore!”
“I have an important task for you. You know how to send a coded message?”
“Yes, Commodore.”
“Good. Send a message to the port. Tell them to evacuate Admiral Kalavinka, along with the noncombatants, to the duchy. He should be safe there.”
Marco knew the implications of those words. It seemed that the commodore planned on taking the brunt of the attack, until everyone had successfully evacuated to the duchy. This full fleet would become bait to let everyone else live.

Despite knowing this, Marco saluted. He said with firm resolve, “Right away, Commodore!”
The commodore cut another humanoid tentacle monster. At their rear, he saw the ship of Captain Halvar capsize. Before half of its hull sank into the water, the ship blazed into flames and black fire spread deep underwater, scorching the monsters beneath the ship.

Even at his death, Captain Halvar decided to take down as many monsters as he could.
A valiant end befitting a captain.
Commodore Lieson tightened his grip on his cutlass’ hilt.
The captain must have realized it too—that this was not something even the admiral was capable of winning. A monster horde that could probably topple the entire kingdom itself. In a hopeless scenario like this, the only viable way for them to win the next battle was for the admiral to evacuate.
“Admiral Kalavinka… the boy can’t die here,” said Commodore Lieson.
The kingdom still needed him. He could not fall here, to monsters like these.
Commodore Lieson knew that he needed to buy enough time for the boy and the noncombatants to evacuate.
“Commodore!” said Marco. “I’ve sent them the message! They’ve agreed to forcefully evacuate the admiral to the duchy!”
It was good news. Now, there was only one thing left for them to do:

buy as much time as possible for everyone at the port.
Commodore Lieson said, “Well done!” He roared, “Hard to starboard!” “Hard to starboard!” echoed the other sailors.
The helmsman ran to the steering wheel and directed the ship toward the left, to the direction of the Mullgray Islands.
Hopefully the ships would be enough to serve as bait for all of the monsters.
As the surviving ships moved toward the Mullgray Islands, the sailors noticed the innumerable black dots in the sky. Screeches were heard as the
black dots loomed closer.

Flying monsters. Tens of thousands of them.
Everyone despaired upon seeing the creatures.
Were those monsters coming toward their kingdom? Just the thought made everyone shudder with terror.

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 20

The Kalavinka Navy, the so-called key to the golden age of sea exploration for the kingdom, was helpless against the demon horde.

From the sky.
From the sea.
Tens of thousands of demons continued attacking the port.
The moment the sky demons started swooping toward them from the sky, the hussars under Zaask Kelvin vanquished all thoughts of holding the front line. They knew that their spears would be useless against flying enemies. All that they could do right now was retreat.

“Fall back!” roared Zaask Kelvin. “We’re retreating!”
With trained movements, the hussars maneuvered their horses and skillfully evaded the attacks coming from the sky. They spurred their mounts forward, and under the leadership of Zaask, retreated toward the duchy.
“Wait, brother!” shouted Kalavinka, his arms wrapped around his brother’s back as he rode the same mount. He looked back at the commodore’s fleet that had been desperately fighting against the parasitic demons until now. “We can’t just leave like this! The port! What will happen to the port!”
The boy sounded so desperate. Zaask Kelvin had not expected his little brother to be this adamantly against their retreat.
“Kalavinka,” said Zaask. “In situations like these, it’s fine to be a coward. You read the message delivered by the commodore, didn’t you?” “But, brother! We still have several hundred hussars under your

command! If we escape—”
“Stop being stubborn!” snarled Zaask. As he’d thought, despite his skills in naval warfare, his little brother was still a kid. A naïve one at that. Zaask said firmly, “We can’t turn back now. If we do, we’ll be wasting those men’s sacrifice.”
Kalavinka couldn’t find the words to refute that statement. Deep inside, he knew that his brother was right. Those men—they stalled for time despite knowing the fate awaiting them. The very thought squeezed Kalavinka’s heart.
“Luckily, the Lancaster Army is currently stationed in the Kelvin Duchy, thanks to the previous decree of His Majesty to support the navy.
The other nobles will send their soldiers soon, all we need to do is wait. We should be safe there,” said Zaask. “Hold on tight. Never let go, no matter what.”
Kalavinka tightened his embrace on his brother’s back. The horses galloped in the direction of the duchy. Behind them, the parasitic demons desperately chased after the retreating hussars. Although the humanoid tentacled monsters were surprisingly fast, their speed was still not enough to catch up to the hussars’ mounts. The only real threat was the demons flying in the sky.
Dozens of sky demons swooped toward the retreating army, one after another. Like a hawk hunting its prey, they grabbed the hussars using their talons and lifted them toward the sky, never to be seen again.

“Aaah! H-Help me!”
“Get off me!”
“Shit! There’s too many of them!”
“Commander, your orders, please!”
Despite their skills as horsemen, the hussars were unable to evade all of the sky demon attacks . Although the hussars were feared on land, they’d never been trained on how to deal with attacks from the sky.

Zaask gnashed his teeth. He knew that at this rate, their army would be annihilated before they could even reach the duchy.
Should they make a small detachment to serve as a rear guard for their retreating army?
No, that would be suicide. It would be impossible for them to attract the attention of the whole flock.
As he was contemplating on his next move, the boy tightly embracing his back spoke.
“Brother, we should take a detour,” said Kalavinka. He almost bit his tongue while talking. Their mount continued to gallop on uneven ground.

“A detour?” said Zaask. He removed one hand from the rein, unsheathed his sword, and stabbed the sky demon that tried grabbing him from above. The sky demon shrieked, flapped its wings, and retreated to the sky.
“Yes!” said Kalavinka. “Instead of heading straight to the duchy, it’d be better to go north, toward the Leonard School instead.”
Unlike Lancaster Kelvin, who treated Kalavinka as a puppet, Zaask believed in the abilities of his little brother. He asked, “Leonard School?
The territory of that grumpy old man?”

Leonard School was a martial arts school located in the territory of the former Baron Zacharia. Along with the Military Academy and the Magic Academy, it was one of the three most popular schools of the kingdom.

“There’s nothing but grassland from here all the way to the duchy,” pointed out Kalavinka. “But it’s different if we head a bit north, toward Viscount Zacharia’s territory. Now that we’ve outrun the land monsters, the only threat to our survival are those monsters in the sky. A forest—we need to enter one.”
Zaask finally understood what Kalavinka was trying to achieve from this detour. Indeed, they were extremely disadvantaged when dealing with the sky demons while running on grassland. They would be nothing but easy, moving targets until they arrived at the duchy. But things would be different if they entered a forest. Although the hussars would lose a lot of mobility if they entered the forest, the same could be said for the sky demons. This was definitely their best shot at survival.

Zaask smirked.
Who would have known that this boy was also well-versed in battle on land?
“Hussars! We’ll shake off these damn monsters!” roared Zaask. “To the north! We’ll be entering the nearest forest!”
“Yes, Commander!”
For two hours, the small army continued moving north. During that time, more than a hundred hussars were killed by the sky demons. Despite their desperate struggle to fend off the attacks from the sky, the Zaask Army still suffered terrible losses.
Finally, they arrived at the nearest forest. A sea of pine trees located a couple of days away from Viscount Zacharia’s territory.
The sky demons flew past them, circled the forest for quite some time, and eventually stopped their chase. They screeched then flew back in the direction of the port.
The soldiers sighed in relief.
“White,” said Zaask. “Report.”
The vice commander of the army said in a dispirited voice, “A hundred and seventy-four men, Commander. We lost almost half of our hussars to the flying monsters.”
Zaask looked up at the sky, as though asking the heavens why this had happened now, of all times. Although their army was a lot smaller than Lancaster Kelvin’s, each of their members were handpicked elites. Losing almost half their soldiers was a terrible blow to their army.

Kalavinka lowered his head. He was the one who requested for the Zaask Army to be called all the way here from the duchy. “Big brother, I… I’m sorry. This happened because of me. If you didn’t call the hussars here…”
“What are you talking about?” Zaask placed his hand on top of Kalavinka’s head. “We would probably have been annihilated if you hadn’t suggested this detour to the forest. We should be thanking you instead, Kalavinka.”
“But I was the one who asked you to call all of these soldiers here…” Zaask sighed. “Do we look like kids to you, Kalavinka? All of these

men are veteran soldiers. None of them will blame you for what happened.” Kalavinka looked at the soldiers. Indeed, he could not see hatred within

the eyes of the hussars. Some of them were even looking at him with gratitude, for his suggestion to enter the forest.
“Although it appears that the sky monsters have retreated, it’ll do us no good to be complacent,” said Zaask. “Install several traps, just in case.”

Vice Commander White saluted. “Right away, Commander.”
“Mauro.”
“Sir!”
“Gather the scouts. Split into two groups. I need you to send a message to the duchy and to His Majesty.”
“To His Majesty?” said the leader of the scouts. He knew that if word got out that they’d suffered such a terrible defeat against those monsters, the name of the House Kelvin would be smeared with mud. It was something Duke Kelvin would never allow, no matter what.

“The competition for the throne, the reputation of the House Kelvin. None of that matters right now,” said Zaask. His older brother, Lancaster Kelvin, would probably beat him up for this. “Your priority will be to inform the kingdom and the duchy of what transpired here today. Leave no details out. Do you understand?”
The leader of the scouts nodded. “I’ll make sure it reaches the king and the duchy. Please leave it to me, Commander!”
Zaask patted Mauro’s shoulder.
“Kalavinka, you’re going with the scouts to the capital. Get ready. You will be leaving in an hour.”
Zaask’s intuition was telling him this was the best course of action to take right now. For some strange reason, he wanted his little brother far away from here, no matter what.
The boy slowly nodded and no longer complained.
Zaask looked up at the sky. It was only a couple of hours before dusk.

He decided to camp here tonight.
***

The next day, the Zaask Army left the forest and made their way to the duchy. They did not take the shortest route, in fear of being found by the monsters. A decision they regretted two days later, upon arriving at their city.

“W-What is this! What happened here?” Zaask shouted in utter fury.

His eyes were wide as his body quivered from rage.
Dead bodies of residents littered the streets and almost half the city was burning. Slabs of stone, splintered wood, and dismembered human bodies were seen in all directions.
He could not believe it. In just a couple of days, the duchy had been overrun by monsters.
Zaask and his men despaired at this sight.
Their beloved city. Their home. Their families. Everything had been ravaged to the ground.
Zaask’s eyes swiveled left and right. Judging by the state of the corpses on the street and the direction they were facing, most of the residents were eaten alive on their way out of the city, probably by the sky monsters they’d encountered back then.
Men. Women. Children. Elderly. None of them had been spared by the monsters.
“C-Commander,” said White. “Over there!”
Looking in the direction the vice commander was pointing, Zaask saw several walking corpses heading toward them. Tentacles were squirming inside their mouths, their flesh rotting, their eyes hollowed. The same monsters they fought back at the port.

“How…” Zaask still couldn’t believe the tragedy that had befallen the duchy.
The Lancaster Army was supposedly stationed here. How had the city fallen in just days?
The parasitized humans roared. As though on cue, over a thousand tentacled humanoid monsters started unburrowing themselves from the ground. Hundreds of sky demons also started appearing in the sky, their screeches reverberating throughout the city.

“We’re surrounded,” muttered Zaask.
“Every path’s been blocked, Commander,” said White.
“Damn it. I thought we’d be safe as long as we reached the duchy!” snarled Zaask. “But, what’s this?”
As Zaask was scanning the battlefield for a way out, he noticed a familiar face among the parasitized humans. A muscular, middle-aged man wearing bloodstained armor. Half his face was scorched, and his left arm was missing.
“B-Brother?” breathed Zaask.
It was Lancaster Kelvin, without a doubt.
It seemed that Lancaster Kelvin had struggled until his last breath against these monsters. His expensive armor had been cut and dented, and a large portion of his body had been scorched by flames. A testament to how much fight he’d put up against these monsters.

And it was not just Lancaster.
Zaask’s former sword instructor. The head butler. The vice leader of the Lancaster Army. The leader of the city guards. The duke’s fifth son, Amphus Kelvin. The duke’s eleventh son, Sven Kelvin. Even Zaask’s daughter was among the parasitized humans.
“A-Amelia,” he called out to his daughter. The four-year-old girl looked alive, save for the tentacles squirming out of her mouth.
Zaask lost all will to fight back. He could not bring himself to raise his sword against these parasitized humans. Even if they’d been turned into monsters, they were still his family.
There must be a way to save them. A spell. A potion. The method did not matter.
The parasitized humans roared. The sky demons screeched. They charged toward the hussars.
***
Plagas, the Lord of Parasitic Demons, leisurely sat on the throne, at a room in the royal palace. It originally belonged to the King of Pirates. A
man that had now become a high-ranking parasitic nest. A servant that would unquestioningly carry out all of the Lord of Parasitic Demon’s commands.
“I was hoping that there would be more exceptional humans like this one,” said Plagas as he fondly stroked the tentacles of the high-ranking nest next to him. Using the link binding him and a few handpicked parasitic demons, Plagas watched the battle in the Kelvin Duchy unfold.

“How boring.” Plagas rested his head on one of his tentacles.
The Immortal Demon had sent him and his tribe of parasitic demons to this realm for reconnaissance. According to the Demon Lord Barkuvara, during the Age of Magic, there existed humans capable of killing High Demons. Plagas’ task was to scout the Human Realm for such potential foe.

“If all of the humans are this weak, my tribe should be enough to conquer all of the human kingdoms,” said Plagas.
The strongest human he’d encountered so far was the King of Pirates.

But even he couldn’t cut through the body of Plagas.
Plagas planned on going back to the Demon Realm later to report his findings to the Demon Lord.
“Oho! What’s this!”
Plagas stood up in excitement upon receiving the visual transmission from the parasitic demon he’d sent to the Empire.
“Another one! Another one!” squeaked Plagas.
A potential host for a high-ranking nest had appeared among the humans.
Unlike the kingdom, the Empire had been putting up a great fight against the demon horde. They’d even managed to shoot down a third of the sky demons sent to their nation.
Plagas strengthened the link connecting him to the parasitic demon currently located at the Empire’s soil. He shared its hearing, its vision.

“Prince Quinn! Please stop charging recklessly to the front lines!” A human, who seemed to be a military officer, shouted at the potential human host. The officer clicked his tongue. He said to his men, “Follow the prince! Guard him with your lives!”
“Yes, General!”
The prince, along with his men, valiantly defended the city of the Empire. Thousands of imperial soldiers and magicians clashed against the parasitic demon horde.
Plagas squirmed excitedly as he watched.

This so-called prince was incredibly strong for a human. Even the general following behind him was also exceptional.
“Oho, I see… I see!” said Plagas.
He realized that the glaive currently used by the prince was a magic artifact. It seemed to be capable of nullifying magic at a certain radius. If used correctly, Plagas knew that weapon was capable of cutting even the body of a high demon.
“A maginus? How interesting. So, the knowledge of the Magic Empire still exists in this era. I need to report this to the Demon Lord Barkuvara.”

Bearing the strength and the weapon of the prince in mind, Plagas issued out a command to the parasitic demons and the sky demons currently attacking the Empire.
“Focus all of your attacks on that human,” he ordered. “No matter how strong he is, at the end of the day, he’s still a mere mortal.” Plagas grinned. “The so-called prince and his general. Bring their bodies to me, no matter what.”

VOLUME 7: EPILOGUE

The news regarding the fall of the Kalavinka Port and the Kelvin Duchy quickly spread throughout the kingdom. Upon hearing of the barrier protecting Behemoth City, tens of thousands of refugees from the west started flocking toward the capital.
In the throne room, the royal advisors, several government officials, and nobles gathered to discuss the kingdom’s current predicament—their opinions regarding the refugees were currently divided.

“Your Majesty, we should close off the city gates! Who knows what will happen to us if we keep accepting all of these refugees!”

“Are you out of your mind? If we don’t take them in, all of those people will die eventually!”
“This ruthless old fart! You know fully well that this is the only city with a barrier!”
“So what? Tell me, how do you plan on feeding all of those people? Tell me!”
Indeed, although they’d managed to cull the Black Famine last year, the capital currently only had enough food reserves to feed their current population. Taking in almost thirty thousand refugees from various towns and villages in the west seemed out of the question.

“I’ve sent a message to Lord Chase and to Duke Youchester,” said King Alvis, his calm voice was in stark contrast to the agitated officials’. The bickering in the throne room died out. “Their territories had a somewhat abundant harvest this year. I believe it should be possible for them to supply the capital with grain and meat.”
The king looked so tired, despite his calm voice. Dark spots encircled his eyes, as though he had not slept all night.
“We shall continue accepting refugees,” said King Alvis. “The capital of the kingdom shall serve as a haven for everyone fleeing from the war.”

It was a bold declaration. Everyone in the throne room knew the repercussions of letting in too many people.
“I humbly ask Your Majesty to reconsider,” said one of the royal advisors, his voice desperate. He was the leader of the group in favor of closing the city gates. “Thirty thousand people is too many for the capital to take in at once. If His Majesty really wishes to take in the refugees, we can start by letting in a few hundred—even a few thousand.”
King Alvis gripped the armrest. “I understand your concerns, Minister Randolf. But I couldn’t possibly let all of those people die. We shall take in all of them, even if we have to ration our resources. With the help of Golden Wheat City and Youchester Duchy, we should be able to hold on for several months.”

The minister looked up at the ceiling and closed his eyes in defeat. For several seconds, he fell silent. He eventually said, “Then, at least let them stay outside the city, Your Majesty. As long as they’re inside the barrier, the refugees shouldn’t complain. The barrier is large. It should be possible to accommodate everyone.”
King Alvis stroked his beard and pondered over it. He nodded. “Very well. Viscount Lakian.”
“Your Majesty,” said the Grand Chamberlain.
“You’ll be tasked with making sure the refugees are given shelter at the city’s outskirts. A shack, a tent, a mud house. Anything will do as long as they have a roof over their heads.”
The Grand Chamberlain bowed. “As you wish.” “Danack.”
The leader of the patrol stepped forward, bowed his head, and said, “Your Majesty.”
“Disorder is bound to arise with so many people gathering together,” said King Alvis. “Take necessary measures to keep security and order in check. If someone is causing trouble, I’m giving you permission to kick them out of the barrier.”
“Please leave it to me, My King,” said the leader of the patrol. Realizing that they had not discussed any plans on retaking the western

region from the demons until now, Calisto Kelvin said, “Your Majesty, how long do we have to wait before we send out reinforcements to the western region?”
Calisto was the third son of Duke Kelvin. If the reports regarding the fate of the Kalavinka Port and the duchy were accurate, the first and second sons of their house were probably already dead. With the duke currently locked up in the dungeon, Calisto currently held the highest authority in the ducal household.
“We should send reinforcements!” Calisto was close to crying. Even now, he couldn’t believe that the duchy had fallen in days. “We could still save my brothers!”
“Calm down, Calisto,” said General Carlos.

“Calm down? How can I calm down when my city is literally burning right now!” shouted Calisto. “And this! We’ve been discussing the demon invasion for a couple of days already, but what have we achieved? Nothing!”
“Lower your voice, you are before His Majesty,” growled General Carlos. “You’ve heard it yourself from those who’d managed to escape. Those demons are capable of taking over human bodies! We can’t recklessly send our soldiers to their deaths! If we charge in that hellhole without a plan, we’ll be simply adding to the number of corpses!”

Under the general’s predatory gaze, Calisto finally shut his mouth. “And do you think it’s only the Kelvin Duchy? Even Gryphon City has
been attacked by those demons. The Marcus Army is probably fighting against those monsters as we speak! Rock Castle! The Leonard School! Quasan City! It is thanks to them that the demons haven’t reached here yet!”
Everyone in the throne room wore grim faces. They knew that if these territories fell in the hands of the demons, it would only be a matter of time before the horde reached the capital.
Thankfully, according to their intel, the Marcus Army led by Lui Marcus had been holding their ground against the horde. But they knew that it would be only a matter time before the Marcus Army was defeated, unless they found a way to prevent the demons from taking over the bodies of their prey.

***

After meeting with the nobles and officials, King Alvis went to an underground dungeon underneath Lady Ropianna’s mansion.

“How is it, Ropianna?” said King Alvis.
The king stood in front of a cell, along with General Carlos, Lady Ropianna, Elias ‘Farsight’ and several guards. Inside the cell was a parasitized human. A live specimen the soldiers had managed to obtain at a village near the Kelvin Duchy.
Lady Ropianna shook her head. She said in a raspy voice, “The alchemists managed to obtain a blood sample. But it will take at least two days for the results, Your Majesty. Unfortunately, I believe that that alone won’t be enough.”
“Is that so…” said the king. He also believed that there was an extremely high chance that they would not find a cure in a few days’ time. After all, this was the first time, even for the royal court magicians, to encounter a parasitized human.

According to Lark Marcus, the current barrier barred entry to anyone that was non-human. But since they’d managed to locked up this creature in a dungeon inside the capital, it meant only one thing: this creature was still considered human. This was the conclusion everyone here had arrived at. There should still be a way for it revert to its former state.

The parasitized human in the cell roared. It grabbed the bars and tried forcefully squeezing its head through the gap. Slimy tentacles squirmed out of its mouth. The guards warily stood next to the king to protect him in the event that the parasitized human managed to break out.

“It’s still alive even after losing this much blood,” said General Carlos. A large cut was seen across the chest of the parasitized human. Its skin

was extremely pallid, as though it had lost all the blood from its body. “A normal human would have already died by now,” said Lady

Ropianna. “Taking over their will and their body. They couldn’t even die if they wanted to. How cruel.”
The elderly female magician clenched her fists. Her shoulders quivered from hatred toward the demons.
“If by chance I meet the same fate,” said Lady Ropianna in a low voice. “Please kill me.”
Everyone furrowed their brows but didn’t utter a word. They understood the feelings of the elderly female magician. They, too, would prefer death over becoming a parasitized human.
“I haven’t told the ministers and officials about this,” said King Alvis. “But there should be a way for our kingdom to survive this demon invasion.”
Lady Ropianna looked at the king. “The one mentioned in the revelation…”
“That’s right,” said King Alvis. “You confirmed it with your own eyes, didn’t you Farsight?”
Elias ‘Farsight’, who’d been silent all this time, spoke, “Lark Marcus… He’s strong. Stronger than I expected. But it’s not enough for me to come to a conclusion, Your Majesty.”
King Alvis stroked his beard. “Over a week ago, I’ve received a message from the knight stationed at Blackstone Town. From Mikael Garios.”
“The former instructor of the knights?” said Lady Ropianna. Mikael was quite famous in the capital before he retired.
King Alvis nodded. “According to Mikael, a massive wall around sixty meters in height grew and surrounded the entirety of Blackstone Town overnight. Moreover, the same barrier spell protecting the capital was concurrently cast on Blackstone Town.”
Upon hearing this, the eyes of Farsight and Lady Ropianna widened. General Carlos, on the other hand, seemed indifferent to this revelation. As the closest confidant of the king, he’d already heard everything from the king beforehand.
“Pinnacle-grade spell?” Lady Ropianna said in disbelief. She’d seen before how much mana was required to cast that spell. Even the Tears of Ubroxia alone was not enough as a source of mana. A spell even a royal court magician could not cast on a whim.

Before meeting Lark Marcus, they believed that pinnacle-grade spells were exclusive only to dragons.
The fact that something that powerful had been cast to protect a town sounded preposterous.
“And Mikael heard it from Lark Marcus himself,” said King Alvis. “Evander Alaester. A magician who once lived during the Age of Magic. One of the strongest magicians in the history of mankind. Lark Marcus himself admitted that the soul of that magician is currently inhabiting the body of Duke Drakus’ second son.”

The parasitized human locked in the cell started banging on the iron bars. Its flesh was torn, its bone cracked, but it did not stop.

“If it’s him, it should be possible for us to find a way to turn those people back to normal,” said King Alvis. He looked at the parasitized human with pity. “Ropianna, if he is indeed that legendary magician, I will abdicate the throne. Although four years have yet to pass, I shall name him the next ruler of this kingdom. The Gods said so, didn’t they? It’s the only way for our nation to survive.”

The parasitized human started banging its head against the wall. Unable to bear to look at him any further, Lady Ropianna cast a restriction spell and bound the parasitized human by a wind chain.
“Tonight, I shall depart for Blackstone Town.”

The royal court magicians looked at General Carlos. To their surprise, the retired general did not seem against the decision of His Majesty. It seemed that he already knew of this plan.
“Even if I have to kneel, I shall ask that magician to help this kingdom.”

AFTERWORD

First of all, I would like to thank everyone for reading this far into the novel. I started writing out of boredom a couple of years ago. Who would have known that people would actually read and buy my stories? I’m currently at a point in my life wherein I’m contemplating on going full-time as an author. It’s a hard decision, since I’ll be leaving my career as a medical doctor behind in exchange for this one. Being a doctor is extremely draining. I won’t go into details, but I’ve realized that working at the hospital has been extremely taxing on my body.

Well, enough of the rant. (Haha! Seriously. Why am I writing this in an afterword?)
There’s only a couple of volumes left before Legend of the Arch Magus ends. Two episodes of the webcomic for the novel have already been completed. I’ll start posting them once I’ve had enough buffer episodes. Unfortunately, it’ll be posted monthly. The studio working on the webcomic is small, and with the limited manpower and budget, it’s the best we could do as of this moment. Who knows – when it becomes popular someday (hopefully), maybe we could hire more people to make it a bi-monthly release?
The completed episodes for the webcomic are currently being posted on my patreon page. You can also read advance chapters of the next book there.
Patreon.com/crazyblackchili
If you like my work, please write a review on Amazon . It really helps a lot in the algorithm. It means a lot to me.
Thank you.

-Chili
This file was downloaded from Z-Library project




























Your gateway to knowledge and culture. Accessible for everyone.












z-library.se	singlelogin.re	go-to-zlibrary.se	single-login.ru









Oﬃcial Telegram channel









Z-Access










https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Z-Library
