
Lark tossed a wooden spear to one of the humanoids Gaston brought. Upon seeing this, several soldiers realized what the Young Master was implying.
“These guys will be your sparring partners.” Lark pointed at the humanoid creatures. “Despite their appearance, they’re far stronger than your average beastman.”

One of the soldiers gulped. He voiced his concerns out loud. “Although they’ll be using wooden spears… wouldn’t we die if we get a direct hit?”

If what the Young Master said was true – that these guys were stronger than a beastman – then taking a direct hit even from a wooden spear could be fatal.

“It’s fine.” Lark smiled. “I’ve ordered these guys to use only a fraction of their strengths for now. Basically, they’ll be matching the strength of their opponents. The difficulty will increase only once you guys get used to these mock battles.”
Everyone realized the effectiveness of this training regimen. Even if they were pummeled to the ground, they would not suffer casualties as long as they were inside this arena and as long as they have enough mana. This way, they would gain battle experience from fighting stronger opponents without the risk of being injured or killed in training.

“There are nine sparring partners available.” Lark referred to the humanoid creatures. “Qarat, pick nine soldiers.”

Qarat saluted. Soon, nine soldiers entered the arena. They gripped their wooden spears tight, their eyes vigilantly gazing at the unmoving humanoids at the center of the arena. Looking intently at the humanoids, the soldiers realized how long their opponents’ arms were, and how much of a huge advantage it would be for them.

“H-Hey, isn’t this… unfair?” One of the soldiers spat.

But before another one of them could complain, Lark sent out the signal to start.

“Begin!” said Lark.

On cue, the humanoids started locking on to their targets. With their long arms, the reach of their spears almost doubled. The startled soldiers tried blocking their attacks, but each of the humanoids’ strikes carried great weight, making their arms numb from impact.

Soon, the difference between the two groups became evident. In less than two minutes, the spears of the soldiers were sent flying. They were struck by their opponents at the abdomen, sending them flying then rolling on the ground.

One of the soldiers vomited blood. Seeing this, the rest of the soldiers spectating the fight shivered.

Were they supposed to fight those things to gain battle experience? “Y-Young Master?” said one of the soldiers. “Hmm?” Lark quizzically looked at the pallid man.

“You told us that those things are going to use only a fraction of their strength?” The soldier’s voice trailed off. In their eyes, it did not seem to be the case.

“That’s right,” said Lark, as though it was the most obvious thing. “If those guys used even half their strength, everyone in that arena would have been
dead by now.”

After all, each of them was made from the fragmented essence of a Calamity Class Monster.

After hearing the Young Master’s statement, the Blackstone Soldiers began fearing for their lives. Even if this arena permitted them to use healing magic, a single mistake by those humanoids may cost them their lives. They were also not immune to the excruciating pain of having their flesh and bones torn to shreds after every spar.

Lark was aware of the thoughts running through everyone’s minds – it was fairly obvious upon seeing their faces.
“You may think this is torture, but believe me,” said Lark. “You’ll thank me for this after a few years. This is a lot better than dying like a dog in the battlefield.”

Several soldiers groaned. Lark chuckled. His eyes swiveled towards the Arena. The defeated soldiers were still sprawled on the ground.
“Hey! Did you forget?” shouted Lark. “Use Healing Magic!”

It was only now that the defeated soldiers remembered that this special area permitted them to use healing spells of the lowest rank. They concentrated with all their might, determined to heal their broken bones and torn flesh.
Like before, the symbols on the pillars glowed and particles of light gathered on their wounds. After some time, the pain disappeared. The soldiers started standing up one by one.

“Since you’ve healed yourselves, let’s start with the next round.” Like a demon, Lark ordered the humanoids to prepare for another round of battle. “We’ll continue this until you run out of mana.”

Everyone who heard this shivered. They did not know that the Young Master was a demon when it came to training the soldiers. Running around the mansion’s hall three hundred times was better than this.

“Experience is the best teacher, right?” Lark devilishly grinned. “We’ll drill into your bodies what a real battlefield is like.”

After a short pause, Lark said, “Second round. Begin!”

Chapter Two

[Lion City]

Austen decided to grab the opportunity to start anew. Without even tending to his wounds, he immediately went back to their self-made shack in the slums and started packing their bags. As per usual, the place stank, and numerous flies and mosquitoes were buzzing about.
“Brother, why are you packing our things?” asked the second oldest child in the family, a boy in his early teenage years. He was currently bedridden after suffering an injury while running an errand in the city. With his injuries left untreated, what started as a simple wound became a crippling illness. Austen tried seeking for help from herbalists before, but none of them wished to work for free.

“We’re leaving the city,” said Austen as he continued to fit as much items in the bag with his slender arms.
“We’re leaving the city?” asked the third oldest child, tilting her head in confusion.

Austen nodded. “That’s right. We’re going to this wonderful place called Blackstone Town. Your brother will find a job there. We’ll no longer suffer from hunger. I’ll make sure of it.”

Austen did not even know what awaited them in that place. All he knows is that his siblings needed his reassurance. All of them were born in this city, and the prospect of leaving for a new town in the middle of the wilderness may trigger fear and anxiety. He silently prayed to the Gods to guide him on this path.

“When are we leaving? Tomorrow?” said the second child.

“Tonight,” corrected Austen. “We’re leaving now.”

He was finally done packing what little they have inside the bag. After making sure that his silver coin was still inside his pouch, he deeply breathed in then said, “Listen. The Merchants Guild received an urgent order from Blackstone Town, and their caravan is leaving an hour or two from now. We’re coming with them to the town. I’ve already talked with the merchants.”

Initially, the fee the merchants charged for the six of them was exorbitant. But Austen managed to lower the price from two silvers to eighty coppers
after he promised to take care of the horses and the carts during their travel. Although they would have nothing but twenty coppers to their name after when they reach the town, Austen decided to risk it.

“Diane,” said Austen. “You and Kirk will carry the bag. George can’t move, so I’ll carry him on my back.”

The two older kids nodded. Austen passed them the bag, and they helped each other in lifting it up.
“Belle, you’ll be responsible for Ian. Make sure to hold each other’s hands,” said Austen. He paused and locked eyes with everyone. “Do you guys still remember what dad used to remind us all the time?”

The kids replied in unison, “Cherish the family! No one gets left behind!” A smile formed on Austen’s lips. “Good! Let’s go!”

Thankfully, no one objected to Austen’s decision to leave the city. The family of six moved out of the slums and traveled to the place where the caravan was.

When they arrived, Austen was surprised to see three familiar faces – three other slum residents – also waiting for the caravan to move out. Although they had never spoken with each other, Austen was sure that they were part of the group who sold rags for a living.

So they’re taking their chances too, huh?

The fee to board the caravan was an exorbitant amount for paupers like them. One needed great resolve to gamble upon this chance.
Austen nodded at the trio upon meeting their gazes.

After the merchants were done loading the goods, the caravan started moving out. The carts rattled and squeaked as it moved through muddy roads, grassy plains, and thick forests.

The journey took them two days. Finally, they reached the outskirt of Blackstone Town.
“Woah!” A voice of surprise escaped George’s lips. “So that’s Blackstone Town?”
The eyes of the other kids glimmered as they stared at the town from the distance. Austen, on the other hand, remained silent. He squinted his eyes. He had not expected to see a stone wall encasing the entire town. Although
it was smaller than Lion City’s, it seemed well-constructed, with battlements on top.
Instead of a town, this place gave off the vibe of a small city. A young sprout that would bloom after the passage of time.

There’s a moat and a bridge too?

The initial image Austen had was shattered in an instant. Even the army from Lion City would have a hard time besieging this town.

His heart beat faster. What kind of fate awaits him here?

He clenched his fists.

A new start. Please, oh Gods. Please help me find a job.

The caravan crossed the bridge and entered the gate. They were immediately greeted by a large, paved main road. But that was not what surprised Austen the most.

What are those?!

His jaws dropped upon seeing a town illuminated by glowing gemstones during the night. Each gemstone was placed on top of wooden pillars several meters tall, giving ample light to its surroundings. Several locals would momentarily stop and stare at the caravan, before moving on with their everyday lives. Judging by their nonchalant expressions, these gemstones illuminating the night had been here for quite some time now.

“Brother! Look!”

“It’s so beautiful!”

Just like him, his siblings were mesmerized by this sight. It was indeed breathtaking.
“We’re here,” said the coachman.

After the carts halted, all passengers stepped outside. They found themselves in front of a mansion. Several men and women were already waiting for the merchants to arrive.

“The ingots?” A butler approached the leader of the merchants.

“On the second cart. We’ve also procured several more loi plants like you’ve asked.”
The butler nodded in approval. He turned to the servants. “Move them to the underground chamber.”
Like worker ants, the merchants and servants worked together to move the crates from the carts.
The butler approached Austen and the rest of his group.

“You guys are?” said the old man.

Austen stepped forward. “We’re from Lion City, Sir. We we’re told that you’re hiring people. Miners, Farmers, Laborers. Anything’s fine, but if it’s possible, I wish to enter the military, sir.”

“So more have come, huh?” mumbled the old man. He cleared his throat. “I’m Gaston, butler of the Lord of Blackstone Town.”

As expected, this old man was someone important.

“Due to the influx of immigrants lately, we’ve changed the way we screen soldiers,” said the butler.
Was it a good thing? Austen wanted to ask, but his lips remained shut tight.

The old man was psychic. “Is it a good thing? Well, it depends on your perseverance, you see. For now, you can rest in the cabin over there.” He pointed at a well-made cabin outside the mansion. “We’ll call for you tomorrow morning for the assessment.”

They’re allowed to use that one? It was an excessively kind treatment to immigrants. For a moment, Austen was stunned.
“There’s still something I need to do, so please excuse this old man,” said the butler.
Before Austen and the rest of his group could utter a statement, the old man turned around and disappeared from sight.

***

Morning came.

Sleeping inside the cabin brought wonders. It washed off the fatigue within Austen’s body. He had never felt so refreshed before.

Someday… I’ll own a house like this someday.

They were told that they could live in this cabin temporarily. Once they land themselves a job, they could rent one of the recently finished houses in the eastern district. Buying it was possible too, if they had enough money.
Three loud knocks came at the door. Upon opening, he saw a man clad in leather armor with a short sword on his waist.
“Sir Gaston told me that there are guys here who wish to join the military?” said the man.
Austen and the three men from the slums looked at each other. “Ah, yes,” said Austen. “That’ll be us four, sir.”

The man scrutinized the four of them. “The four of you look famished.” He scratched his cheeks then coughed. “But that shouldn’t matter. You’ll be well-fed once you’re in the military, after all.”

Austen heard that the pay for a soldier in Blackstone Town was eleven silvers. An amount enough to feed him and his siblings, with more than enough to spare for other necessities.

“Under the orders of Captain Qarat, I’m here to guide the four of you to the eastern border. To the training grounds,” said the man.
“Training grounds?” repeated Austen.

The man nodded. “That’s right. Haven’t you heard? You’re required to participate in the soldiers’ training for a week before you’ll be accepted in the military. That’s the standard procedure nowadays. Quit halfway and you’re out.”

So, this was the ‘different’ assessment method the butler was talking about. Participate in the training, huh?

At first, Austen was afraid that the entrance test would be something incredibly difficult, like deciphering something written on a piece of parchment. He did not know how to read nor write. If the exam was similar to that, then he would have no choice but to settle for a low-paying job.

With the soldier leading the way, Austen and his group arrived at the eastern border.

On a large clearing, around a hundred soldiers gathered. They wore the same leather armor, all of them holding a spear.
“Captain, these are the new recruits,” said the man.

Qarat stared at Austen and the three guys beside him. “Give them the spears. We’ll start stamina training in a few minutes.”

“Yes, Sir!”

The man grabbed several spare spears and handed it to each of them. It was surprisingly heavier than it looked.
“Stand at the back,” ordered Captain Qarat.
“Yes!” Austen and the other guys enthusiastically responded.

Soon, the stamina training began.

It consisted entirely of running around the town while holding a spear. To an errand boy like Austen, this was easy. Especially since he had prior experience of carrying far heavier objects while running around Lion City. The other three, on the other hand, were out of breaths and were close to collapsing on the ground.

I can do this.

Austen was filled with resolve. He needed this job. Once he was accepted in the military, he would no longer worry about feeding his family.

After running around the town thrice, they rested for half an hour before proceeding to the next phase of training: practicing the basic movements of the spear.

Stab. Pull. Repeat.

The skin on his palms started to tear off as time went by. Still, Austen did not stop. If it was only this much, he surely could endure.

“Stop!” shouted Captain Qarat.

The entire army halted at once. Austen sighed in relief. How many hours had it been? He was not sure. His entire hand felt numb.

“Eh, where are they?” he said.

He noticed that two of the three guys from the slum were gone.

The remaining one, a guy with pointed chin, wryly smiled. “Gone. They left a few minutes after we started with the spear training. They said they’ll try farming instead.”

To think that two out of four had already given up after just a couple of hours, the screening for the soldiers was indeed effective in weeding out those undetermined to become one.

Well, Austen could not blame them. If not for the stamina he has honed from several years of running errands for other people, he would have already collapsed just from the first part of the training alone.

After practicing the basic movements of the spear, a kid called Anthony came over and began handing out food to the soldiers. Austen was fascinated upon learning that it was actually that kid’s job. He even heard that it paid quite well, too.
Austen decided to ask some of his siblings to apply for the same position later on, if there were any vacancies.
After the meal, the soldiers moved towards the southern district. They entered a structure resembling a temple: the Training Hall, designed to provide battle experience to the soldiers. According to his fellow soldiers, this was built just recently.

“We’re supposed to… fight those things?” Austen rubbed his eyes in disbelief upon seeing the monsters standing at the center of the arena. They all held wooden spears, their grotesque bodies made entirely of iron.
Judging by the reactions of the other soldiers, this was not the first time they had seen those monsters. Austen had no choice but to stiffen the muscles on his legs to prevent them from running for the way out.
Those things looked grotesque and scary, but they should be harmless. It was the only feasible explanation, Austen thought.

For the sake of the newcomers, Captain Qarat explained how to use the Training Hall. With a metallic spear in hand, he went inside the arena and started sparring with one of the metallic monsters.

The fight went on for several minutes. Eventually, the spear of the Captain went flying. The metallic monster kicked him right at the abdomen, making him fly and roll through the ground several times. Austen’s eyes widened when he saw the Captain spit out blood after standing up.

What the hell.

This was not a spar.

This was a bloody slaughter.

If they kept fighting those things, they would all die.

But as though refuting what was on Austen’s mind, the stone pillars surrounding the arena glowed. Particles of light starting forming on the Captain’s body, and after a few seconds, the scratches and bruises on his skin dissipated.

Captain Qarat went down the arena. “This place is special. As you have noticed, just now, I used healing magic.” He stared straight into Austen’s eyes. “You can use it too, as long as you are inside this arena. It’s surprisingly easy, believe me.”

Austen was stunned.
Use magic? He never heard of something so convenient before. There would be an uproar if such an innovation was revealed to the Kingdom.

He looked at the other man from the slums. He, too, was gawking at what transpired. He gripped his metallic spear tight. It seemed that despite the shock, he was slowly coming to accept the things happening before his very eyes.

“Can I try it?” the man from the slums said.

Captain Qarat chuckled. “Of course.” He pointed at Austen. “You too. Go up there and try to fight them. Don’t worry, they won’t kill you.”

After the Captain vaguely explained to them how to use healing magic in this special area, the two of them – the newbies under probation – stepped inside the arena. As though the metallic monsters understood, two of them stepped forward and faced the humans.

Outside the arena, Captain Qarat shouted, “Ah, just so you know. There’s only one person who have won against them. And that’s Commander Anandra. So don’t worry about beating those things! Just think of them as sparring partners!”

Captain Qarat clapped his hands once. “Begin!”

That was the signal. The metallic monsters charged towards the new recruits. Their wooden spears split through the air and struck the bodies of the two humans.

Austen gnashed his teeth. Not even ten seconds had passed since the battle started and he was already sent flying by his opponent. He had the urge to vomit the food he ate just an hour ago.

Healing Magic! This special area enables us to use healing magic, right?!

With these thoughts, he focused all his mind into healing his wounds. Strangely enough, the entire hall seemed to have understood his intentions. The symbols on the stone pillars glowed and the wounds on his body started to heal on their own.

Austen gripped his spear tight. Now that he had been fully healed, he planned on getting revenge on the metallic bastard. He did not have to win. He just wanted to land even a single hit.

“This damn monster!” growled Austen.
With crude movements, Austen stabbed at the metallic monster with the spear. The creature easily evaded it and retaliated with a slash from above. Austen jumped to the side and rolled twice on the ground, but before he could even get back on his feet, he was once again struck by a spear to the stomach.

Austen vomited blood. His vision blurred.

Heal. Damn it. Heal!

The stone pillars responded to his will. After sucking a portion of his mana, his body regenerated. He dashed towards the metallic monster and once again attempted to land a single blow on its body. He stabbed, sliced, and pulled the spear.

Like an adult playing with a toddler, the metallic monster flicked away Austen’s spear, before sending a kick to his stomach. The pain lasted only for a second as Austen was starting to get used to using healing magic by now. The moment he was hit, he immediately cast the healing magic.

His sparring partner must have not expected Austen to heal himself immediately, since it simply stood there, its eyes emotionlessly gazing at him. Austen used this opening. He grabbed the shaft of his spear and like a javelin, threw it at his opponent. The metallic monster evaded by sidestepping and the spear struck nothing but the ground.

“Tsk. Damn it,” growled Austen.

The metallic creature dashed towards Austen and stabbed him thrice on his chest. Austen felt several of his ribs creak and break. His vision started blackening and he found it hard to breathe.

Heal!

Once again, he made use of this special area. Like the undead, Austen got back on his feet, grabbed the spear stabbed on the ground, and charged at the metallic monster once again.

Again. And again. And again.

Austen kept healing his body as soon as he was injured by his opponent. For some reason, his primal instinct wished to land even just a single blow to this metallic monster.

“H-Hey! That’s enough!”

Captain Qarat shouted.
But Austen healed himself and charged at his opponent once again. “STOP!”

Only after Qarat grabbed his hands and personally stopped him from recklessly charging again did Austen stop.
Looking around, Austen realized that everyone’s eyes were glued to him.

Some were even looking at him as though he was some monster.

“That’s enough,” said Captain Qarat.

Austen loosened his grip of the spear. He looked at the metallic monster.

Like before, the creature’s gaze was empty, as though it did not consider

Austen as an opponent at all.

“How many times did you use healing magic?” Captain Qarat looked conflicted.
Austen tried counting but failed.

Captain Qarat frowned. “I’ve lost count, but it’s definitely more than twelve times.”

Wasn’t it supposed to be like that? This was the purpose of this special area, right? Austen was about to ask what’s wrong when the Captain opened his mouth.

“Twelve times,” repeated the Captain. “An average soldier is capable of using healing magic for only two to three times.”
The Captain stared at him. “You… What are you?”

Chapter Three

Lark received news about the irregular. The soldier capable of using healing magic more than a dozen times. His interest piqued; he summoned the man into his room in the mansion.

“Young Master,” said a servant. “They’re here.” “Come in.”

Lark put down the document he was reading. Two men came into the room. One of them was Captain Qarat, a brown-skinned man wearing leather armor. The other one reminded Lark of a walking twig. He was tall but thin, and the tunic he was wearing had several holes in it. Judging by his sunken cheeks, cracked lips, and protruding eyes, this man had not eaten anything decent for the past several weeks.

“Is he the one?” Lark went straight to the point. Captain Qarat made a salute. “Yes, Young Lord.”

Under the scrutinizing gaze of Lark, the thin man shrank his shoulders. He tried to imitate the salute of the Captain but failed. “I… I’m Austen, Sir! It’s a pleasure to meet the Young Master!”

Despite stuttering, Austen managed to dish out a decent greeting. He tried his best to avoid the gaze of the Young Master. For some reason, the man’s pair of blue eyes felt eerie. It was looking at him as though he was some fine specimen.

There was a momentary silence.

Did he greet the noble the wrong way? For a moment, Austen was worried.

“Interesting,” Lark finally said, a smile forming on his lips. “Have you ever used magic before this?”
There was no need to think. Austen immediately shook his head. “No, Sir.”

“Then it’s probably inherent,” said Lark. “I heard you have several siblings? I want to meet them after this.”
Austen swallowed.

Why did the Young Master wish to see his brothers and sisters? Austen heard that all nobles had their own quirks and peculiarities. The worst possibilities started coming to his mind. He shivered at these thoughts.
The fear within Austen’s eyes were apparent. Lark reassured the aspiring soldier, “Don’t worry. I won’t harm the kids. I’ll just be… confirming a few things.”

Lark stood up and approached Austen. “Do not move.”

Lark touched Austen’s forehead, and immediately, something turbulent erupted within Austen’s chest. It was as though a plug within his chest had been removed, and a raging river suddenly flowed through. Austen felt queasy. He almost vomited on the carpeted ground.

The moment Lark removed his hand, the turbulent sensation vanished in an instant.
“What a lucky find,” mumbled Lark. He stared at Austen, his eyes glimmering with curiosity.

“Captain Qarat,” said Lark.

The Captain had been standing there quietly for some time now. “Young Master?”
“Remove this man from the military,” said Lark.

Austen flinched. He looked at Lark, then at Captain Qarat, then back at Lark.

There was a moment of hesitation, but Qarat eventually replied, “Understood.”
Like Gaston, the Captain had come to realize the greatness of the Young Master. The recent war with the beastmen have solidified this belief even further. He had come to learn not to question the Young Master’s orders.
“W-Wait!” Austen was flustered. “What do you mean, Young Master? I haven’t failed the assessment test yet! I haven’t given up yet!”

Lark gazed at him with eyes filled with understanding. “That’s not it. Ah, what was your name again?”
“Austen, Young Master.”

Lark smiled. “Austen,” he repeated. “Listen, you’ll be wasting your talent if you join the military.”

Austen shot a quizzical gaze. He could not understand what the Young Master was trying to convey.
“What do you mean, Sir?”
“You have innate talent in magic,” said Lark. “Well, to be precise, it’s not really talent… it’s more of potential.”
Austen was becoming more puzzled as time went by.

When Lark tried making contact with the flowing mana of Austen, he had come to learn of a couple of things. First, this man had never used magic before coming to this town. The impurities of his mana proved that. Second, this man had an incredibly large mana pool that surpassed even that of Lark’s. By the size of mana pool alone, this man should be able to cast one to two Grand Scale Magic on his own.

Lark did not know how the man came to possess such massive reserves, but back in the Magic Empire, there had been cases of people being born with larger than normal mana pool. He was probably among them.

Even if this man did not have a talent in casting magic, him learning even a simple fireball spell would boost Blackstone Town’s military might. After all, even such a simple spell would be lethal when backed by massive reserves of mana.

As such, it would be a waste for him to stay in the military without any proper guidance on using magic.
“Fifty silvers a month,” said Lark. “Plus your own house in the eastern border. How does that sound?”
Austen’s jaw slacked. What was happening? Was the young master trying to offer him a better job?
“Ah, sorry.” Lark realized that he had not explained enough. “Leave the military and become my apprentice instead. Fifty silvers a month is the starting salary. Of course, there’s room for a raise later on. How does that sound?”

Become the apprentice of the Young Master? The butler of this town held so much authority, how much more if one was a direct apprentice of the Lord? Not only that – the offered monthly salary was four times as those of the military.

Austen swallowed dry spit. He bobbed his head thrice. “If… If you’re alright with me! Then, yes, Young Master!”
“If you’re alright with me?” imitated Lark. He chuckled. “What a wonderful find, and he doesn’t seem conceited, which is a plus.”
Lark fumbled in his pockets and took out ten silvers. He handed it to Austen. “Here.”
Austen stared at the coins in his hand. “This is…”

“Pocket money,” said Lark. He frowned as he scrutinized Austen’s body. “You’re too thin. Gain some weight. Buy yourself some food and clothes. You can’t train with such an emaciated body.”

The so-called ‘pocket money’ was a massive amount. Austen could not believe he was receiving it just like that.
“Chantless magic is too advanced for a beginner,” said Lark. “We’ll start with the basics. Runes and hexagram formation. If we have time, or if you’ll learn fast enough, we’ll proceed with voice incantations.”
Lark tapped him on the shoulder. He grinned. “For now, go back home and rest. We’ll start the basic training tomorrow morning.”
***

[Golden Wheat City]

Lord Chase and all of his officials busily moved in preparation of the King’s arrival. Just a few hours ago, they received news that the King was coming here to personally inspect the state of Golden Wheat City, the Kingdom’s main source of wheat.

The streets where the convoy will pass through was swept clean, and soldiers lined up to form a barricade. Even off-duty soldiers were deployed to secure the protection of His Majesty.

Of course, this puzzled the citizens. Such tight security meant that the person coming was of a very high status. Was it one of the Dukes? Numerous rumors began spreading among the citizens.

Soon, the anticipated guests arrived. The entire convoy was heavily guarded by cavalries and knights.

When they saw the insignia of the Royal Family, everyone was stunned upon realizing that the King had personally come to inspect the city. The window of the cart slid open, and an old man started waving at the commoners.

It was a familiar face – the same face engraved on copper coins the residents use in their everyday lives.
“I-It’s the King!”
“The King has personally visited us!”

“Long live His Majesty!”

“Long live His Majesty!”

The curious murmurs from before quickly escalated into shouts of glee. Everyone was thrilled upon knowing that the King took the trouble of coming here despite the distance. After all, it would take at least a week by cart to arrive here from the Capital.

The soldiers, briefed beforehand that someone very important was going to come, successfully suppressed the eager crowd. The officials of Golden Wheat City were glad that the procession went perfectly well despite being notified only a few hours ago of the King’s arrival.
When the King arrived at the Lord’s Castle, dozens of officials were already waiting there.
“Greetings to Your Majesty,” the officials said in unison.

Most of the officials in this city were of common birth. To a majority of them, this was the first time they’ll be meeting someone from the Royal Family – and not just anyone! They were meeting the King himself! They could not help but stiffen from nervousness.

Lord Chase bowed his head. “Your Majesty, thank you for visiting Golden Wheat City. We’ve prepared a feast upon hearing of your arrival. This way, if you please.”

King Alvis had heard of Lord Chase’s feats before. A commoner who climbed the ranks of hierarchy and eventually became the Lord of a city. The same Lord who transformed the vast forests surrounding the city into wheat fields. The Lord who did not discriminate between commoners and nobles. The Lord who hired officials based on their abilities.

Truthfully speaking, if possible, he would have loved to include Lord Chase among the candidates for the throne. But that single decision would spark civil war in this Kingdom, and thus, the King decided to settle with just the children of the three Dukes.

“A feast, huh?” The King shook his head. “There’s no need for that. I’m only staying here for a short moment. I merely want to see with my own eyes the state of Golden Wheat City.”

It was understandable, since this city produced almost half of all the wheats in the Kingdom.
Lord Chase looked conflicted. If possible, he wanted the King to take a short rest. Eventually, he conceded, “As you wish, Your Majesty.”
“Bring the Knights. We’ll escort His Majesty,” Lord Chase said to the officials.

“Yes, my Lord!”

With over a dozen knights guarding the King, they went out of the City and inspected the fields. The King smiled refreshingly upon seeing the farmers working tirelessly.

“I’m glad this territory is untouched by the swarm,” said the King. “Those farmers worked very hard just for this moment, for the harvest season to arrive.”

Now, the farmers were reaping what they sow. Tons of wheats were being harvested each day in these fields.
Lord Chase nodded. He also liked this tranquility. The simple joy brought forth by peace.
“I have to thank His Majesty for that,” said Lord Chase. “If not for His Majesty, the swarm would have destroyed all the fields in Golden Wheat City.”

If they had been late even for just a day, all of these fields would have been dead by now. Whenever Lord Chase thought of that, shivers would crawl down his spine. Had the swarm consumed the fields, his people would have been on the brink of hunger by now.

“The swarm, huh?” said the King. He looked up and saw the clouds covering the sun. “There’s actually no need to thank this old man. After all, I merely copied the technique used by the Lord of Blackstone Town.”

Lord Chase’s eyes grew wide. Seeing this, the King nodded, “That’s right. It was not me nor the Ministry of Research who came up with the method to deal with the Black Famine.”

The King chuckled. “Living this long surely has its merits. Who would have known that the second son of Duke Drakus is so capable?”

Lord Chase immediately linked the pieces of the puzzle together. “Your Majesty… You mean to say that the method of killing the Black Famine came from… that person?”

King Alvis smiled. “Correct.”
Lord Chase’s eyes grew even wider.

The second son of Duke Drakus was quite famous. Lord Chase heard that that person was the devil incarnate – a vindictive noble who treated commoners like dirt. Last time he heard, that damnable kid was thrown away by his father to some remote village or town.
Out of all people, Lord Chase never expected that the method to kill the swarm came from him.
“Chase,” said the King. “In theory, if I were to give you five thousand soldiers to battle against a ten to fifteen thousand strong beastmen army, are you confident in winning?”

The question of the King caught Lord Chase off-guard.

“No, sir,” Chase shook his head. “Even if we have the same number of soldiers, victory’s still uncertain.”
“I thought so,” the King mumbled. He once again looked at the distance, his eyes radiating wisdom.
“You see, there’re actually two reasons why I came here,” said the King. “First is to see with my own eyes the status of Golden Wheat City. This is the lifeline of our Kingdom, after all.”

Chase silently listened.

“And second, I want to temporarily escape from all the politics in the Capital,” said the King. “I’m too old. I want to take a breather once in a while.”

Lord Chase smiled at this. He had not expected the King to confess that he was actually temporarily running away from his responsibilities as the King. Well, King Alvis was human too. He needed to take a break every now and then.

“You can stay here for as long as you like,” said Lord Chase. He resisted the urge to chuckle. “I’ll give word to the Capital that you’re inspecting the farmlands.”

“Hahaha!” The King heartily laughed. “If only you’re not of common birth, I would have made an exemption and thrown you into the competition for the throne!”

Lord Chase did not take offense at this. He knew the repercussions if they broke the tradition of the Kingdom – that only males of noble birth were
allowed to sit on the throne. Sparking a civil war right now would give the Empire and the Mullgray Islands a chance to swallow the Kingdom.
“I’m honored, but I would have to respectfully decline,” said Lord Chase. “I do not have any intentions of leaving Golden Wheat City. My people need me here, Your Majesty.”

The King already knew this, and it was not such a bad thing that a competent official was staying as the Lord of this very important region.

“Ah, by the way,” said King Alvis. “I’m turning sixty-five soon.”

The King’s eyes glimmered. Was it excitement? Lord Chase was not sure.

“Two months from now, on my sixty-fifth birthday, I plan on holding a grand celebration at the Capital. And Chase… I plan on inviting all twenty-eight candidates for the throne.”

Kalavinka, Lark, and Lui. These three candidates has piqued the King’s interest lately.
King Alvis chuckled mischievously. “It’ll be an interesting feast, don’t you agree?”

Chapter Four

The next day, Lark personally visited Austen’s abode: a recently finished stone house in the eastern border. It was still dawn when Lark knocked on the wooden door. The door creaked open after several seconds, and a child, probably nine or ten of age, peeked at the gap.

“Who are you?” she said, her eyes still puffy from sleep. “Is Austen there?” Lark smiled. “I’m here to pick him up.”

From inside the house, Lark heard a familiar voice. “Diana, who is it?”

The girl called Diana looked at the direction of the voice, then at Lark, then back. She hesitated for a moment before shouting, “Brother! Someone’s here to pick you up!”

“Pick me up?” Austen’s voice was filled with uncertainty.

After he looked at the gap through the door, he momentarily froze. “Y-Young Master?!”
“Eh?” Diane was bewildered. She heard last night that the Young Master personally offered her brother the chance to become his apprentice – with an absurdly high salary of fifty silvers a month plus a free house.

The two siblings never expected the Young Master to personally visit them.

Lark gazed at Diane. Unfortunately, unlike her brother, the traces of mana within her was miniscule, same as those of ordinary people.

“Can I come in?” said Lark.

This brought Austen back to reality. “Ah, of course! Please!”

When Lark entered, he was immediately greeted by the curious gazes of several kids. He noticed that one of them was lying at the far back, his body filled with numerous injuries. Upon seeing him, Lark’s eyes momentarily glimmered. From that kid, Lark could feel decent traces of mana.

The other kids are ordinary, but this one… he might also have the potential.

“Ah, please have a seat!” said Austen.

Austen busily moved about and prepared a cup of tea.

“No need to be so stiff.” Lark waved a hand. “How long has it been since he’s like this?”
Austen followed the line of sight of the Young Master and looked at the second oldest child, George, lying on the ground. He frowned. “Half a year? It’s been quite some time since he lost the ability to move his limbs.”
George’s body was hastily wrapped in bandages, traces of blood and pus leaking out here and there. Lark was sure that such treatment would only aggravate the kid’s condition. It was no wonder he was unable to recover from his sickness.

Lark crouched and stared at George’s eyes. Surprisingly, the kid did not avert his gaze. Lark chuckled. Those were the eyes of someone blazing with ambition.

“George, is it?” said Lark.

The dark-skinned kid wrapped in bandages nodded his head.

“This will be a bit uncomfortable, the same method I used to assess your brother.” Lark touched George’s forehead. “Bear with it for a while.”

On cue, a turbulent sensation flowed through George’s entire body. It was as though a river suddenly gushed out and flooded everything. If he was not disabled, he would have squirmed around in agony.

Lark pulled out his hand and the sensation vanished in an instant. He looked at Austen. The tall young man had been worriedly looking at them since the assessment started.

“It seems that your brother also has the same potential,” said Lark. “Crude gemstones that need to be refined and polished. Truly, what a find.”

Lark breathed in. “First, the wounds.”

He touched the chest of George, and a magic circle formed underneath the kid’s body. Numerous symbols span around, emitting an azure hue.
“Hey kid,” said Lark. “I’m also taking you under my wing after this. The payment will be the same as your brother’s. How about it?”

George was still stunned speechless when he suddenly found himself surrounded by a magic circle. Although he did not fully understand what the Young Master was trying to convey, he simply bobbed his head.
Lark grinned. “Good.”

He channeled mana into the magic formation and George’s body started to regenerate on its own. The wounds closed and the bruises dissipated.
Unable to feel pain any longer, George started to move his limbs. His eyes widened to the point of popping out upon seeing them move according to his will.

“Magic’s really convenient, isn’t it?” Lark winked. “Can you stand?”

George gulped down. He slowly stood up, his body quivering upon realizing that he had been fully healed.
“Is there anyone among you who can read or write?” asked Lark, just in case.
As expected, there was none.

“Melody’s time is limited, so I’ll be taking only George and Austen with me for now,” said Lark. “As for the rest of you, you can come to the Mansion if you wish to seek a job.”

The smaller kids nodded.

“As for you two,” Lark pointed at Austen and George. “We’ll proceed at a snail’s pace if you’re unable to read nor write. We’ll fix that.”

“Then… the Young Master’s teaching us?” said George.

“Magic, yes,” said Lark. “But for how to read and write, it’ll be Melody’s task.”
The two of them did not have an idea of who Melody was, but she seemed capable since the Young Master was confident of her skills. Excitement surged through their bodies.

Austen froze. He remembered their financial situation.

“But we don’t have money to pay for—,” said Austen.

“—It’s free,” interjected Lark. “Don’t worry about it and just focus on your studies. And since it’ll be considered part of your training, you’ll still be paid fifty silvers each once the month ends.”

It was a mouth-watering offer. The two could not believe their luck.

“You have a week to learn how to read and write. Even just the basics will be fine. You’ll need to be able to at least read the runes and symbols during hexagram formation and magic incantations.”

Austen and George looked at each other. There was no need to ponder over this offer any further.
“Thank you.” Austen was the first to bow his head. Seeing this, all of his siblings followed suit and also bowed their heads. “We’ll do your best not
to disappoint you, Sir.”

Lark liked the humility shown by these kids. He also heard from Captain Qarat that Austen did not give up until the end when he fought against the humanoids made from the soul of the basilisk. Humility. Perseverance.

There was also the fact that Austen went to this town to grab the opportunity to provide a better life for his family.

“Young Master?” George hesitated for a moment. “Can I ask you a question?”
“Go ahead,” said Lark.

“After we learn to read and write… once we start learning magic from you… is it possible for me to do that too?” George’s voice trailed off.

“Do what?” said Lark.

“Healing magic.” George stared straight into Lark’s eyes.

Those fierce eyes reminded Lark of Leanne, his very first disciple back in his previous life. He could not help but smile. “Of course.”
George clenched his fists.

“But the path will not be easy,” said Lark. “There’s also the chance that you won’t learn a single spell even after a long time passed. It depends on talent, luck, and of course, perseverance.”

Austen and George nodded. “We’ll do our best.”

“Good,” said Lark. “Let’s go to the Mansion. I’ll introduced you to The Scholar.”
***

Upon arriving at the Mansion, Lark was immediately greeted by a panic-stricken Gaston. The old man immediately ran towards Lark the moment he saw him, his face filled with beads of sweat.

“What happened?” Lark frowned.

The old man huffed. “Y-Young Master! Someone’s here to see you!

Who could it be? Who was important enough to cause Gaston to act like this? This butler was usually stoic, his every movement an embodiment of calmness. But now, he was quivering as though he saw something really frightening.

Was it the beastmen?
No, impossible. Lark made sure to periodically check the surrounding regions using the vision crystal. There should be no beastmen army nearby.
Then, was it someone from the Marcus Family? For a moment, Lark pondered on how he should react upon meeting him. He knew very little about the original owner of this body, after all.

As Lark was pondering on who the visitor was, the old man said, “T-The Sword Saint! One of the two Sword Saints of the Kingdom has come!”

“Alexander,” the name of the visitor escaped Lark’s lips. That man was so famous that even Lark, who had been here in this era for less than a year, knew him.

The two kids behind Lark looked at each other. Even Austen and George could not believe that a Sword Saint had come to visit the Young Master.

“You,” Lark said to a servant nearby. “Guide these two to where Melody is. She should know what to do with them.”
“Yes, Young Master,” the servant bowed. “This way please.”

With the servant leading the way, Austen and George climbed the stairs leading to the second floor, eventually disappearing from sight.
“So, what did the Sword Saint come here for?” Lark had an idea why, but he wanted to ask just to be sure.

“He said something about a letter he received several months ago.” Gaston was clearly puzzled. “He told me that he’s here to meet its owner.”

As expected, the Sword Saint came here because of that.

“I see,” said Lark. “Lead the way.”

A bit nervous, the butler led the Young Master towards where the Sword Saint was. Along the way, Gaston tried to warn Lark, “Sir, Sword Saint Alexander never abides by the rules of the Kingdom. Please do your best not to get on his bad side.”

“What do you mean?” said Lark.

Gaston hesitated. “He has killed several nobles before. Two years ago, he killed Baron Fosler after witnessing him beat several farmers to death. But since he’s a monster, the Kingdom never tried to arrest him. There’s also the fact that he always participates during large scale wars with the neighboring countries despite being retired. That’s why the Kingdom can’t touch him.”

“Killed several nobles, huh?” said Lark. “Interesting.”
They finally arrived at the room.

“I’ll be fine on my own,” said Lark. “I’ll call you if something comes up.”

Gaston frowned before bowing his head. “Please take care. I’ll be waiting here just in case.”
“Relax.” Lark tapped the old man’s shoulder. “There’s no need to be too stiff.”
Lark knocked on the door, twisted the knob, and entered the room. While closing the door, he stared at the old man sitting on the wooden couch.

As expected of a Sword Saint, the old man’s presence could be hardly felt at all. It was as though he was not there.
The Sword Saint gently placed the wooden tea cup on the table. With a raspy voice, he said, “I’ve got to give my thanks. I’ve been having a hard time trying to think of ways to drive away those beastmen.”

It seemed that Master Alexander was sure that the letter came from Lark.

Lark decided not to play around and pretend he was uninvolved in the matter. He sat down on the opposite couch. “What happened to the retreating beastmen?”

Although Lark had seen the clash between the retreating beastmen and Alexander’s army via the vision crystal, he pretended to be oblivious of the outcome. There was no need to reveal all his cards, after all.

“We’ve killed around half of them,” said Alexander. His sword rested on his shoulder. “They shouldn’t be coming back to invade the Kingdom anytime soon.”

Lark almost creased his brows. He was sure that they killed way more than half of the retreating beastmen army. When the clash ended, there was only around a thousand beastmen who managed to escape. Magic Poisoning played a major role, but the monstrous strength of this old man was pivotal.

“I’m glad then.” Lark proceeded with pleasantries. “Thank you. I’ve been worried that those guys will come and invade this town again.”

For the first time, the old man smiled. He chuckled. “You’re a cheeky one, aren’t you? Those eyes. You’re one shrewd fox. You know fully well that those guys aren’t going to come back.”

Lark was finding this old man hard to read. For now, he did not want to become his enemy. Lark cordially smiled. “Of course not. How would a
mere Lord like me know?”

Alexander sighed, “I didn’t expect the kid I carried in my arms ten years ago to grow up like this. You’ve become very shrewd like your father. I can’t believe it.”

What? For a moment, Lark was stunned. He never expected such words to come out of the Sword Saint’s mouth.
“That’s right,” said Alexander. “You must have forgotten about it, but I took care of you when you were a child. You see, your mother and father were my former students when I was still teaching in the Magic Academy.”
It was a stunning revelation. He did not expect someone related to the original Lark to suddenly show up in front of him like this, even more so one of the two Sword Saints of the Kingdom. The Living Sword, The Mercenary Guild Master, Alexander.

“But let’s not talk about that. It’s been several years, after all. And it’s not like you still remember that time.” Alexander fumbled inside his coat and took out a folded parchment. “I’m here for a different matter.”

He slid the letter towards Lark. “Here. It’s supposed to be sent via a messenger from the city, but since I’m coming here anyway, I took it upon myself to deliver it.”

Lark unfolded the parchment and read the letter.

Lark’s eyes momentarily shook. “The King’s birthday?”

Alexander nodded. “As thanks for helping me drive away those beastmen, let me give you this crucial piece of information.”
Lark silently listened.

“The King invited all candidates for the throne – all twenty-eight of them,” said Alexander. “You’ve built some terrible reputation for yourself, kid. Most of them will be your enemies, and some may even target your life.”
And there were also those people the original Lark trampled on in the past. Lark was pretty sure that they would love to get back on him once given the chance.

“I see,” Lark slowly said. “This is useful information, indeed. Thank you.”

The letter did not indicate that the other candidates were coming as well. It was better that Lark knew this beforehand. Lark then remembered that time when he was targeted by the assassin sent by Duke Kelvin.
Master Alexander stood up. He fixed his robe. “The tea was delicious. It’s been a long time since I drank something as good as that.”
“You’re going back to Lion City?” said Lark.

Master Alexander shook his head. “No. Yolkshaire Fortress. The Empire started to move. War might break out any time in the Western Region.”

The Western Front was far from here. Even if a full-scale war erupted, it would not really affect Lark’s domain. But of course, if the Kingdom horribly loses and the Empire crosses over, it’ll be a different matter.

“I’ll be going then.” Master Alexander went towards the door. “This trip has been worthwhile. I’m glad to see that you’ve grown up a lot.”

From those words, Lark felt considerable warmth. He bowed his head. “It’s been a pleasure meeting you.” He looked at the letter on his hand. “As for the invitation… I’ll think about it.”

Master Alexander’s eyes shook for a brief moment. “You’re rejecting the invite?”
Lark lightly scratched his cheek. “There’s still a lot of things I need to do here, you see. And recently, I found crude gemstones I need to polish.”

“Crude gemstones, huh?” said the Sword Master. “Power is just a fleeting haze. A title. A name. But that haze will give you enough leeway and lift several burdens off your shoulders. Think about it. If possible, come to the King’s birthday.”

“I will keep that in mind, Sir.”

Master Alexander stared at Lark. The little kid he used to carry back then had really grown a lot. For a moment, he wondered whether the decision of his former student, Duke Drakus, was wrong. Maybe it was a mistake to exile this young man to this town, after all?

With those thoughts in mind, Master Alexander left Blackstone Town.

Chapter Five

For the past few days, Lark kept pondering about the King’s invite. He knew he needed to decide soon, since the journey towards the Capital would take at least several weeks by cart. If he dallied any longer, he would miss the chance to attend the crown’s invite.

He sighed. If he went to the Capital, he would be gone for more than a month. That was a lot of time, especially when considering the fact that he had just began developing the town. This place needed an overseer, someone to guide the people to the prosperous path.
“I can’t decide,” he sighed. He had grown attached to this town.

The brothers with monstrous mana pools had started to grasp the basics of reading and writing. Very soon, they’ll be eligible to learn hexagram formation and magic incantations. Lark could not wait to see if they have even an ounce of talent in magic.

Lark looked out the window of his room. It was almost dusk. Looking carefully, he could see the citizens walking on the streets, their bodies no longer skin and bones.

Those smiles after a tiring day at work.

The merry chatters of children as they played.

Lark had this urge to protect it all.

Was he just being possessive? Maybe. But the reason did not really matter.

What mattered was what he wished for this town, for these people.

I should probably talk to them. It might help me arrive at an answer.

After some more pondering, this was the conclusion Lark arrived to.

Lark rummaged through his closet and took out the most ordinary clothes he could find. After donning them, he looked at the mirror on the wall of his room. The silver hair of those from the Marcus Family would stick out like a sore thumb once he went out of the Mansion.

An ordinary face should do.

Mana oozed out of Lark’s body. A magic rune appeared underneath his feet, which quickly broke into numerous particles of light. Soon, his face morphed into someone else’s – a man in his middle thirties with brown stubbles. His cheeks were sunken, giving him the appearance of someone
who had not eaten anything for a couple of days. Although he looked emaciated, it was the typical face seen on the streets in any towns or cities. A perfectly ordinary face.

“Good.”

Lark was proud of the face he created himself. He took out a silver coin from his purse, jumped out of the window, and left the Mansion.
He casually strolled the streets, observing the residents walking past by.

Who would have known that several months ago, these people were dying of hunger and cold? That several months ago, this town reeked of dirt and death.

“Hey, it’s about time.”

“It’s that time of the day, huh?”

Lark was wondering why the locals suddenly stopped in their tracks when suddenly, the kalrane stones on top of the wooden posts lit up. Their azure hues immediately illuminated the night.

Lark witnessed his subjects gazing at the gemstones, their eyes filled with awe and pride. Even the children playing on the streets gawked at the glowing lights.

“It’s lit! Time to go back!”

“Hey, wait for me!”

“I promised to help big sis in the kitchen!”

The children of Blackstone Town – and even the adults – used these lights as the signal for the start of the night. The kids started going back home, while the adults started preparing dinner. Workers from the mines started entering the tavern nearby.

Investing a large amount of kalrane stones for the town was the right choice, after all.
Lark smiled. With a silver coin in his hand, he entered the tavern nearby.

Surprisingly, the tavern was almost full by the time Lark arrived. Boisterous laughter and chatters were heard as the smell of alcohol permeated the air. Although the owner of the tavern was filled with sweat as he served the customers, a satisfied smile was plastered on his face.

“Hey, did you hear about Arthus?”
“Of course! That damn bastard! I saw it! That guy found a large piece of Kalrane stone in the fifth area!”
“Speaking of the devil. Hey, over here! You earned three silvers today right? It’s your treat!”

Numerous gazes filled with envy followed the man who just entered the tavern. Lark found this cute. An amusing sight. Soon, laughter once again filled the area. In a way, this busy tavern was a reflection of the development of the town. It goes to show that his subjects had enough money to splurge and enjoy themselves every now and then.

Lark sat next to the counter. He slid a silver coin on the counter top. With a deep voice, he said, “Old man, a tombstone beer.”
The old man – the owner of the tavern – frowned. He looked at Lark with judging eyes. Lark looked like someone who barely ate for the past few days, after all. And now, he was here buying alcohol.

The tavern owner filled a tankard with tombstone beer, the cheapest beer in the house. He placed it in front of Lark with a loud thud. “Here you go, sir.”

“Business is going really well these days, eh?” Lark gulped down half of the beer in an instant.
“I haven’t seen you before.” The old man started wiping the mugs. “From Lion City?”
Lark nodded. “Trying my luck. I heard the salary of a soldier here’s good?” “Eleven silvers. And that’s not including the free rent.”

Lark pretended to be surprised upon hearing this. “Wow. The Lord of this town must really be some rich bastard, huh? To be splurging so much money for the military,” he chuckled.

The tavern owner froze. The chatters around them slowly died down. It became eerily quiet and Lark could feel numerous gazes on him.

“You’re from Lion City, so you may not understand,” the tavern owner slowly said. “Just remember, lad. Not all rumors are true.”

“What do you mean?” Lark pretended to be oblivious of the gazes on him. “You’ll realize the meaning of my words. Soon.”

After drinking in the tavern, Lark roamed the town for a while. Due to the gemstones illuminating the night, there were still a lot of people outside.
Lark saw Captain Qarat. Lark approached the brown-skinned man wearing leather armor. “Soldier.”
The Captain took a step back upon smelling the alcohol reeking from Lark’s mouth. “Sir?”

“Are there any affordable inns nearby?”

Captain Qarat pondered for a moment, his hands embracing the bag filled with bread on his chest. With his free hand, he pointed at a distant cabin. “That one is pretty cheap, but I won’t recommend it because of how bad the food is. But if you’re simply looking for a place to stay for the night, it should be good enough.”

Lark liked how polite the Captain was, despite his current drunkard appearance. It was the befitting attitude of a soldier tasked to protect the town.

“How much is it?” said Lark.

“Around fifteen coppers a night?” said Captain Qarat. “I’m not really sure.”

“For a shabby-looking inn, that’s damn expensive.” Lark clicked his tongue. “They might as well rob me clean while they’re at it, right?”
Captain Qarat frowned. Fifteen coppers was actually a fair price, but he chose to just shut his mouth. There was no need for unnecessary squabble, after all.

The Captain was about to leave when the drunkard started telling him a story.
“I’m from Lion City, you see. Ran away from home. I told them I’ll make some money in this town. Start over again.” The dark circles around Lark’s eyes made everything more believable. “I’m starting to wonder… Maybe I shouldn’t have come? Maybe I should have just stayed in the city and just stuck with my previous job.”

Captain Qarat looked at him with eyes filled with understanding. “You have kids in Lion City?”

Lark nodded. “Three of them.”

“I see.” Captain Qarat paused for a moment. “I’m not as wise as the Young Master but… Mister. We only regret the decisions we didn’t take. Right now, you have no way of knowing if your decision is right or wrong, and that’s perfectly fine.”
The Captain added, “Do not be too hard on yourself. Alcohol is not the answer. You’ll eventually realize if your decision is right. You can choose what to do by then. For now, focus on what’s in front of you, Mister.”
Lark did not expect such words to come out of the Captain’s mouth. He could still remember several months ago when the Captain first applied for the military. That young sprout has indeed grown splendidly.
“The Mansion gives out free wheat porridge in the morning. If you don’t have enough money, I suggest you take advantage of this. I heard that once harvest season ends, they’ll stop giving away the free porridge.”

The soldier lightly bowed his head. “I’ll be off then. Have a good night, Sir.”
Lark watched as the Captain turned into a corner and disappeared from sight.

“We only regret the decisions we didn’t take, huh? Cheeky brat.” Lark looked at the gemstones illuminating the night. It somehow reminded him of when he still lived in the Magic Empire. “These subjects of mine... it seems that they’ll do just fine even if I’m gone for a couple of months.”

After conversing with them, Lark finally came to a conclusion. They were no longer the feeble people from before.
“In the end, they’re all just useless worries.” Lark smiled. He was a bit more confident now in temporarily leaving the town in Gaston’s hands.

The next day, Lark summoned Gaston, Anandra, the Mason, and the other important figures of Blackstone Town. The two brothers – Austen and George – were also included.

Lark went straight to the point. “I’m being summoned by the crown. I’ll be gone for a few months.”
Gaston was the most flustered about this. The old man stuttered, “What, what do you mean, Young Master?”
Lark handed the old man the letter given to him by the Sword Master.

After reading through the letter, the old man’s hands trembled. He mumbled, “From the King… an invite from His Majesty!”
Everyone heard the butler.

“Silver Claw,” said Lark.

“Young Master.” The Mason stepped forward.
Lark handed a stack of papers to him. “Here are the plans for the development of the town. While I’m gone, I want you to coordinate with Gaston. We’ll try to provide you will all the necessary funds and people.”
The Mason started reading the blueprint. After flipping through the third page, he froze. He squinted for a moment then stared at Lark.

The Young Master flashed a grin. “Just do it.” The Mason sighed, “I understand.” “Gaston.”

The butler broke out of his trance, “Young Master!”

“About the middle-grade potions we’re supposed to deliver each month,” said Lark. “You know what to do while I’m gone, right?”
The butler nodded his head. “Yes, Young Lord.”

“Good.” Lark was satisfied with the answers of his men. “Anandra, Austen, George. The three of you will come with me.”

Anandra seemed to have expected this, as he simply bowed his head in response. The other two, on the other hand, looked at each other, their eyes filled with surprise.

Seeing this, Lark said, “You want to learn magic, right? I can’t teach you if I’m at the Capital.”
After stating the obvious, Lark added, “You’ll still be paid the salaries we agreed upon. I heard from Melody that you’ve learned a little bit on how to read and write. That should be enough for now.”

The blonde woman who had been teaching the soldiers bobbed her head at Lark’s remark.
“We depart tomorrow,” Lark said to the trio. “Ready your luggage. We’ll leave at dawn.”
Anandra silently bowed his head, while the other two hesitatingly said yes.

“Young Master…” Gaston’s words trailed off. “The Duke… and your elder brother. There’s a great chance that they’ll also be there.”
“I know,” said Lark.

It would not be surprising if they would come into contact with each other in the Capital. After all, even he, the trash of his family, was invited by His Majesty. His elder brother, the pride of the Kingdom, would surely also be invited by the crown.
“Then, I think it would be best if I go with you?” suggested the old man.

“Rejected.” Lark immediately shot the idea down. “If the two of us leave at the same time, what will happen to this town?”

“But—”

“—Enough,” said Lark. “I’ll be fine. It’s not like they’ll be more fearsome than those beastmen, right?”
The butler remembered the time they clashed with the Third Legion. Indeed, compared to that, meeting with Lark’s old man and his older brother would seem trivial.

Lark placed his hand on the shoulder of Gaston. He gently smiled. “I’ll come back as soon as I can, so take care of this town for me while I’m gone.”

The old man started to become emotional. The Capital was far, so he would not see the Young Master for at least two months. He willed his tears back.

“U-Understood, Young Master! This butler shall do his best in managing the territory while the Young Master is away!”
“That’s the spirit!” Lark chuckled.

He was confident that this old man would manage the territory well. He started thinking about the summon of the crown.
Why did the King invite him now, of all times?

Chapter Six

News spread like wildfire. The citizens of Blackstone Town learned that Lark was leaving for the Capital. When Mikael heard this, he immediately made preparations to come with him. He left his work at the mines and applied as a coachman. Unfortunately, this was rejected by the butler. It seemed that the Young Master’s entourage had been decided already several days ago.

I cannot fail His Majesty.

Mikael decided to continue monitoring this candidate no matter what. If he was unable to come with them, then he just needed to follow their group from a safe distance. It will be hard, but the retired knight was resolute on doing at least this much.

The day of departure finally came. Lark’s entourage consisted of Austen, George, Anandra, four servants, and six guards. Lark knew that they had to keep up with appearances, that’s why he did not reject Gaston’s offer of renovating the carriages and bringing several servants and guards with him. The three carriages going to the Capital all had the symbol of the Marcus Family engraved on it: a golden rose and a silver shield.

After giving his instructions to the officials of Blackstone Town for one last time, their group moved out of the town. Mikael, riding a horse he rented using an extravagant amount from one of the visiting merchants, quickly followed from a safe distance.

Lark’s group stayed in Lion City for only a day. After getting out of the City, they passed by the Lake of the Full Moon. A large building, which somehow resembled a castle, was being built a good distance away from the Lake. Hundreds of soldiers armed to the teeth were garrisoned there.

“Is that a castle?” George asked his older brother, Austen. The two of them, along with Anandra, was inside the carriage of Lark.
“Obviously.” Austen stared out the window. He gazed at the soldiers stationed there. “But why are they building something like that here? In the wilderness?”

Lark did not bother to explain despite knowing the reason. He simply sat there, gazing at the scenery outside. He heard of the incident from Big
Mona: the night when tens of thousands of monsters emerged from the lake and killed the soldiers nearby.
Even from this place, he could feel the absurdly large amount of mana from the center of the lake. The amount of mana was so humungous that Lark was unable to estimate how many monsters were residing in the lake.

Let’s just hope that the mana belongs to several monsters. Otherwise…

Lark looked at the castle being built. It would not protect them if by any godforsaken chance that mana actually belonged to a single entity. Even Lark was not confident on winning against such a monster. Well, there was also the option of running away..

Several days passed and they arrived at another city, a very small one that was around five times the size of Blackstone Town. This place looked mediocre compared to Lion City – one of the major cities of the Kingdom. Lark’s group stayed there for a night, restocked their rations, then resumed their journey to the Capital.

The journey thus far had been uneventful – until they arrived at a village next to a small river.
Lark actually had no intention of stopping by this place, but his curiosity was piqued when he saw the tower at the center of the village.

“We’re staying here for the night,” said Lark. “Stop the carts.”

The servants and the soldiers looked at him quizzically. There was still a couple of hours before dusk, after all. There was no need to camp in this village.

Lark, followed by his men, entered the village. The residents curiously went out of their houses to peek at Lark’s group.
“Welcome.” An old man holding a walking stick stepped forward. “What can I do for you, sirs?”
Since Lark was going to meet His Majesty at the Capital, his clothes were more gaudy than usual. There was no way for the residents of this village to mistake him for something other than a noble.

“A place to stay for the night.” Lark looked around. He saw several children flinch and scurry away upon making eye contact.
“The best inn in the village, of course.” The old man nodded his head. “If you would let this old man lead you there.”
With the old man taking the lead, they entered a rundown inn. There were cobwebs on the walls, the tables were filled with dust, and the owner sitting at the counter was passed out drunk.

The old man scratched his cheeks in embarrassment. He faked a cough then shook the shoulder of the drunkard. When the man showed no signs of waking up, the old man started slapping his face.

“Oww!” The owner groaned, “What the hell’s your problem, old man?!”

“Stupid son!” The old man clicked his tongue. “We finally have customers, idiot!”
That statement broke the drunkard from stupor. He immediately stood up straight, coughed twice, and said, “Ah, dear customers! Welcome! Ninety coppers a night per person. If with dinner, it’ll be a silver and twenty coppers each!”

A total rip off. Lark and everyone else knew this.

Seeing their expressions, the drunkard played his trump card. “We’re the only inn in this village, honorable sirs.”
“Young Master,” said one of the guards. “We still have a few hours before dusk. If we speed up a little, maybe we can reach the plains next to the hills. Camping there is a lot better than staying in this place.”

The others agreed with this. They were infuriated that the villagers were outright scamming them.

On the contrary, Lark remained calm. He did not come here for the inn or the village anyway. He came here for that: the thing standing at the center of this village.

“We’re staying here for the night.” Lark placed several silver coins on the countertop. “Prepare the dinner. Immediately.”
The owner of the inn gulped after seeing the silver coins. He immediately scooped it up, as though afraid the noble would take it back. “Of course! Right away!” His breath still reeked of alcohol.

After dinner, Lark donned his cloak and stealthily moved out of the inn. It was late in the evening and everything was pitch black in this village, unlike in Blackstone Town where kalrane stones illuminated the night. All of the villagers here were already inside their houses.
Lark walked towards the center of the village, towards the towering structure he saw from the outside.
As I thought.

The towering structure made entirely of stone had numerous symbols engraved on its body. It reminded Lark of the healing pillars he created in the Arena.

Lark tried touching it, but a force blocked his fingers. A barrier was protecting this tower.
Who made this tower? Why was this inside the village? There were a lot of questions he wanted to ask.

And though answering one of his questions, a ball of lightning formed on top of the tower, before shooting towards the direction of the forest. Lark heard a faint yelp afterwards.

Lark amplified his body with mana and ran towards the direction of the sound. He skidded to a halt and stared at a scorched corpse.

It was a familiar monster. Despite its scorched body, Lark was sure of it. “A goblin.”

Lark heard rustling sounds, and soon, three goblins came out. They shrieked upon seeing their dead comrade. Their eyes murderously glared at Lark.

Lark was about to pull out his short sword when three streaks of light flew by and struck the goblins. It all happened in an instant. Three scorched bodies fell down limp and lifeless on the ground.

Lark looked at the dead bodies, then at the tower at the center of the village.

This was an incredibly advanced form of defensive magic. Something Lark was unable to create in Blackstone Town due to the lack of materials.

When the morning came, Lark asked the inn owner about the tower at the center of the village.
“The Wizzert Tower!” The drunkard was really proud. “That tower protects us from the monsters of the forest, you see. It could kill even a dire wolf in a single hit.”

Austen, George, and Anandra silently listened to the conversation. They did not expect the tower at the center of the village to hold such power.
“Wizzert Tower,” repeated Lark. He did not expect a tower which resembled those used in the Magic Empire to be in a small village like this one.

“It’s been five years, huh?” The inn owner reminisced, “Five years ago, the Wizzert City expanded its domain. It offered protection to the villages and towns near its perimeter in exchange of taxes. Although we’re required to give a large portion of our hunt and harvest to the City, it’s nothing compared to the safety offered to us by the Tower.”

The inn owner added a useless story, “I used to be a guard in this village, you see. But after the Tower was built here, monsters no longer were a threat. That’s why I used what little money I have left to establish this inn.”
You’re going to have to close the inn soon, at this rate. Lark controlled the urge to tell him this outright.
Demanding an exorbitant amount for a night was bad business sense on his part. Other visitors would definitely rather camp outside than pay such ridiculous amount. Lark and his group were an exemption, since Lark wanted to look at the tower up close.

While the inn owner was busy telling his life’s story, Lark looked at the map of the Kingdom in his hand. They were supposed to pass through the City of Norfolk on their way to the Capital instead of Wizzert City, but after hearing of the origin of this tower, Lark decided to take the latter route. It would take them an additional half a day by taking this detour, but Lark wanted to see this so-called City of Magic no matter what.

In a way, paying this exorbitant amount for the inn was worth the while. Lark had come to learn a few things about the tower at the center of this village. One thing was for sure – whoever created it was no simple magician.

Lark decided to pass by the City of Magicians.

***

At the same time, Mikael attentively watched over Lark and his group from a distance. He camped outside, away from the range of the tower.
“Another one?” he sighed. From the shrubberies, a goblin leapt towards him, shrieking, its hands holding a wooden club.
Mikael sidestepped and swiftly cut the head of the goblin. Its shrieking sound died in an instant.
The retired knight swung his sword in the air, removing the blood clinging to it, before sheathing it back into the scabbard. Around him, several dead bodies of goblins were scattered on the ground.

“I guess I have to sleep on the trees again, huh?”

It was the best place to monitor Lark’s group and at the same time, it conferred a certain degree of protection from the monsters on the ground.

If only the forests of the Kingdom were as peaceful as the Endless Forest, he would not be struggling this much.
Mikael climbed the highest tree nearby and sat on a thick branch. He grabbed a meat jerky from his bag and opened his water flask. After eating his ration, he amplified his eyes with mana.

Lark and his men were currently outside the inn, preparing for their departure for the next city.
While monitoring the candidate, Mikael froze.

Did he…

It was for a short moment, but it felt like Mikael and the throne candidate locked eyes with each other.

Mikael shook his head.

Impossible.

He was currently far away enough that it would be impossible to detect his presence.

After that brief eye contact, the candidate continued with his conversation with his men like usual. It seemed that it was a mere coincidence, after all.

“They’re moving out, huh?”

After seeing Lark and his men boarding the carriages, Mikael jumped down the tree and untethered his horse.

Chapter Seven

[Wizzert City]

Chryselle, her red hair covered by her cloak, sighed as she stared at the monument at the Central Plaza. A stone tablet left behind by the magicians who established Wizzert City – the stone tablet containing the puzzle left unsolved for centuries.

Her father, grandfather, and the previous house heads of the Malvar Family

– none of them were able to decipher this puzzle. None were able to figure out the meaning behind the symbols of the incomplete magic formation. She read words written at the bottom of the stone tablet.
The true flow of mana will be revealed to the one who uncovers this truth. A simple yet mysterious line.

According to the scholars who analyzed these texts, the creator of the tablet was pertaining to the origin of all spells. The magic formation without flaws. The most fundamental hexagram formation.

According to theories, the magic formations used in this age was crude, with several flaws yet to be revealed by magicians. They said that if people were able to solve this puzzle, it would lead to a new age of magic. An age where people would be able to cast spells with the least amount of mana possible. An age where common people would be able to cast even the most complex of spells.

“So, this is where you are.”

Chryselle did not need to turn around to know the owner of the voice. “Staring at the puzzle again, huh?”

The voice was warm, as though it wanted nothing but the best for this young woman.

“Brother, I’m leaving for the Capital soon.” Chryselle’s crimson eyes shook for a moment. “I want to see it before I leave. For one last time.”

Chryselle, despite her young age, was among the Elders of Wizzert City – the City of Magic. Several days ago, she received a letter from His Majesty: an invitation for the sixty-fifth birthday of King Alvis.

Her brother, the current Master of the City, ruffled Chryselle’s hair. “Look at this kid! Didn’t I tell you that there’s no need for you to go? You can just
ignore that old man! It’s not as if the Royal Family can touch us, right?”

Chryselle did not like this arrogance. “Brother, there will be repercussions if you ignore the summons of the Crown.”

His brother, who was also wearing a hood to cover his face, chuckled, “Repercussions? Like what?”
He wrapped his arm around Chryselle’s shoulder. “Listen, my cute little sister. We have more than enough power to annihilate all the Royal Knights of the Capital. Those so-called Royal Court Magicians? They’re nothing but sprouts, students originating from this land. They can’t touch us.”

It was true. Chryselle knew this more than anyone.

“That’s why my genius little sister does not really need to answer the summons if she doesn’t want to.”
Chryselle held back a scowl after hearing the word ‘genius.’

To her, just the title alone felt disgusting. After all, it was a title granted to her by the Elders after her discovery of the towers. The towers capable of using mana from the surroundings and convert it into offensive magic.
Contrary to what people knew, Chryselle was not the one who invented those things. She was simply lucky enough to find an ancient blueprint from a lost era.

She was not a genius. For her, she was nothing but a liar, a fraud.

“I will come to the Capital,” she said resolutely. “It’s not like you, the Master of the City, can go, right?”
Her brother smiled wryly. There was no way for him to leave for the Capital and answer the summons of the Crown right now. That was why Chryselle was insistent of going in his stead.

He sighed. “Fine. Take several guards and servants with you. I’m pretty sure that old coot will again try to persuade you. He’s pretty damn insistent on having the towers installed around the Capital. Be sure to reject him, understood?”

His brother was probably the only person in this Kingdom who would dare call the King an old coot. Attaining the position of Master made him this arrogant.

“Of course,” she said. “His Majesty wishes to use the towers to defend against the Empire. We can’t do that. Magic is not a tool for slaughter and
war.”

The Master of Wizzert City simply smiled at that naïve statement. Somehow, Chryselle was his source of sanity in this godforsaken world. His piece of tranquility in this politically-driven world.

“That’s right,” he grinned. “Magic is not a tool for war.” ***

Lark looked at the direction of the forest for a moment. He only noticed it now, but someone had been tailing their group from a safe distance.

Who was he? Why was he following their group?

It seemed that even Anandra failed to notice him, as he just silently stood there like a guard.
The guy following us… he’s skilled.

It would take a considerable amount of skill to tail their group from afar. Lark motioned for Anandra to come closer. He whispered, “Someone’s following us. Be on your guard.”

The man with golden hair flinched. His eyes quickly swiveled left and right as he tried to find the person following them.
“He’s currently watching us from the forest, probably on top of the trees.” Lark opened the door to the carriage and began to step inside. “We’ll pass through a plain before reaching Wizzert City. It’ll be easy to see him by then.”

Anandra nodded his head. That guy would have no choice but to reveal himself in such an open field.

“I understand. Once I see him—”

“—Do nothing,” said Lark.

“Excuse me?”

“I said do nothing,” said Lark. “For now.”

Lark had an odd feeling about this guy following them from afar. Was he an assassin? That did not seem to be the case, although the chance of it being true was not nil.

For now, he chose to trust his instinct: to wait things out and see.

Lark entered the first carriage. “What are you two doing? Get. On. The. Carriage.”
Each emphasized word made Austen and George flinch and jump. The two of them were currently holding a piece of parchment each. On the ground next to them was a half-completed drawing of a magic formation. It resembled the doodles of kids playing on a sandy beach.

After Anandra, Austen and George entered the Carriage, their group started to move west, towards the direction of Wizzert City.

“How’s it?” Lark looked at the brothers holding the parchments. “Have you gotten the hang of drawing the magic formations?”
The brothers looked at each other. They sheepishly smiled.

“A little bit?” said Austen. Drawing the most basic magic formation was actually harder than they thought.

Several days ago, Lark handed each of them a copy of the most basic magic formation. It was neatly drawn on a white parchment, and he tasked the two to remember each symbol written inside the magic circle. Every time they made camp, the brothers would draw on the ground and attempt to imitate the basic magic formation taught to them by Lark.

It would have been an easy feat, but there was an ironclad rule which made everything several times harder than it should be: they should never lift off the drawing stick from the ground until they finished drawing the entire thing.

According to Lark, this was a principle they had to adhere to no matter what, since on actual practice, the flow of mana should not be interrupted when casting magic formations. Otherwise, mana would dissipate and even the most basic spells would break.

“This is just the start. What you’re being taught right now is simply the basics.” Lark looked out of the window. He could no longer see the village. “The basis of all spells, of all magic. The most basic magic formation.”

The magic formation Lark handed to the brothers was the magic formation perfected by the mages of the Magic Empire, the most basic magic formation without a single flaw. Although it was more complex than its predecessor, once mastered, it would pave the path towards all the other elements.

“We’ll only proceed with voice incantations once the two of you have mastered drawing that thing. Hopefully, within three years, the two of you will be capable of using chantless magic.”
“Chantless magic,” mumbled George. He looked at Lark with a complicated expression. Although he was no magician, he has heard a few times before about how hard it was for a magician to perform spells without a chant. This noble, however, who was probably almost the same age as him, was capable of performing such feat easily.

Austen must have been thinking the same thing too, since George could see the expression of his older brother.

“We understand,” Austen bowed his head. “We’ll do our best to learn, Sir.” Lark smiled, “Good. That’s the spirit.”

Lark locked eyes with Anandra. The man with a golden hair lightly nodded his head. He was wordlessly saying that he finally also noticed the presence of the one following their group.

Is he a spy? An assassin?

Lark wondered. He remembered the time when one of Duke Kelvin’s men tried killing him in Lion City. For now, the best course of action was to wait and observe. He planned on getting as much information as possible from this guy once given the chance.

There’s no need to rush things.

After a day, their group finally arrived at Wizzert City, The City of Magic.

Unlike the other cities, the gate of Wizzert was flooded with people trying to enter the city. A long queue consisting of merchants, immigrants, and other people have assembled by the gate by the time Lark’s group arrived.
After waiting in line for a few hours, they were finally granted entry into the city.
The first thing that greeted them was a barrier blocking the city gate. It was translucent, giving the appearance of a sturdy glass.

“Is that also magic?” George curiously spat out.

Lark did not reply. Instead, he pondered of how advanced this city was compared to the other cities of the Kingdom they passed through so far. Even Lion City – one of the Major Cities of the Kingdom – was incomparable to this one.

A magic explosion will easily tear a hole through this barrier, but it’s strong enough to temporarily repel invaders in case the gate is destroyed.
This was the assessment Lark made after briefly touching the barrier. After the soldier guarding the entrance notified the ones inside the city about Lark’s pass, the barrier temporarily dissipated and Lark and his group passed through. This process was probably the reason why it took so long to enter the City despite the lax requirements.

After they found an inn, Lark handed out a few silvers to his disciples

Austen, George, and Anandra. “I’ll be looking around the city for a while.

Be sure to be back here at the inn by dusk.”

“These are?” Austen and George stared at the coins in their hands. Anandra, on the other hand, simply pocketed the coins and listened to Lark.

“Pocket money,” said Lark. “It’ll be a waste to stay cooped up inside this so-called City of Magic. Go and look around. Just be sure to be back for dinner at night.”

Austen and George looked at each other. Their eyes glimmered. They had never experienced such luxurious lifestyle before. Although a few silvers were nothing to nobles like Lark, it was a large amount for former paupers like them.

“We’ll be back for sure!”

Like kids given candies, the two enthusiastically responded, their heads bobbing several times.
Lark chuckled.

“Can I come with you?” The man with golden hair stood ramrod straight.

For a moment, his image overlapped with the chief butler’s.

Lark looked at Anandra. Unlike the two kids, this one can keep up with his speed. “You don’t want to look around?”
“I’m pretty sure that I’ll find more interesting things if I’m with you, My Lord.”
Lark noticed that he was becoming clingy as time went by. He was not sure if this was a good thing.

After some thoughts, Lark said, “Rejected. I’ll be looking around on my own.”
Anandra remained stoic. There was no change in his expression even after that. “I understand. Have a safe trip, Young Master.”
He’s starting to resemble Gaston as time goes by.
Lark wryly smiled.

***

After Lark went out to look around the city, Austen and George mumbled to each other on what they would do with the pocket money given to them. They were supposed to spend it on food and clothes, but they felt bad after thinking about their siblings in Blackstone Town. These silver coins were enough to buy some bags of wheat and chicken meat for the whole family. Splurging would surely leave a bad aftertaste in their mouths.

“Anandra,” Austen turned to the oldest disciple. “The Young Master left. What do you plan to do?”
Anandra tapped his stomach, creating a soft thud sound. Austen and George realized that he was wearing the weights created by Lark.

“Training,” said Anandra. “Unlike you guys, I’m not talented in magic. That’s why I need to put in extra effort.”
The brothers almost retorted that what he said was utter bullshit. After all, they had seen Anandra train with the humanoids before. This man with golden hair was undoubtedly the strongest person next to the Young Master.

Although right now he was incapable of casting magic, he had already come to grasp the basics of body strengthening by using the mana in his body. At this stage, he was already capable of crushing boulders with a single blow of his fist.

If he was lacking, then how much more would they be?

“I’ll look around the city.” Anandra was unaware of the thoughts of his fellow disciples. “Remember what the Young Master said. Be sure to be back by dinner.”

After Anandra disappeared amidst the crowd, Austen and George looked at each other.
“Now I feel guilty slacking off,” smirked Austen.

“What are you talking about? The Young Master himself told us to look around the city and enjoy ourselves.” George tossed a coin into the air and caught it. “Let’s go!”

The two looked around the city, gawking at unfamiliar things every now and then.
“Hey, look!” whispered George.

Austen looked at the direction George was pointing at. It was a street filled with stalls selling magic items. The two excitedly entered and looked at the items for sale.

“Fifteen gold coins?” Austen shook his head. “Only nobles can afford those. What’s the point of selling these things in the middle of the street?”

The cheapest magic item for sale was worth a staggering amount of fifteen gold coins. The most expensive ones even reached up to a hundred gold coins. Glowing lamps, scroll of fire, defense magic-imbued leather armor, ice dagger, etc. All sorts of magic items imaginable filled this particular street.

The brothers saw someone casually buy the ice dagger for sixty gold coins.

Their jaws almost dropped to the ground after seeing that transaction.

“I guess… As expected of the City of Magic? Even those living here aren’t normal.”
Austen nodded at his younger brother’s statement.

After looking around some more, they left and arrived at the Central Plaza. There was a large fountain there, with numerous stalls selling food lined up next to each other.

Austen and George’s stomach grumbled. They had been walking around for a few hours now, after all.

As expected of a major city, even the price of skewered meat was high. They bought a stick for each of them, grabbed some drinks, then sat on the benches next to the fountain.

They noticed that the person sitting next to them – someone wearing a hood

– had been staring at a particular stone tablet for quite some time now. “Bro, she’s been staring at that thing for—” said George.

“—Shh! Quiet!” Austen swallowed the last bit of his skewered meat. “It’s none of our bus—”
Austen halted. His eyes widened for a moment. Now that he had taken a careful look, the symbols engraved on the stone tablet was really familiar.

He took out the parchment out of his sling bag, unfolded it, then compared the magic formation drawn by the Young Master with the symbol engraved on the stone tablet.
“George,” he whispered. “Look. Isn’t it the same?”

George looked at the parchment, at the stone tablet, then back. “Almost.” He pointed at some parts of the magic formation. “These symbols aren’t on that stone tablet. And this crescent here is missing.”

The two magic formations were oddly similar, but there were subtle differences. George quickly noticed this.
While the two were discussing these things, the hooded figure next to them looked at the parchment Austen was holding.
“E-Excuse me?” A female voice spoke.

The brothers looked at the source. It was from the hooded figure. “C-Can I look at that?”

The way she stuttered bothered the two of them. They could feel desperation within those words.
Austen quickly folded the parchment and placed it inside his bag. He remembered that the Young Master strictly told them not to share this magic formation with anyone, no matter what.

He grabbed George’s hand, and after a quick glance, said to the hooded figure, “Sorry.”
“George, let’s go.”

George understood his brother’s intentions. He quickly stood up. When the two of them were a good distance away from the bench, they heard a shout.
“Wait!”

Amidst the crowd, they saw the hooded figure briskly walking towards them.
“We’re not supposed to share this magic formation with anyone,” said Austen.

George nodded, “Let’s run.”

The brothers tried to get away from the hooded figure, but surprisingly, no matter how hard they tried, they could not shake off their pursuer.
“Over here,” Austen huffed. They turned to an alleyway. He placed his index finger to his mouth. “That creepy person shouldn’t find us here.”

But he was wrong.
The hooded figure suddenly appeared right in front of them, like some sort of a ghost.
“Finally caught you.”

Her voice was soothing to the ears, but her sudden appearance made Austen and George shriek.
She took off her hood, revealing a woman with blood red hair and crimson eyes. Austen and George fell into stupor for a moment. They had never seen anyone so beautiful in their entire life.

“Please,” she said. “Can I look at that?” Austen and George looked at each other.
What should they do? The Young Master strictly told them not to show the magic formation with anyone, no matter what.
“It’ll be really quick,” she said. “Also, I’ll pay you. How about it?”

She took out a pouch and opened it, revealing several gold and silver coins inside. “This is all I have. If this isn’t enough, I’ll be sure to give you more afterwards.”

Austen’s pupil shook. He remembered the time when he still worked for two silvers a month in Lion City. The amount inside the pouch easily exceeded ten gold coins. He was sure of it.

Silence befell them. Even George started hesitating.

Moments passed. Austen shouted, “I-I’m sorry! This is something entrusted to us… and we can’t allow anybody to have their hands on it, no matter what!”

He sounded desperate. George also bowed his head.

The woman sighed upon seeing this. They were just kids, and judging by their reactions, they were not the ones who drew that magic formation.

She hesitated for a while.

Should she forcefully take the item away? From these naïve-looking kids? Her face turned sour after she came to a conclusion.

“I will not hurt you,” she threw the pouch filled with gold coins towards George. The kid grabbed it in reflex. “I’ll just take a peek. Sorry.”

The air turned chilly. Ice formed beneath the woman’s feet, quickly spreading towards the brothers. They tried to run, but they soon found their
feet encased by ice.

“What are you doing?!”

“Let us go!”

The brothers were horrified. They tried to yank their feet away, but the ice did not budge even a single bit. Ice shot from the ground and grabbed their hands, shackling it.

The woman opened Austen’s sling bag and took out the parchment containing the magic circle.

“Damn it! That’s not yours! We told you that you’re not allowed to look at it!” Austen roared.
George’s arms formed veins as he struggled to set himself free.

“This is…” She forgot to breathe for a moment. She intently stared at the drawn magic circle. Her heart started thumping loudly.
The magic formation drawn in the parchment greatly resembled the one drawn on the stone tablet, but there were subtle differences. She imagined using this magic circle and she was stunned by what she found out.

It was without any flaws.

The perfect basic magic formation.

With just this alone, magic would prosper even further.

Her pupils shaking, she stared at the parchment, then at the brothers shackled by the ice.
“Who, who drew this?” Her hands trembled as she held the parchment. She finally held the answer to the puzzle unsolved for centuries.
George and Austen did not answer. Instead, they tried to pull their hands and feet out of the ice. After finally coming to the conclusion that it would be futile, George and Austen looked at each other.

“Do it,” whispered Austen.

George, who was directly in front of the woman, understood his brother’s intentions. With his entire might, he threw his head forward and bit the parchment, successfully snatching it away from the woman’s hands.
Caught off-guard, the woman was too late to react. By the time she realized what happened, George was already chewing the parchment in his mouth.

Her eyes widened to the point of popping out.
That paper held the answer to the centuries-old puzzle!

“S-Spit it out!”

Her composure lost, she grabbed George by the neck as she tried to make him spit the parchment out. But contrary to her expectations, George chewed it more before eventually swallowing it whole.

The woman lost strength in her legs upon seeing this. She fell down butt-first on the ground. Although her mind was telling her that it would still be possible to retrieve the magic formation as long as she meets the person who drew it, a part of her wailed at this loss.

Tears started forming at the corner of her eyes. Her mana became erratic and the ice shackling the brothers broke into numerous pieces.

The brothers were finally freed of the spell. They shook their arms and legs to remove the pieces of ice still clinging to it.
Austen bit his lips upon seeing the crestfallen woman sitting on the ground. He did not feel pity for her, only hatred. She forcefully made them give her the magic formation, after all.

“You forgot this.” George tossed the pouch filled with gold coins to her. It made loud clanking sounds upon touching the ground.
Honestly, they were tempted by those coins, but the mere thought of betraying the Young Master’s trust solidified their resolve.

“And stop crying,” added Austen. “It’s not like you lost anything. That paper. It’s ours to begin with, damn thief.”
The two were about to scurry away and leave behind the crying woman when a deep voice, which almost sounded like a growl, resounded in the alley.

“You dare call my cute little sister a damn thief?”

A hooded figure appeared, blocking the path of George and Austen.

The hooded figure looked at the woman crying while sitting on the ground.

His entire body trembled.

“You damn little shits—”

His voice trailed off. He glared at the brothers.

“—I’ll kill you.”

Without warning, an invisible force struck Austen and sent him flying then rolling on the ground.

Chapter Eight

Chryselle was momentarily stunned when one of the brothers was suddenly sent flying. His body rolled on the ground several times before halting to a stop, leaving behind trails of blood.

A soft groan escaped Austen’s lips. He coughed several times before vomiting blood.

“No!” George’s cry echoed in the alley. He tried to run towards Austen when a fist suddenly struck his abdomen, making him kneel on the ground in pain.

“You’ll be next. Wait your turn.”

The hooded figure slowly walked towards Austen. Chryselle broke out of her stupor. She quickly got up and ran to stop the man from hurting anyone any further.

“Brother! What are you doing?! Stop!”

Chryselle yanked at his clothes, pulling down the hood in the process. A red-haired man with stubbles and a crescent scar running through his left eye stared at her. He was Alecto, the Master of the City of Magic.
“The same for you,” said Alecto, his voice comparably softer when speaking to his sister. “Stay put. Do not move.”

Chryselle tried to cast her magic to stop her brother, but to her horror, she found herself unable to channel her mana. She looked at her feet and saw a small magic circle glowing underneath. During that short exchange, Alecto had already sealed her magic with the highest-grade talisman, an item that would normally cost several gold coins in the market. Even speaking had become impossible now without Alecto’s permission.

Despite the pain, George stood up and ran towards Austen. Alecto smirked as he looked at this amusing sight.
“Hey, are you alright?” George was horrified when he saw Austen’s broken arm.
“Don’t ask the obvious,” groaned Austen. “We need to get out of here. That guy… he’s seriously trying to kill us.”

A short chuckle escaped Alecto’s lips. “Kill you? I may look like this, but I’m a compassionate man, kids. I will let you live. Don’t worry.”
He snapped his fingers and George’s left hand twisted in unimaginable ways, making horrible crackling sounds.
“Ah, Ahhhhh!”

George screamed at the top of his lungs as tears flowed down his eyes. He fell on his knees as his entire body trembled from excruciating pain.
“G-George!”

Alecto’s eyes were cold. Austen tried to stand up to help his brother, but an invisible force struck him at the face, sending a tooth flying out. Blood dripped down his nose as he finally lost consciousness, his entire body sprawled on the ground.

“Ah, damn it. I should have hit him on the stomach instead.” Alecto smacked his lips in disappointment. He did not expect Austen to lose consciousness this easily. He held back a lot, after all.

“You’ll have to entertain me I guess.”

Alecto was about to cast another spell when a hand grabbed his shoulder, and upon turning to look, someone slapped his cheek.
“Chryselle.”

Her eyes were red from crying.

“I told you to stop!” she shouted, her voice almost pleading. “Please! Just stop!”
Alecto saw the torn talisman on the ground. As expected of one of the elders of Wizzert City. A normal magician would have taken at least an hour to unshackle himself from that spell.

Seeing the pitiful face of his sister, Alecto decided that he had done enough. He was feeling good today too, so he decided to stop. These two brats were lucky that he was feeling magnanimous today. On normal occasions, he would have killed them without hesitation.

He was the Master of the City of Magic. Even the King was unable to touch him. Even if he killed these two on broad daylight, who would be there to stop him?

“Fine.” Alecto pulled out a handkerchief and wipe the tears on his sister’s face. He looked up. It was already dark. “It’s time for dinner. Let’s go back. You still have to meet with the other Elders after this.”
Chryselle sobbed. She looked at the pitiful states of the brothers. One was unconscious on the ground, while the other one was squirming from excruciating pain, his arm twisted in a different direction.

She did not want things to become like this.

She only wanted to see the magic formation drawn on the parchment. “I will call for a healer,” she said to them. “I’m sorry.”

She bowed her head. She did not know healing magic, and she was not carrying any potions with her. She decided to go back and ask for help from her fellow magicians.

The two magicians from Wizzert City left the alley and disappeared from sight.
Unbeknownst to her, after that, Alecto stopped the healers and other magicians from coming to help the two. They were left there in the alley, their bodies battered and unable to move.

***

The night passed but Austen and George did not come back to the inn. The next day, worried that they somehow got lost inside this large city – or maybe got themselves into trouble – Lark ordered his men to look for the two.

Several hours passed and Lark heard the news. One of the servants found the two in the temple, recuperating after passing out in an alley. Lark, along with Anandra, immediately went towards that place.

Upon seeing the state of Austen and George’s bodies, Lark’s pupils shook. They looked as though they had been hit by a speeding carriage. Their bodies were currently wrapped in bandages as they laid on the bed. The scent of medicinal incense filled the entire room.

“What happened?” said Lark.

The priest shook his head. “It seems they got into a fight with the magicians of the City.”
Lark’s face turned grim. Anandra, who stood next to Lark, had the same grim expression.
There was no way it would be a fight. It would be nothing but a one-sided slaughter. After all, these two had yet to properly learn magic from him.
There was no way they could put up a fight against a magician from this city.
Seeing this, the elderly priest sighed. His eyes were filled with understanding as he looked at Lark. “I understand that you’re angry seeing them like this, but young man – don’t do it. It will lead to nothing but an endless loop of violence.”

“Did they tell you what exactly happened? Who did it to them?”

The priest shook his head. “They did not tell me the specific story. All they told me was they were trying run away from somebody when a magician assaulted them. That kid over there—” he pointed at George, “—he was severely injured himself, but he kept begging us to prioritize the treatment of his brother first.”

Lark was sure that Austen would have done the same for George.

These two brothers are really…

“Priest.”

The priest stared at Lark, wordlessly urging him to continue.

“Thank you for taking care of them,” said Lark. He bowed ninety degrees. “Thank you for taking care of these two. I will make sure to compensate you for this. I promise.”

Just by Lark’s clothes alone, it was apparent that he was from a wealthy family, a noble. He did not expect someone with such status to bow his head for the sake of his men.

“The Church of the Water God is open to everyone. If you are really grateful, pray.” The priest gently smiled. “I am sure that the God Nareus will be delighted to have a devout believer.”

“I will do that.”

Lark did not believe in Gods, but if his benefactor – this priest who saved his disciples – wanted him to pray to repay this kindness, then he would do so.

“Ah dear me.” The priest stared at the incense. “It has run out, eh? I will take a couple more of them. The two of you can sit over there while you watch over the patients.”

The priest opened the door. “Please excuse me.”
After the elderly priest left, Lark approached Austen and George’s beds. The priests of the Water God treated the two, but their injuries were so severe that it hardly made a difference.

“You’re going to heal them?” Anandra remembered the time when Lark healed him. His wounds back then were definitely more grave than this since it was inflicted by the basilisk. He could still remember the warm sensation back then when Lark’s mana enveloped his entire body.

Lark nodded. He pressed a hand on Austen’s chest. A magic circle started forming underneath the patient’s bed. Anandra stood next to the door to prevent the priest from entering while the treatment was going on.
After healing the major wounds on Austen’s body, Lark went to George’s bed and started healing him. The twisted arm was reverted to its previous state.

George groaned. He started to open his eyes.

“How are you feeling?”

The first thing George saw was the worried face of the young man in front of him.
“Young Master?” George blinked several times. He looked around. Stone walls. The scent of medicinal incense. “Where am I?”

He remembered what happened last night. George immediately sat up then groaned when pain assaulted him.

“I healed the major wounds,” said Lark. “But it will still take some time before your body’s fully healed.”
He pushed George back into the bed. With serious eyes, he asked, “What happened last night?”
George averted his gaze.

Lark looked at him with eyes filled with understanding. “George, I cannot help you if you won’t tell me what happened.”
Like a father trying to comfort a child, Lark patiently waited for George to tell him the full story. Eventually, George conceded.
After hearing the story straight from George’s mouth, Lark’s eyes were filled with murderous intent for a moment, but he quickly hid it.

“A magician from the Tower of Magic,” mumbled Lark. “Red hair, with a crescent scar across his eye.”
He remembered the description given by George. Red hair was not rare, but it was not common either. And when coupled with the characteristic scar, it should be possible to find the perpetrator.

Lark patted George’s head. He looked at Austen still sleeping on the bed. “The two of you did well.”

These two were in this state because they did their best to protect the secret. The magic formation written in the parchment was nothing but common knowledge in the Magic Empire. Even if these two screwed up and it fell into the enemies’ hands, Lark had no intention of blaming them. Their lives were far more important than that.

But the mere fact that they fought for their promise with their lives on the line tugged at his heart. An indescribable warmth filled Lark.

“Anandra, you stay here and watch over these two.” Anandra nodded his head. “As you wish, Young Master.”

“Young Master.” George started to turn pale. “Y-You’re not going to fight that guy, right?”
He remembered how brutal that magician was. Furthermore, he used peculiar magic unseen by the naked eyes. Although the Young Master was strong, George had this feeling that that guy was stronger.

“I won’t,” Lark lied. “So, don’t worry and get some rest, recuperate. I will be back later. I promise.”

The priest finally came back with the incense. He froze the moment he stepped into the room. One of the gravely injured patients had woken up.

“I will be back later.” Lark tapped the priest’s shoulder. Upon turning his back on George, his eyes turned predatory. “Please take care of them for me.”

The priest momentarily felt his hair stand on their edges. “Of course. That’s the will of the Water God.”

“Thank you.”

After leaving the temple, Lark went back into his room in the inn. He took out the mana stones obtained from the basilisks.
He had been trying to postpone his consumption of these stones to reduce the rebound as much as possible. But now, the time to use them had finally come.
My current body should be able to handle the effects by now.

The rebound, even if present, should be minimal now. This was the result of him not neglecting training his physical body even for a moment.

“A magician from the Magic Tower, huh?”

He planned on staying in this city for only a day, but he had changed his plans. He decided to get back at that bastard who made Austen and George like that.

Chapter Nine

Forcefully expanding his mana pool using the high-grade mana stone took several hours. By the time Lark was done, it was already midnight. Lark looked at himself in the mirror. His naked body was flushed and filled with sweat, with steam rising here and there. He could feel his muscles screaming, his heart pounding loudly.

Thankfully, his trained body was now capable of handling the rebound from forcefully expanding his mana pool. If it were half a year ago, he would have died in an instant.

Lark breathed in and out. He stabilized the erratic flow of mana inside his body, condensing them into a single point. He clenched his fists. Right now, his mana pool was almost comparable to that of Austen’s. It should be possible to cast a Grand Scale Magic or two.

Lark donned a black cloak and a black mask. He jumped through the open window of the inn and disappeared into the night.
As he was heading to the Tower of Magic, Lark felt a presence following him. It was the same person who followed their group from Blackstone Town.

How long are you going to follow us?

A bit annoyed, Lark cast concealment magic on his body. He blended perfectly into the night. The one pursuing him stopped in its tracks. Right now, it was still carefully maintaining its distance.

Now, let’s see who you are.

Lark’s pursuer started moving again, towards the place where Lark’s presence first disappeared. Still under concealment magic, Lark soon saw him.

A man in his middle fifties. His black hair had occasional strands of white, his muscular jaw filled with scars. Underneath his worn-out cloak, Lark could make out his well-toned body. He looked like a serf, but the aura he was forcefully trying to suppress was that of a strong fighter. Someone who had taken numerous lives before.

Was he an assassin? A spy? Lark had yet to find out.
Lark patiently waited in the dark, his body completely concealed by his magic. The man looked around, frowning. He was probably surprised that he lost Lark completely.

Who are you?

Lark firmed his foot on the ground, and in the blink of an eye, shot himself towards the man. He pulled his sword out of the scabbard and slashed at the man. To his surprise, the man twisted his body to the side at the last moment, then leapt backwards.

Lark almost whistled. There were no unnecessary movements from the man. Although he was taken by surprise, he managed to evade the attack by intuition alone. It went to show the massive experience the man had in the battlefield.

“Who are you?” said Lark. He was currently wearing a cloak and a mask, but this person was still following him.

“Just a random passerby,” the man shrugged.

“Stop the crap.” Lark’s blade reflected the moonlight. Thankfully, there were no passersby in this particular street right now. “If you don’t tell me, I’ll make you spit it out.”

The man took out a short sword inside his cloak. Despite being suddenly cornered like this, he remained calm and stoic.
Silence befell the two. They simply stared at each other, gauging even the subtlest movements of their opponent. A cold breeze blew, and as though it was the signal, their blades clashed, creating sparks with each strike.

He’s skilled.

It took several more exchanges before Lark realized that the man was on par with him in terms of swordsmanship. He was a lot weaker than Sword Saint Alexander, but his skills with the sword was good enough to keep Lark at bay.

“A knight?” said Lark.

He noticed that the man flinched. It was probably spot on.

Sparks flew as the two exchanged strikes with each other. A bit annoyed, Lark finally decided to channel mana into his sword, sharpening its blade several folds. He planned on destroying his opponent’s weapon in a single instance and end the fight.
But to his surprise, mana also enveloped the man’s sword. This made it possible for him to parry Lark’s attack.
Lark frowned. If pure swordsmanship wouldn’t work, then he had no choice but to resort to magic.

Three magic circles formed around them – one on the ground and two in the sky. The man’s eyes widened upon realizing that Lark was casting magic while fending off his attacks. It was a seemingly impossible feat, especially considering the fact that what he used was chantless magic.

Sensing that things were becoming dangerous, the man channeled a large portion of his mana into his sword and struck at Lark. Lark temporarily felt his hands going numb from impact, his feet skidding on the ground.
Lark’s spells were almost complete when the man suddenly took out a scroll from his cloak and quickly tore it open.

“You really can’t trust rumors,” said the man. “I mean no harm. Forgive me for this insolence of mine.”
The torn scroll turned into blinding particles of light. Lark momentarily closed his eyes, his senses expanded to its utmost limit to parry any incoming attacks.

By the time the particles of blinding light dissipated, the man could no longer be found. Although Lark could still feel the man’s presence, it was getting fainter by each passing moment.

“He ran away,” mumbled Lark. He wiped a bead of sweat on his forehead.

Were all knights as strong as that one? Lark wanted to find out.

That man was skilled. It would have been a stalemate if they fought with just swordsmanship alone. Unfortunately, he escaped, and Lark had no way of finding out the truth of the matter.

He remembered the words uttered by the man before he escaped.

You really can’t trust rumors. I mean no harm. Forgive this insolence of mine.
Those words felt genuine, since during their fight, Lark did not feel an ounce of killing intent from that man.
Then, a spy.

This was his current conclusion. A knight sent out to observe him. But for what? As far as Lark knew, he was a trash disowned by his own family. A
vindictive moron thrown away to a faraway town.

Was it from his father, the Duke? From a rival family? Or maybe…

From the King.

He was among the candidates after all.

There were so many questions, but he held no answer.

Lark sighed. He unsheathed his sword and looked up into the sky. The two moons were full tonight.
It’s a good warm up, I guess.

After stretching his neck for a bit, Lark made his way towards the center of the city – towards the Tower of Magic.
Standing on top of a nearby building, Lark stared at the entrance below. Two men wearing blue robes were standing guard by the entrance, and at the back of their robes was the insignia of a silver wing - the symbol of the Tower.

Unlike the desolated street where Lark and the unknown man fought, this place was bustling with life. Numerous passersby filled the streets. Carriages were also seen every now and then.

Lark patiently waited for an opportunity to gather information regarding his prey. Eventually, a magician from the Tower left the building, his hand holding a bag. He was probably going to the Residential District.

When the man reached a dark and quiet street, Lark filled his fist with mana and stealthily struck the man’s abdomen. His body lifted off the ground for a moment, vomitus flew out of his mouth, and his eyes rolled to the back. That single strike made him lose consciousness on the spot.

Lark caught the falling body and dragged it away into an alley. Several cats ran angrily meowed before scurrying away after seeing Lark.

Lark place the body on the ground, and using magic, poured cold water on his face. The man twitched then coughed. He shook his head, sprinkling water around. His chest rose and fell in quick successions.

“Awake?” Lark looked down at him.

The man quickly sat up, his eyes filled with fear. “W-Who are you?”

Lark’s black get-up probably instilled great fear within him. The man trembled upon realizing that they were currently alone in this alley.
“Answer my question and I’ll let you go.” Lark’s face was concealed by a mask.
There was a pause. The man gulped down.

“A man with red hair, red eyes. A crescent scar runs across his eye.” Lark’s voice was ice cold. “Tell me where I can find him.”
The man’s pupils shook. Despite his wobbling legs, he slowly sat up. He breathed, “The Master of the Tower. The Grand Magician, Alecto. Why are you looking for him?”

Lark raised his brows. He had not expected to get an answer this easily. What surprised him the most was that the person he was looking for was actually a bigshot in this city. He was such a revered magician that he was even given the title ‘Grand Magician.’
It was one of the several titles granted to his oldest disciple, Pollux. The magician who managed to live for almost a thousand years after Lark died.

Being given the title of Grand Magician meant that his target was of considerable strength. Lark thought it was a good thing that he consumed the mana stones of the basilisks back in the inn.

“Master of the Tower.” Lark was in a monologue. “It makes everything easy then.”
Without warning, Lark punched the man at the abdomen, immediately making him lose consciousness. The man plopped on the ground, unmoving.

Lark left the alley and looked up. Even from here, the Tower of Magic stool tall, its tip seemed to be touching the clouds.
He heard before while wandering around the city that the Master of the Tower loved high places. It was the reason why he insisted on building his castle so high. At this time of the night, there was a really high chance that Lark would meet him at the top.

But it was not like there was a real need for him to go up just to meet the bastard. That tower would surely be filled with countless traps. If he forced his way to the top, he would be exhausted before even reaching the bastard.

Lark decided to use the easier way to lure him out.

Lark boldly walked towards the entrance of the Tower. As expected, the guards stopped him at the entrance. Lark’s mask gave him a suspicious
appearance.

“Stop.” One of the guards blocked his path. The other one stood behind his back. “State your purpose. Only those recognized by the Tower can ente—”

Before the guards could even finish their statements, their faces were struck towards the ground, making loud thud sounds.
“Scream. Make sure he comes out.” The eyes behind the mask were filled with murderous intent.
Lark formed a dagger using wind magic. It shot towards the shoulder of one of the men on the ground. The man screamed the moment the wind dagger pierced his flesh.

“AAAAAHHH!”

His scream made all the passersby halt in their tracks. They stared at the unfolded scenario for a moment, digesting everything in their sight. After several more seconds, a woman screamed, and this was followed by several others.

“A fight!”

“Murderer!”

“Someone’s trying to fight against the Tower’s magicians!”

Panic swept through the crowd. Several people ran away, while some daredevils stood by and watched. Numerous lamps were lit as the sleeping residents woke up from the screams.

Soon, numerous magicians wearing blue robes stormed out of the Tower’s entrance. They became enraged upon seeing their comrades sprawled bleeding on the ground.

They were about to charge head-on and beat the masked intruder to a pulp, but their leader stopped them in their tracks. He spread out his right hand, signaling everyone to hold their ground.

“Who are you?” said the leader of the group. Unfortunately, he was not the one Lark was looking for. “Why did you attack my men?”
Lark did not bother with pleasantries. Lightning shot out of his index finger and struck the leader right at the chest. Caught off-guard, the leader fell down on his knees, his vision turning black. Before he lost consciousness, he mumbled, “Chantless magic?”
The other magicians realized it too. This man shot that lightning spell in the blink of an eye. It was definitely chantless magic. It went to show that their opponent was no ordinary magician. After all, only their elite magicians were capable of that.

Another lightning spell shot out of Lark’s fingertips and struck a magician.

Like their leader, he fell down limp on the ground.

Everyone broke out of their stupor. They immediately started chanting magic, while those adept in close range combat charged towards Lark.

“God of fire, strike down my enemy. Become their bane!” “Will of the wind, cull those before me!”

“Guardian of valleys! Protect your master!”

Fire balls, wind blades, and a guardian golem were summoned in quick successions. By the time they had finished their incantations, Lark had already struck down two close combat magicians. He evaded a slash from the one on his left and retaliated with a kick at the abdomen then at the face. Shards of ice formed around Lark and shot towards the close combat magicians. The scent of blood permeated the air as the citizens who remained to watch shouted in horror.

Lark channeled mana through his sword and slashed at the fireball coming towards his direction. It was split in half and struck the ground behind Lark. Several blades of wind flew towards him from the back. Lark bended his body and nimbly evaded each strike.

A shadow loomed over him. Looking up, Lark saw a large fist made of stone shooting towards his face. Lark amplified his entire body with mana and caught the fist of the golem with his left hand. He clenched his other hand, and with the entire weight of his body punched the golem at the chest, sending rocks flying around upon impact. He quickly followed through with another punch at the face, blowing away half of the golem’s head. The stone monster fell on its knees and stopped moving.

Lark did not give time for his enemies to cast another spell. His body blurred as it shot towards them. His mana-amplified fists struck their bodies. Every time Lark moved, a magician from the Tower fell unconscious to the ground. This horrifying scene continued until only one magician was left.
“Hiieeek!” A shout, which reminded Lark of a pig being slaughtered, escaped the magician’s lips. He fell down on his butt as fluids came out between his thighs. His entire body was quivering as his pupils shook.
The eyes looking at him behind the mask was cold. It was the eyes of someone who had taken numerous lives before.

Lark summoned a dagger made of wind magic. He grabbed it and threw it towards the man’s thigh. Blood spurted out and the man’s agonized shout reverberated.

Keep shouting.

Lark patiently waited for more magicians to come out of the Tower.

Finally.

The magician he was looking for finally came out of the Tower. A man, probably in his late thirties, with red hair and red eyes. A characteristic crescent scar ran across his eye. Behind him were numerous magicians clad also in blue robes. By sight alone, the number of magicians who came out of the Tower’s entrance easily surpassed a hundred.

Purple robes?

There were six people wearing purple robes among the magicians, and Lark’s target was among them.

Alecto, the Master of the Tower of Magic, looked at the unconscious magicians sprawled on the ground. There were scorch marks here and there. A broken stone golem was kneeling at a corner.

“Such a mess.” One of the magicians wearing purple robe clicked his tongue.
Alecto frowned. He glared at Lark. “Who are you?”

Those red eyes were looking at Lark as though he was some insect who did not know his place. The condescending air was so strong that there was no need for any more words.

Lark did not reply. He gauged the strengths of the magicians gathered here. As expected, those wearing purple robes were the strongest. Especially this bastard called Alecto.

“This bastard dares to—” One of the magicians was infuriated when Lark simply ignored Alecto’s question.

Alecto raised his hand. “Enough.”
Alecto frowned. Peculiarly, he could not feel any mana from this magician. It was as though he was a commoner, someone who never used magic before in his life.

This meant only one thing: this man’s degree of control over mana was so outstanding that even he, the Master of the Tower, was unable to feel it.

This man was dangerous. This was the conclusion Alecto came to.

“Why did you attack our magicians?” Alecto temporarily suppressed his desire to tear the masked intruder into shreds.
Moments passed. A small grin formed on the intruder’s lips. He said, “I’m here to return a favor.”

Alecto and the other magicians were puzzled.

Lark pointed at Alecto. “You’re the ruler of this city, right? How about this? Why don’t the two of us have a one-on-one fight?”
“I have the advantage in number,” Alecto smirked. “As strong as I am, I don’t see merit in doing a one-on-one fight.”
Lark chuckled. Although Alecto looked stupid, it seemed that he was not one to fall in such provocation.

“You don’t understand.” Mana started oozing out of Lark’s body. The magicians behind Alecto shuddered upon witnessing this. The amount was colossal, definitely comparable to the Elders of the Magic Tower. “I proposed this to prevent the collapse of this city. It’ll be hard to govern Wizzert if all your magicians become crippled, wouldn’t it?”

A fifty-meter large magic circle manifested itself underneath Lark’s feet. The ground started to rumble as the magic circle continuously sucked mana from Lark’s body. The radius of the magic circle was so absurdly large that the daredevils who chose to watch started fleeing to a safer distance.

“Leo. Marcris.”

Two purple-robed men stepped forward upon the mention of their names. Alecto glared at Lark. “Show him his place.”

Blue mana started to cover the bodies of the two men. They unsheathed their swords and shot towards Lark, their bodies reappearing right before their target in the blink of an eye. Without hesitation, they aimed at Lark’s neck, their killing intent oozing out violently.
But before their blades could even reach Lark, their bodies were suddenly pull down towards the ground. They tried standing up, but as though they had been glued to the earth, they could not get up.

“It’s too late,” said Lark. All of the magicians gathered here were inside his magic circle.

The moment this magic circle was activated, Lark became the ruler of this small domain.
The Grand Scale Magic – Domain of Earth and the Forest.

Despite its dull name, it was a highly coveted spell capable of turning the tides of war. Back in the Magic Empire, Lark used this spell to single-handedly defend a fortress from thousands of trolls. Everyone who entered this magic circle would have their weight amplified hundredfold, eventually crushing them with their own weight alone.

Under Lark’s will, all of the magicians fell down on their knees, their bodies filled with sweat as they tried their best not to fall down the ground. Everyone’s bodies felt so heavy, as though they weighed a ton. Some of the weaker magicians started vomiting blood from the pressure produced by the pull of the earth.

Even Alecto was not spared from this phenomenon. After some time, he also fell down his knees, his body quivering as he tried resisting the gravity magic.

“Damn coward,” Alecto gritted his teeth. He could not even cast his chantless magic, since doing so would give Lark the opening to thoroughly crush him with the spell.

“Coward?” chuckled Lark. He found the statement amusing. “I’m actually benevolent enough. I even gave you the option of fighting me alone.”

Alecto snarled. “This damn cheap trick isn’t enough to stop me!”

Alecto channeled a large amount of mana into his body, strengthening it. And as though the gravity magic was a lie, Alecto started standing up. He smirked as he glared at Lark.

“Kneel.”

And the gravity magic intensified. Even with his body strengthening magic, Alecto fell down on his knees. He could feel the insides of his body being crushed by the sheer pressure of gravity magic.
What was happening? How was it possible for a single individual to perform Grand Scale Magic? This was the first time Alecto witnessed gravity magic being used like this. He previously thought it was a useless spell used only by support magicians when carrying the cargo.

“Like I’ve said before, I’m here to return a favor.” Lark pointed a finger at Alecto’s left arm, and using wind magic, started to twist it into unimaginable directions. Alecto gritted his teeth as excruciating pain filled his entire body. He did his best not to shout and scream.

That’s for George’s arm.

Lark’s eyes were predatory.

Now, for Austen’s…

Lark walked towards Alecto and yanked his hair up, then slammed his face towards the ground, creating a loud thud sound. Lark pulled his head up again, revealing Alecto’s broken nose and busted lips. Lark liked the sight of this. With tremendous force, he slammed the head of Alecto once again towards the ground, then again, and again, until he looked like bean paste. The smug face from before was already gone.

“He’s out?” Lark smiled wryly. The damn bastard had lost consciousness.

Lark let go of Alecto’s head, making his entire body fall down the ground. The rest of the magicians were in no better state. They were sprawled on the ground, their faces kissing the earth as their bodies refused to move.

I’m running out of mana.

Lark decided to finish this soon. He amplified his spell further until everyone finally lost their abilities to fight. By the time the spell ended, more than half of the magicians had lost consciousness, while the remaining ones could not even move a muscle from the pain.

Lark looked around. There were still spectators around, although they had fled to a safe distance.
Time to go back.

Lark concealed himself and leapt into the air, vanishing from sight.

That night, the news of a masked intruder defeating the entire Tower spread like wildfire.

Chapter Ten

When morning came, almost everyone in Wizzert City came to know what transpired last night. The news of how a single man defeated the magicians of the Tower became the topic of everyone.

Just like any other gossip, the story became exaggeratedly distorted. Some said that the intruder was a giant towering three meters, with an iron club in his hand which he used to beat all the magicians into a pulp. Some said that it was actually an explosion from one of the Tower’s experiments which injured the magicians. But the most popular version of the story was that it was an intruder wearing a black get up, his entire face covered by a mask. Just looking into his eyes was enough to make all the magicians of the Tower fall down their knees and collapse.

“But my brother said it was actually a woman!” a kid gave his own version of the story.
“No way! It was a man! My father was there when it happened!” another kid argued.
Mikael’s lips twitched upon hearing these. He knew the truth of the story. There was no doubt about it. The clothes worn by the intruder, his physical appearance, and the time when he appeared at the Tower. All evidences pointed to one man.

Lark Marcus.

Mikael had not expected Lark to come charging at the magicians of the Tower after their fight. That feat was nothing short of suicide, and Mikael doubts that no other person was sane enough to do it.

But he pulled through.

Mikael did not know the reason why Lark attacked the magicians of the Tower, but the fact that he actually defeated them remained.

He knew that Lark was strong, but not this strong. After all, Alecto and the Elders of the Tower present that time were as strong as the Royal Court Magicians of this Kingdom. Those six purple-robed magicians were the elites of the elites, the strongest of all magicians residing in this city. But still, they were defeated by a single intruder. It was akin to Lark defeating half of the Royal Court Magicians all by himself.

“No wonder he easily noticed me.”
Mikael smiled wryly. After he was discovered by Lark last night, Mikael doubled the distance between him and the target. It was a necessary precaution to give him enough time to escape once spotted by Lark.

Mikael did not want to fight that monster again. Even now, his hand was still a bit numb after deflecting Lark’s attacks last night. Had he not escaped using the light scroll, he would have been surely beaten to a pulp by now. The memories of how Lark had cast several magic at once while fending off his attacks were still playing vividly in Mikael’s mind.

Honestly, it did not make sense that someone so young was so adept at both swordsmanship and magic. Mikael wondered how Duke Drakus failed to recognize that his second son was such a genius – a monster in human flesh. Had he known that his son was a prodigy, would he still have thrown his son to that town?

***

After beating the crap out of the magicians of the Tower, Lark immediately went out of the City along with his entourage. As expected, crippling the Tower made the security lax despite the incident last night. They managed to get past the security in the gates and continued their journey towards the Capital.

“Young Master…” Austen’s voice was almost a mumble.

Lark stared at the open window of the carriage. The grasses outside swayed from the wind as their group moved through the plains. “What?”
Austen opened and closed his mouth repeatedly, but did not manage to say the words out. George sighed at his brother. He said to Lark, “You did it, right? The masked intruder at the Tower. It’s you.”

The sudden accusation of George made Lark look towards his direction. “Don’t be stupid. Why would I do something as dangerous as that?”

Hearing Lark’s calm and nonchalant voice made George and Austen doubt themselves. When they heard the news this morning, they could not help but think it was the Young Master’s doing. But now, after hearing the Young Master’s reply, they were no longer sure of who the intruder was.

“How’s your wounds?” Lark changed the topic.

George moved the previously crippled arm. “It still hurts a bit whenever I move it, but it’ll probably be fully healed after a week.”
Lark looked at Austen. The older of the two brothers said, “I’m perfectly fine. My body no longer hurts and all the wounds are gone.”
“Is that so?” Lark was satisfied with their answers. “By the way, if you still haven’t learned how to write the magic formations by the time we’ve returned to Blackstone Town, I’ll cut your pay in half. You’re fully healed, right? Then stop slacking off and start studying.”
The brothers stiffened. They had never heard something so scary in their life. Cut their salaries in half? It was tantamount to losing at least twenty-five silvers a month for each of them!

“O-Of course!”

“We’re studying! Right away!”

As though all of the monsters in the forest they passed through had become docile, they did not encounter any troubles in their trip from Wizzert towards the Capital. After almost a week, they finally arrived at Behemoth City, the Capital of the Kingdom.

“How do I say this,” mumbled George. From the carriage, he looked at the walls encompassing the entire city. “It’s huge but—”
“—Underwhelming,” completed Austen.

George nodded. “We’ve just been through the City of Magic, so maybe that’s why.”

From afar, the walls of the city stretched endlessly, with no end in sight. Unlike the City of Magic, there was no air of grandeur and magnificence in this city. It was simply colossal, that’s all.

This was also the sentiment of Lark. He had expected more, since Behemoth City was the Kingdom’s Capital. But aside from its size, it looked ordinary from the outside.

Their group passed through the gate and went into an inn in the Middle District. Looking at the date, it seemed that they still have two days before the King’s birthday. It was just enough time to look around and prepare for the event.

Lark donned a plain-looking cloak. He asked everyone, “I’m going to look around the city.” Noticing that his guards were about to speak, he added, “I’m going alone. That is final.”
After Lark left the inn, he wandered the busy streets of the Capital. Despite its large size, the Middle District felt cramped due to the amount of people traversing the streets. Numerous stalls were lined up here and there. Numerous taverns and inns filled this particular area of the Capital.

A familiar scent wafted in the air. Lark looked around and saw the source of the smell.

“Hey, what do you call these?” he asked the vendor.

“Bulbar boar meat.” The vendor cast a glance at Lark before flipping the grilled meat in front of him. “Thirty coppers each.”
Lark smiled. The name of this particular food had not been changed even after a thousand years. It was the meat of a boar commonly found in the forest of Magic Empire. Despite its bland taste, it had a very long storage life, making it an ideal food for travelers.
“Give me one of those,” said Lark. He pointed at another piece of meat. “And that one is?”
“Bihorned rabbit. Twenty-eight coppers.”

Lark took out a silver coin and handed it to the vendor. “That one as well.”

After receiving his change, Lark continued his tour of the City. Along the way, a hooded man bumped into him. The man mumbled, “Watch it, damn it,” then continued walking.

But before he could get away, Lark grabbed the man’s wrist. The man angrily growled, “What do you want?!”
Lark simply smiled. “That’s mine, mister.” Without warning, he fumbled inside the man’s garb and grabbed a leather pouch.
“H-Hey! What are you doing? That’s mine!”

Lark lightly tossed the pouch into the air and nimbly caught it, creating loud clanking sounds. He noticed a group of patrols near an intersection. The man must have also noticed them, judging by the way he suddenly stiffened.

“This is yours?” Lark tilted his head. “I’m pretty sure this is mine though?”

“Damn bastard!” The man clenched his fists. “Are you telling me that I stole it from you, huh? Is that it?!”

This small form of intimidation did not work the slightest. Lark said, “Then why don’t we make those soldiers over there be the judge, mister?”
A bead of sweat flowed down the man’s forehead. He stammered, “F-Fine!” Quickly, the man disappeared amidst the crowd.
Lark strapped the pouch into his leather belt. That person was quite a skilled pickpocket. If it was another person, the victim would have not even noticed that his pouch was gone by now. Since he had just arrived in the Capital, Lark decided to let the pickpocket go for now. It was none of his business, after all.

He finally finished eating the boar meat he bought. Still a bit hungry, he took out the rabbit meat and began biting on it. As he was walking through the streets, he arrived at the Red Light District. Numerous women wearing thick makeup stood outside the brothels, enticing men to enter the establishment.

Naturally, these women started targeting him as well. Lark simply ignored them.
“Hey, Lark!”

A loud voice rang out. Lark halted in his tracks when someone suddenly grabbed his shoulder.
“Lark! It’s you, right?!”

Lark turned around and was greeted by a bald man a head taller than him. He had numerous tattoos on his hands and neck, giving him the appearance of a typical hooligan.

He looks young. Why is he bald?

A weird, senseless question popped in Lark’s head.

“I was right! It’s you!”

Every time the man spoke, the smell of alcohol and tobacco assaulted Lark’s nose. The man’s entire face was flushed.

Silence befell the two. Caught off-guard, Lark did not know how to respond to this man who obviously knew the previous owner of his current body.

The man burped then pointed at his face. “It’s me! Jepsy! Remember? Come on, man! It’s hardly been a year! How could you forget your best buddy!”

Even the man’s name was stupid. Lark almost sighed. He had not expected to run into someone who knew the real Lark this soon.
“Jepsy, of course I remember.” Lark smiled and wrapped a hand around his supposedly best buddy.
Jepsy frowned, “You feel… different.”

“Must be the alcohol,” said Lark.

Jepsy nodded, “Right. Must be the alcohol.”

Jepsy saw two men walking out of the brothel. His eyes widened in glee. He waved his hands passionately. “Omie! Renz! Over here! Look who’s here!”

The two men, whose faces were also flushed, were momentarily stunned upon seeing Lark. They grinned at each other and jogged towards Lark.

“Lark! You damn little shit!” said Omie, a plump young man with various ornaments wrapped around his neck and wrists.
“Hey, I heard you were forced to become Lord of that small town! You should have told us you’re coming to the Capital!” added Renz, the smallest of the trio.

Like Jepsy, the two also reeked of alcohol. Renz’s neck, in particular, had numerous kiss marks.

“I can’t believe the Four Masters of Lukas have been reunited!” Jepsy heartily laughed. “We should drink! Let’s drink! And women!”
“Of course, women!”

“Another round, eh? Not bad!”

Swept by the mood, Lark was forced to enter a nearby tavern. Unsure of what to say, he decided to keep his silence for now. Less talk, less mistakes.

“So, you were also invited by His Majesty for his birthday, eh?” said Jepsy.

Lark was surprised at this statement. After all, according to the Sword Saint, this was highly classified information.

Seeing Lark’s surprised expression, Jepsy grinned. “What? You think I’ll be kept in the dark in these things? I may be the third son of a Viscount, but I’m still a noble, pal.”

“I see. So, it’s for the crown, huh? And here I thought Lark paid us a visit,” Omie smirked, then chugged down a bottle of alcohol. After emptying it, he burped then wiped his lips with his wrist.
Renz lit a tobacco. “Doesn’t matter. Let’s just be glad that Lark’s here with us. Honestly, I thought you died. We haven’t heard from you for several months.”

The other two nodded.

“I’m still very much alive,” Lark chuckled, doing his best to blend in with this weird atmosphere. He took a bottle of alcohol and half-emptied it. The trio smiled upon seeing this. They probably felt glad to see Lark being his usual self once again. “So, tell me more about what you know about the crown’s invite.”

Renz blew out a puff of smoke. Jepsy crossed his legs, leaned his body on the couch, then said, “They’re going to conduct a small test after the King’s Birthday.”

“A small test?” Lark was curious.

“That’s all I know,” Jepsy shrugged. “My family paid a large sum just to obtain that information, you know? It’s not easy to get anything from the Royals these days.”

“I know what the test is about.”

Everyone’s attention turned to Omie. He grinned. “I don’t know what exactly the test is, but I’m pretty sure it’s a test to assess the candidates to the throne.”

“Assess the candidate, huh?” Renz blew out another puff of smoke. He was staring at Lark. “Well, it’s not like it’ll matter. You’re not the type to be interested in such things, after all.”

Jepsy chuckled. “Hahaha! That’s right! As long as we have alcohol and women, we’re all good!” He shouted, “Hey, where’re the women?!”

One of the staffs of the tavern bowed his head, “Apologies! They’re being prepared, sir!”
Jepsy threw a bottle to the ground, breaking it into several shards. “Hurry up, you damn incompetent piece of shit! Do you have an idea how much I pay every month in this tavern?!”

The staff bowed repeatedly, before scurrying away in fright.

Lark frowned at this. “Alcohol’s enough for now. I’m not in any mood for a woman right now.”
The three froze. They looked at Lark with wonder. They began whispering with each other, casting glances at Lark every now and then.
“Hey, seriously?”

“Lark, the womanizer… rejecting women?”

“Must be the town. The Duke’s really harsh, eh? Throwing him away to a place like that.”
The whispers continued for a while. Unable to bear it any longer, Lark made a firmer remark, “I’m not in the mood for women. Do you understand?”

His sharp gaze made the three concede. Jepsy shouted again at the tavern staff, telling him that they no longer want the company of some women.
The ‘reunion’ continued until midnight. By the time Lark left the tavern, he had come to learn many things about the original owner of his body.
It seemed that the original Lark was a far bigger bastard than he originally thought. Women, alcohol, drugs. He did it all. Jepsy even mentioned a time when the original Lark coerced a commoner to come to his room late at night. It was no wonder that his father, the Duke, threw him away to that town.

He also came to learn more about the members of their group, The Four Masters of Lukas.

Although the name of the group sounded stupid, it was actually comprised of rich nobles who practiced a hedonistic lifestyle. It also seemed that Lark was their leader, with each of them having some kind of influence on the underground organizations of the Capital. It was the same reason why they were able to get their hands on several forbidden drugs.

Jepsy was the third son of Viscount Lakian, the Chamberlain of the King. Omie was the second son of Baron Morivar, and Renz was the fourth son of Viscount Amarozo. Lark, who had the highest status among them, easily solidified his position as their leader.

Friendship easily formed among the four of them, stemming from the mutual vices and hedonistic lifestyles they each led. All four men had no fear. Peculiarly, what Lark felt from them were admiration. The trio probably respected how Lark did anything he wanted without thinking of the repercussions.

It’s been a tiring day.
Lark sighed. He reeked of alcohol and smoke. He looked towards the direction of the King’s Castle. It was a lot smaller when compared to the Wizzert Tower, but it was still the tallest building in the entire Capital.
Two more days.
