
The King’s birthday was nearing. After learning that there would a test for the candidates, Lark grew curious.
What could it be?

I’ll find out soon. No use pondering about it.

He went back to the inn and fell asleep immediately.

Chapter Eleven

Today was the King’s birthday. Nobles from various backgrounds have started entering the Capital to answer the crown’s invite. Security was increased tenfold, and thousands of soldiers were stationed all throughout the city to ensure the safety and order of the Capital.

Duke Kelvin arrived at the King’s Castle, his stubby body moving with pride and purpose. Behind him were his twenty sons – all of whom were candidates for the throne.

Just by numbers alone, it was apparent who held the advantage in the competition. After all, out of the twenty-eight candidates, twenty belonged to the House Kelvin. Just a week ago, one of his sons, Kalavinka, led their navy to victory against a Mullgray Pirate fleet.

The seemingly invincible pirate fleer suffered a crushing defeat!

Duke Kelvin looked at one of his younger sons walking behind him. Sometimes, he couldn’t help but wonder how a timid-looking boy could come up with such cunning naval tactics. Even the fire that could burn in water was invented by this son of his.

Kalavinka held no talent with the sword, but his abilities in naval warfare more than made up for it. The second youngest son of Duke Kelvin easily solidified his position within the family after these consecutive victories against the Mullgray Pirates.

While the Duke was lost in his thoughts, their family finally arrived at the Capital.
“Duke Kelvin, Head of the House Kelvin, has arrived!” the Master of Ceremonies announced.

The door opened and Duke Kelvin stepped inside the Grand Hall, his sons immediately following suit. The nobles inside stopped what they were doing and looked at his direction. Just the Duke’s entourage alone gave the impression of a formidable force.

“Sir Lancaster of the House Kelvin has arrived!” “Sir Zaask of the House Kelvin has arrived!” “Sir Amphus of the House Kelvin has arrived!”
Although arduous, the Master of Ceremonies announced the arrival of his sons one by one. After all, every single one of these nobles was a candidate for the throne.

Duke Kelvin scanned his surroundings. There were around twenty or so nobles gathered inside the Grand Hall. Barons, Viscounts, Counts, Marquis. All of the men gathered here were of great prestige, each of them ruling over a significant territory. He also saw the despicable Duke Drakus and Duke Youchester speaking with each other. His brows twitched at this sight.

What were those two up to? It was rare for them to interact with each other even in previous gatherings.
“Sir Kalavinka of the House Kelvin has arrived!”

The nobles stared at the timid-looking boy upon the utterance of the name. Most of them had not expected that this child, who had half of his face covered by his black hair, was the so-called genius of naval warfare.

They had heard of his feats before. They knew that he had never suffered a single defeat even against the Mullgray Pirates.
The nobles who belonged to Duke Kelvin’s faction immediately went to greet him.
“Duke Kelvin,” Viscount Alma shook hands with the Duke. “I heard of your victory a week ago against the Mullgrays. Even the Empire had a hard time dealing with those barbarians, but it seemed that you managed to obtain a crushing victory against them!”

The Viscount was obviously trying to gain favor, but Duke Kelvin did not mind. Everything he stated was true, after all. The fat Duke bobbed his head, his lips twitching as he tried his best not to laugh out loud.
As expected, everyone has already heard of the news of their victory!

“We’ve been developing our navy these past few years in anticipation of such battles,” the Duke lied. Their navy was not developed at all. Those victories were solely due to Kalavinka’s skills in naval warfare. “Those damn barbarians are obviously not a match with our navy.”

A gasp of admiration escaped the lips of the nobles surrounding the Duke. Even the Empire who bullied the neighboring countries was unable to do anything against those pirates. Those barbarians knew the waters like the
palm of their hands, and despite the advance weapons of the Empire, they were unable to drive the pirates back.
“I heard about the blackfire,” said Viscount Alma. “The fire that could burn even in water.” He looked at the timid-looking boy. “It’s Young Master Kalavinka who invented it, right?”

Kalavinka stiffened when he found himself the center of everyone’s attention. He brushed his hair to the side, covering both of his eyes. He slowly moved behind his father.

Before, the Duke would have reprimanded Kalavinka for such actions. But now that he had become the rising star of the House Kelvin, he had become tolerant of this kid. He simply chuckled.

“That’s right,” the Duke answered, his chest puffed out with pride. “We no longer have to fear those barbarians! You should have seen how their ships sank after being burned to crisp and dust!”

Like hyenas, the nobles belonging to the Duke’s faction sucked up to him.

The praises uttered by these guys elated the Duke’s mood.

Then he saw Duke Drakus and Duke Youchester.

Damn it. They’re still talking to each other?

Duke Kelvin had a grave foreboding. He did not like how those two Dukes conversed. Since when did they become this friendly with each other?

Duke Kelvin grabbed a cup of wine and approached the two. He smiled broadly, emphasizing his plump cheeks.
“Duke Drakus, Duke Youchester,” Duke Kelvin greeted the dukes. “It’s rare seeing the two of you. I heard that the Empire started moving at the Western Front?”

The two Dukes looked at each other and stopped their conversation.

“You mean the Yorkshaire Mountains?” Duke Drakus did not conceal his displeased expression. He obviously disliked how Duke Kelvin suddenly interrupted their conversation.

“Yorkshaire Mountain. Indeed,” Duke Kelvin nodded. “That’s right. I heard that the Marcus Army lost almost a hundred soldiers after the short skirmish a week ago.”

Did Duke Kelvin come to pick a fight with him? Duke Drakus did not like those condescending eyes staring at him, not one bit.
“It was a reconnaissance mission,” Duke Drakus explained. “The sacrifice of those soldiers did not go in vain. We gained crucial information regarding the movement of the Empire.”

Duke Kelvin sipped his wine. “Of course, of course. Reconnaissance mission. Splendid.” He chuckled.

Duke Drakus had the urge to kick the fat man in front of him. The sugarcoated words the man spoke sure reeked of mockery.

“Sir Paztro of House Youchester has arrived!”

Duke Youchester, who remained silent until now, looked at the direction of the door. A pale-looking young man had just arrived.

“It seems that my son has arrived,” said Duke Youchester. “Excuse me.”

Without uttering another word, Duke Youchester left the other two Dukes behind. He went to his son and led him to the center of the Grand Hall.

“What were the two of you talking about?” said Duke Kelvin. “It’s been so long since I last saw Youchester speak so lively with someone.”

Duke Drakus did not reply. He picked up a goblet on the table and started drinking. Duke Kelvin clicked his tongue. Now that Youchester was gone, it was no longer fun picking on this old man. He left and went back to where the nobles of his faction gathered.

A man with long silver hair walked towards Duke Drakus.

“Father.”

It was his oldest son, Lui Marcus. He was the only person here who carried a sword on his waist. It was common knowledge that he always carried his beloved weapon wherever he went, no matter what.

“Do you think he’ll come?”

Duke Drakus frowned at this question. “It doesn’t matter if he comes or not. We’ve already talked about this, Lui. Do you remember your oath? Your promise?”

Lui frowned and sighed, “I remember, Father.”

Duke Drakus’ss mood turned sour. For some reason, the wine did not taste as good anymore. He hoped that son of his wouldn’t come. That boy was not human – he was a demon clad in human flesh. If he came here, there would be nothing but mayhem.
He prayed to the Gods that this gathering would come to pass without a hitch, that his damned son of wouldn’t come.
But the heavens willed otherwise.

“Sir Lark of House Marcus has arrived!”

The buzzes inside the Grand Hall came to a stop. All of the nobles looked at the direction of the door, particularly at the young man with short silver hair. He wore a simple yet elegant dress with golden embroidering. His eyes were clear, as though the large crowd did not faze him at all. His back was straight as he strode into the Grand Hall.

“He’s here!” Lui Marcus could not conceal the excitement in his voice. “He’s grown taller, Father!”

Like a doting brother, Lui looked at Lark with warmth in his eyes.

Duke Drakus gnashed his teeth.

Why did the bastard come to this place? To embarrass their family? He wanted to cuss and kick the boy out, but there were so many eyes watching.

Lark looked at their direction, and to Duke Drakus’s horror, the kid smiled at them!

“Remember your oath,” said the Duke, his voice firm. “You are not allowed to speak with your brother.”
Lui clenched his fists, “Yes, Father.”

Almost a year ago, the Duke planned on throwing Lark away to another Kingdom, never to be seen again. But Lui begged his father to reconsider. Instead, they made a deal: in exchange of just exiling Lark to a faraway town, Lui cannot speak with nor contact his brother ever again.

To Duke Drakus’s relief, Lark started eating instead of coming towards them. The other nobles were obviously wary of the kid, since no one even bothered greeting him.

***

When Lark arrived inside the Grand Hall, he had already expected the harsh treatment from his fellow nobles due to his bad reputation, but he had not expected things to be this severe. No one bothered to speak with him at all, the nobles even avoided his gaze. It was as though he did not exist at all.
He saw two nobles with the characteristic silver hair of the Marcus Family. Judging by the way the other nobles interacted with those two, they were probably his father and his brother.

His father glared at him, while his older brother looked at him with warmth.

With Lark’s vast experience borne from his previous life, he felt that the Duke did not want to associate with him at all. Thus, Lark decided to simply eat and drink, to wait things out and to observe what would happen in this gathering.

I’ve seen what they look like. That’s enough.

Lark had no intention of making things hard for his father. If given the chance, he could just speak with them later, away from the eyes of these nobles.

“So, you’re Lark Marcus.” A man in his middle forties approached Lark. “I’ve been wanting to meet you.”
Lark stared at the man before him. He could not feel any malice within those eyes. Lark’s intuition was telling him that those words were genuine.

“Ah, apologies.” The man scratched his cheeks. His skin was dark, as though it had been constantly exposed to the scorching sun. “I forgot to introduce myself. I am Chase, the Lord of Golden Wheat City. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Young Master Lark.”

Lord Chase offered his hand and Lark shook it.

Lark had heard of Golden Wheat City several times before. It was the city that produced half of the wheat in the entire Kingdom – the second richest city next to the Capital.

Why was such a prominent figure – the Lord of a Major City – talking to him like this?
“It’s also my pleasure, Lord Chase.” Lark decided to proceed with the pleasantries. “It’s an honor to meet the Lord of Golden Wheat City. My small town used to import wheat before when we were struck by the Black Famine.”

“You’re more polite than the rumors,” Lord Chase smiled. “And there’s no need to address me so respectfully. I was born a commoner, after all.”

Lark paused, “Born a commoner? So what?”
Lord Chase was taken aback by this statement. He chuckled. “Hahaha! That’s right! In administrating a city, your background doesn’t matter. What matters is your governing skill, the way you treat your subjects. Status and nobility are insignificant.”

Lord Chase was starting to like this young man. The other nobles treated him poorly back when he first attained the position of Lord several years ago. Although they did not show it explicitly, he could feel and see it in their eyes: they disliked the idea of a commoner becoming the Lord of a city.

But the eyes of this young man told the truth. He meant what he said.

A group of nobles approached Lark and Lord Chase.

“Lord Chase,” the noble at their lead reached out his hand. “We meet again.”

Lord Chase shook the man’s hand. “Count Sith. It’s a surprise seeing you here.”
“His Majesty personally invited me. This old man wouldn’t dare refuse the crown’s invite.” Count Sith’s eyes moved from Lord Chase, then to Lark. “And this young man is?”

Since the Count had just arrived, he did not know the identity of Lark.

One of the nobles behind Count Sith whispered, “Sir, it’s that guy. Lark Marcus.”

Count Sith’s eyes momentarily grew wide. His smile almost slipped down his face. He coughed twice then resumed his smiling façade. “Ah, Lark Marcus, is it?” He reached out his hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet the second son of Duke Drakus.”

After shaking hands, Count Sith avoided Lark’s gaze all throughout his conversation with Lord Chase. It was apparent that he did not like to be associated with the trash of the House Marcus. That young man was disowned by his own family. What benefit would Count Sith gain in making acquaintance with him?

After Count Sith left, several more nobles came to greet Lord Chase. And just like before, they immediately ignored Lark the moment they learned of his identity.

After everyone had finally left them, Lord Chase smiled at Lark. He gazed at the young man as though he was looking at his own son. “Don’t mind
them. They’ll soon realize how stupid they are.” “What do you mean, Sir?” Lark was puzzled.

Lord Chase chuckled, “You’ll know what I’m talking about. Soon.”

“Ah, by the way,” Lord Chase paused for a moment. “Are you acquainted with the Tower?”
“The Tower?”

“The Magic Tower,” said Lord Chase. He looked at a certain part of the Grand Hall. Following Lord Chase’s gaze, Lark met the eyes of a red-haired woman wearing a purple cloak. The insignia of a wing embroidered on her cloak was familiar – it was the crest of the Tower of Magic. The same organization Lark crushed back in Wizzert City.

The red-haired woman was breathtakingly beautiful, but she glared at Lark for some reason.
Purple cloak. She’s probably an Elder from the Tower.

Lark surmised that the woman must have felt the familiar aura of Lark. But since they were currently inside the King’s castle, she had no choice but to stay put.

“Never heard of them,” Lark lied.

Lord Chase had a quizzical look on his face. “Is that so?”

The two of them ignored the woman glaring at Lark’s direction.

Soon, Viscount Lakian entered the Grand Hall. Seeing him, everyone turned quiet at once. He tapped his wooden staff on the marbled floor. “The embodiment of God Neruz. The heart of the Sun. His Majesty, King Alvis Lukas VI has arrived. Everyone – show your respect.”

The nobles all lowered their heads as an old man with ashen hair entered the Grand Hall.
King Alvis wore simple clothes and a golden crown. He held a scepter in his right hand. He sat on a seat higher than everyone else’s.

“We greet His Majesty!” the nobles said in unison.

The King nodded his head and thanked everyone for coming to celebrate his sixty-fifth birthday.
With the arrival of the King, the celebration officially began. Minstrels started singing and playing music while women wearing feather-filled
outfits danced. Chatters filled the Grand Hall as the nobles tried making connections with the influential figures gathered in this place.
Lord Chase continued chatting with Lark. Despite the mundane topics, the Lord of Golden Wheat City obviously enjoyed speaking with the young man.

The hour quickly passed. The King stood up from his seat. He grasped a gemstone in his hand and spoke to it. His voice, amplified with magic, was then heard all throughout the Grand Hall.

“I have invited all of you here for two reasons,” said the King. Everyone attentively listened. The minstrels stopped playing. “First is to celebrate this old man’s birthday. I’m just glad I’m still alive to see this day. Who knows, maybe this old man would not wake up tomorrow?”

The King chuckled at his own morbid joke. The nobles awkwardly laughed.

“Second is to give recognition to the people who had contributed greatly to the Kingdom.”
Hearing this, Duke Kelvin broadly grinned. The nobles around them instinctively glanced at his son, Kalavinka.
The Grand Chamberlain tapped his wooden staff on the ground. On cue, several people entered the Grand Hall, carrying exquisite-looking chests with them.

“We will now proceed with the awarding ceremony,” the King announced through the magic stone. Murmurs and buzzes filled the air. Everyone did not expect this event, so they were excited. “We have prepared three rewards. First, for Lui Marcus.”

“Lui Marcus!” repeated the Grand Chamberlain.

Lui walked towards the pedestal. The two royal guards standing beside the King stepped forward, about to stop Lui from coming any closer. Their gazes were focused on the sword hanging on his waist.

“It’s fin,” King Alvis waived his hand. “That man never leaves his weapon behind.”

Although reluctant, the royal guards stepped back. Several steps away from the King, Lui knelt down.
“For successfully blocking the invasion of the Empire at the Yorkshaire Mountain Range, and for successfully completing the reconnaissance mission on the Fourteenth Brigade,” The King’s voice reverberated all throughout the Hall. “I award you with three thousand gold coins, a medal of valor, and the position of Supreme Commander of the Yorkshaire Army.”

The entire hall buzzed with life. Duke Drakus smiled smugly at this sight.

As expected of his son! The nobles belonging to their faction cheered.

“But your Majesty,” Lui looked up. “Isn’t that position—”

“—You mean the Sword Saint?” said the King. “Yes, it’s supposed to be his. But he adamantly insisted that you take that position instead. He told me that an old man like him have no plans on leading an army as large as that. He’ll accompany you in battle as an advisor instead.”

Duke Kelvin sneered. This meant that had the Sword Saint not given up on that position, it would have not been granted to Lui. That damn son of Duke Drakus was simply lucky.

“Are you going to reject this offer too?” the King wryly smiled.

Lui shook his head. “No, Your Majesty. I am honored to lead the Yorkshaire Army.”
Cheers erupted.

The nobles belonging in Duke Drakus’s faction were elated. Lui was already the commander of the Western Front, but now, he was also given the authority to command the Yorkshaire Army – an army consisting of veteran soldiers who battled against monsters on a daily basis.

After Lui received his rewards, the King called the second awardee of the day.
“Kalavinka Kelvin,” the King called out.

There was no response. Confused, the Grand Chamberlain said in a raised voice, “Kalavinka Kelvin!”

Soon, a thin, timid-looking boy in his early teens stepped forward. Half of his face was covered by his black hair, his steps wobbly and unsteady.

Seeing this, Duke Kelvin clicked his tongue. “Don’t embarrass our family! The King is waiting! Go!”
Ushered by his father’s words, Kalavinka slowly approached the King. He imitated Lui and knelt down on one knee.
“Y-Your Majesty.” Kalavinka’s voice was trembling.

The King remembered the time he first met this boy a few years ago. He was still the same as he was back then: a boy who could not even look another person in the eye.

For a moment, King Alvis wondered how such a kid managed to defeat the invincible Mullgray Pirates.
“For your consecutive victories against the Mullgray Pirates that threatened our seas, and for reclaiming back the Aurora Island that we have lost to those barbarians a decade ago,” said the King. “I award you with three thousand gold coins, a medal of valor, and the official title of Admiral of the Kingdom!”

The timid-looking boy shook. His father, on the other hand, squeaked in glee. The nobles supporting the House of Kelvin cheered.

“The official title of an Admiral grants you the authority to summon the naval fleet of the other port cities of the Kingdom. Use them as you see fit. I will leave them under your command.”

It was such a great position for a boy his age. Unsure of what to do and say, Kalavinka swallowed dry spit and mumbled, “I… T-Thank you… Y-Your M-Majesty.”

Honestly, Kalavinka wanted to reject the offer, but he was afraid of facing the wrath of his father. This was too much responsibility for a boy like him to bear. He wanted to stand up, flee the place, and go back to his room in their estate.

But in the end, Kalavinka was unable to utter another word.

After the cheers from the nobles subsided, the King cleared his throat and said, “And for the last award, Lark Marcus.”
The entire Hall turned dead silent. Lark almost dropped the goblet he was holding upon hearing his name. He had not expected to be included among the list.

“I told you. Those idiots will shut their mouths soon,” Lord Chase grinned at him. For some reason, he seemed to have expected this development.

“Lark Marcus. Come forward!” said the Grand Chamberlain.

Under the scrutinizing gazes of the nobles present, Lark walked towards the King. He saw at the corner of his eyes the pallid face of his father and the
gaping jaw of his brother.

Lark knelt down on one knee.

“For successfully driving away the Third Legion of the United Grakas Alliance,” said the King. His words reverberated amidst the eerie silence. “For successfully taking the head of Commander Azura and General Urkawi of the Beastmen Army.”

There was a long pause.

“And for coming up with the method of destroying the Black Famine, the pests that had been infesting this Kingdom for several years now.”

By now, the eyes of the nobles were open wide, to the point of popping out.

“I award you with four thousand gold coins, a medal of valor, and the position of Royal Advisor of the Kingdom.”
Those who heard the last line were stunned.

Royal Advisor? How absurd!

That position was usually held by old men who were well past their sixties. Such position needed vast experience, wisdom, and knowledge accumulated over the decades. Such a young man holding the position was unheard of before.

Lark looked at the King.

King Alvis smiled at him, “Do you accept?”

To the spectators’ surprise, Lark did not immediately give his reply. “I rule over a small town far from here. Your Majesty, will I need to stay here in the Capital?”

The King seemed to have expected this question. He readily answered, “That’s right. We’ll have a hard time communicating with you otherwise.”
Lark pondered for a few seconds. He bowed his head. “Forgive my insolence, Your Majesty. But I humbly decline.”

The entire Grand Hall went into uproar. The nobles whispered and chatted with each other. They looked at Lark as though he was some madman.

The position of a Royal Advisor was as prominent as a Commander of the Kingdom. He would have the power to influence the direction of the Kingdom. Still, the young man rejected the offer because he did not want to leave his small town!
Duke Drakus almost laughed out loud. “As expected of the Trash. He can’t even distinguish between the good and the bad, huh?”
Kalavinka, who stood next to his father, thought otherwise. He had heard of the rumors of the United Grakas Alliance’s attempt to invade the Southern Region before, but he had not expected it to be true. Even more so having the so-called trash of the Duke’s family as the one who repelled the invasion.

According to the rumors, this young man used only a thousand soldiers to defeat a ten thousand strong enemy. A commander as capable as that would surely have his reasons for rejecting the King’s offer.

The same thought ran through King Alvis’s mind.

He furrowed his brows, “May I know the reason why?”

Lark gave a simple reply, “Your Majesty, I do not wish to leave Blackstone Town.”
The topography of that region held so much potential. If one looked at the map, the town could be expanded further. It could become even larger than the major cities of this Kingdom. After all, the Endless Forest alone was larger than the entire Kingdom of Lukas.

Another reason was Lark’s attachment to his subjects in Blackstone Town. Some may tell him that such emotions should be thrown away, discarded, but his experience back in his previous life made him realize that such emotions were the most precious. He would not forsake those people for the mere position of a Royal Advisor.

“I… See,” the King sighed. “This is an awarding ceremony. I shall not coerce you any further.”

After Lark went back to where Lord Chase was, the King leaned on his chair. He was disappointed of the outcome of this assembly.
He heard from Mikael before how Lark developed that small town. How he defeated the Beastmen, and how he destroyed the Black Famine. Despite his young age, the King firmly believed that Lark would be a splendid Royal Advisor, probably even better than those old men who constantly nagged at him, the King.

After the awarding ceremony, several nobles started approaching Lark. Even the Count who disregarded him before started acting cordially. Lark politely greeted them, but did not pursue conversations any further.
After the hyena-like nobles left, Lord Chase chuckled. “How does it feel like? To suddenly become the star?”
“Unpleasant,” Lark smiled wryly.

Lord Chase grinned, “You’ll get used to it.”

The celebration continued until midnight. The next morning, upon waking up at the inn, a messenger from the King appeared at Lark’s doorstep.

The King was summoning him to the Throne Room, along with the other throne candidates.

Chapter Twelve

By noon, all twenty-eight candidates for the throne were already gathered inside the throne room. The knights in charge of observing them were also there, their faces covered by silver masks. Judging by the reactions of the candidates, only a couple of them realized the identity of these masked knights.

Lark took a peek at one of the knights standing like a statue near the throne. The suppressed mana leaking out of his body was definitely from that person. He was the knight tasked to observe Lark Marcus.

The King arrived. Following behind him were the three Royal Advisors, General Carlos, and a priestess from the Temple of the Water God.

“I gathered all of you here to discuss strategies concerning the Empire.” The King went straight to the point. “Priestess Thea.”
The female priestess stepped forward. After bowing to the King, she turned to the candidates. “The things we are going to discuss here are of utmost confidentiality. All of those who wish to participate are required to make the vow of silence – a vow to Nereus, the God of Water.”

“This vow can mean your life and death,” added the King. “Those who do not wish to participate can leave this room now.”
Several candidates flinched at this statement. Most of them knew what would happen if they broke the vow. Kalavinka, in particular, had the urge to leave the room and go back to their estate. He could not see why he should concern himself with matters concerning the Empire. At the end, however, he decided to stay in fear of facing the wrath of his father. After all, those who leave this place would be dubbed as cowards by their peers. A disgrace to the family.

“Those who break the vow of silence will suffer a pain so excruciating that you’ll wish to be dead instead,” the priestess said with a straight face. “No one is leaving, so I take it that all of you wish to proceed? Perfect.”

She took out a bronze basin and filled it with flask water. She then made a small cut on her index finger using a dagger and let the blood drip into the basin.

“Please put a drop of your blood into the basin.”
The first to step forward was Lui Marcus. He took the dagger from the priestess and cut his finger. Large drops of blood fell into the basin. Judging by his movements and reaction, this was not the first time he has participated in such things.

“It’s nice seeing you again, Lui.” The priestess smiled amicably. “How’s the Vice Commander?”

Lui smiled back, “Alive and kicking. The wounds from before has fully healed.”
The priestess chuckled, “And here I was, hoping he died.”

Lui smiled wryly, “They’ll need more than stabbing his heart to do that.”

Lark had not expected such words to come out of the priestess’ mouth. She looked so innocent and pure, as though she had never even hurt a fly before, more so kill someone.

After Lui, several other candidates followed suit.

Kalavinka took quite some time before he finally managed to cut his finger. Lark, on the other hand, simply pressed his finger into the tip of the blade. The priestess from the Temple stared at him quietly as he dropped his blood into the basin.

After everyone was done, the priestess chanted her magic. The blood inside the basin rose into the air and formed a hexagram, eventually forming a magic circle filled with runes and symbols.

“Repeat after me,” said the priestess.

“I vow to God Nereus,” she said. Everyone immediately repeated her words.
“That I will not divulge anything I learn or hear in this place, in any shape and form, through whatever means. I vow to keep my silence. Breaking this oath shall lead to suffering worse than death.”

During this time, Lark and the other candidates started feeling a pricking sensation in their chests, as though someone was carving on their skins with a sharp knife.

The moment the magic circle dissipated, the pricking sensation also vanished.
“It will not leave a scar on your bodies,” the priestess smiled. “So do not worry.”
It was faint, but Lark could feel a string of magic power connecting him towards the priestess. Other people might not know this, but the moment the priestess was killed, this vow would lose its effect. After all, the curse of the Water God would lose its only channel. This was the flaw in the vow of silence.

In his opinion, the vow of death was a more potent restricting spell in such occasions. That spell did not require a medium once cast, and the curse would latch into the host’s meridians themselves. With the vow of death, even if the priestess was killed, the spell would not lose its effect.

Well, this works to my advantage anyway.

Lark decided to keep his mouth shut.

The King cleared his throat. “Now that everyone is bound by the vow of silence, we can go straight to the topic. The map.”

One of the knights took out a large map and unfolded it on the ground. The map was colossal enough to fit four carriages inside. The candidates gathered around it.

The King stood up from his throne and went towards the unfolded map.

Using his scepter, he pointed at a large mountain.

“This here is the Yorkshaire Mountain Range. For centuries, it served as a natural barrier between the Kingdom and the Empire. But several months ago, the Empire discovered a passageway circumventing the area.”
Everyone attentively listened. Lark noticed Lui looking at him. When their eyes met, Lui smiled before looking away.

The King traced the mountain range using the tip of his scepter. “This here is the passage I’m talking about.”
Lark noticed that the passageway completely rendered the mountain range useless. The exit of the passageway was almost next to the Yorkshaire City.
The King originally planned on dealing with this invasion of the Empire by seeking the help of the Dwarven Kingdom, but due to the Black Famine destroying several farmlands, they were unable to provide thirty thousand barrels of the high-grade wine they demanded. Negotiations broke down, and King Alvis had no choice but to rely on his own military to repel the Empire’s might.

“The Yorkshaire Army excels in the jungle,” said Lui Marcus. As the commander of the Western Front, he was more knowledgeable than the
other candidates gathered here. “But they have just lost that advantage. After discovering the passageway, the Empire immediately made the Yorkshaire Plains their battleground.”

The King nodded. “Fighting on flat land, the Yorkshaire Army becomes your average army.”

Looking at the map, it was apparent that the Yorkshaire Army had no choice but to confront the Empire at the outskirts of the city. They had no choice but to fight on the plains instead of their natural territory in the jungle.

“I’ve already consulted with the ministers and military officials regarding this, but until now, they are unable to come up with a concrete plan on dealing with the Empire,” said the King. “This is why I’m using this chance – this time when all the candidates are in the Capital – to formulate a plan.”

In short, the King was using this chance to assess each candidate’s capabilities in leading the Empire to victory. He was hoping that one of them would be able to come up with a solution for this deadlock.
“I will give everyone three days to come up with a plan,” said the King. “General Carlos will brief everyone of the plan we’ve formulated so far.”

A man with numerous scars and wrinkles on his face started explaining the best plan they have formulated after several weeks of discussions. He pointed at the Yorkshaire City.

“Stationed here right now is the Marcus Army and the Yorkshaire Army,” the General’s voice was raspy. “And over here is where the Empire’s army is camped.”

There were three stone pieces on the map at the Empire’s camp, which represented three different armies. The General explained, “For this war, the Empire sent three of its fifteen brigades – the sixth, fourteenth, and fifteenth brigade. Some of you may be aware of this, but the lower the number, the stronger the brigade. Thus, in this battle, the sixth brigade held the strongest power. Each of the soldiers belonging to that army is on par with the veteran Yorkshaire soldiers.”

Behind the three stone pieces, three smaller stones stood, which represented the supply line of the Empire.
“Our current plan is to hit these three here using a detachment of elite soldiers from the Yorkshaire Army. With their supply lines cut off, it will
become a battle of attrition. It will take less than a week for an army of such scale to start starving once their rations are lost. They will have no choice but to retreat by then.”

“And when that time comes…”

The general took the stone representing the Marcus Army and moved it closer to the Empire’s camp. At the same time, he moved the stone representing the Yorkshaire Army to circumvent the camp and strike at their back.

“We will hit them with our entire might.” A pincer attack.

Although it looked simple at first glance, this tactic held a lot of variables into account. The most noteworthy of them all was the ability of the Yorkshaire Army to go undetected and to launch an attack at the supply line of the Empire.

Although the Yorkshaire Army excelled in mountainous terrains and the jungle, Lark doubted that things would go as smoothly as planned.

The Empire couldn’t be so stupid as to leave the supply lines unguarded.

Lui Marcus had the same thought. He pointed out the flaws, “The three supply lines are separated from each other. Once one of them is attacked by our forces, the other two will become more guarded. There is also the risk of having the attack force wiped out with just a single mistake. Therefore, for this plan to succeed, we need to strike at the three supply lines at the same time.”

It was true. After all, the infiltrating Yorkshaire Army would have to retreat if the enemy discovers them.
“I’ve seen the strength of the Yorkshaire Army, and as its new Commander, I can confidently say that it’s one of the strongest armies in the Kingdom,” said Lui. “General, how confident are you that the Yorkshaire Army is capable of pulling this through?”

The General raised three fingers. “Thirty percent. I believe that the Yorkshaire Army has a thirty percent chance of completing this mission, and that’s after considering all possible variables.”

“I see,” Lui’s voice trailed off. It was not a bad number, considering the fact that the supply lines of the Empire were well-protected by the terrain.
“My territory is near Yorkshaire City,” said Lancaster, the oldest son of Duke Kelvin. Unlike his plump father, his entire body was muscular. “I can mobilize a three thousand strong army to aid the Kingdom in this war.”
It was an offer he normally wouldn’t have made under normal circumstances. But now that they were before His Majesty, Lancaster wanted to prove his worth by contributing to their victory.
“The three brigades sent by the Empire amount to around twenty thousand soldiers,” said one of the Royal Advisors. “The combined forces of the Marcus Army and the Yorkshaire Army amount to around twelve thousand soldiers. We’ll greatly benefit from the additional forces offered by Sir Lancaster.”

Lancaster smirked, “I’ll personally lead the Army. It will take us around a week to arrive at Yorkshaire City.”
Seeing that the House of Kelvin and the House of Marcus were already making contributions, the candidates belonging to the House Youchester immediately offered their assistance.

“Our Duchy is located far from the Yorkshaire City, thus it will take several weeks even if we mobilize the army,” said Paztro, a pale-looking man belonging to the House of Youchester. “But we are willing to provide the necessary rations during the war by coordinating with the Merchants Guild.”

The King and General Carlos momentarily locked eyes with each other. It seemed that gathering the candidates together to discuss the war was the right choice. They were having a hard time providing rations to the armies stationed in Yorkshaire due to the Black Famine, but that problem was solved for now. Although the House Youchester had the weakest military among the three Dukes, it had the most fertile territory. Its treasury could definitely feed the soldiers for several weeks, at least until the war was over.

They were also able to solicit the aid of the soldiers from the Kelvin Duchy.

This gathering was definitely a win-win situation.

The meeting continued until the night. Several tactics were suggested here and there, most of them thrown out of the window immediately after.

All throughout the meeting, Lark simply remained silent. Several candidates condescendingly gazed at him, thinking that it was natural for
the trash of Marcus Family to know nothing about war.

It was already late in the evening and the first day of the meeting was coming to a close. The King, who expected a lot from Lark after hearing about his exploits, finally asked him.

“Lark Marcus,” said the King. “You’ve been silent until now. I believe that someone as capable as yourself, someone who drove away the Third Legion of the United Grakas Alliance, has something to say regarding this matter.”
Everyone’s eyes stared at the silver-haired young man. Lui looked at him with eyes filled with understanding. Those eyes seemed to say, ‘It’s alright. Don’t worry if you can’t answer the King.’

Lark slowly said, “Before that, I have two questions, Your Majesty.”

The Royal Advisors of the King was infuriated upon hearing this. It was outright rude. Instead of replying to the King, this brat was the one questioning him. They were about to rebuke him when King Alvis wordlessly told them to stay put.

“Go ahead,” said the King.

“First, is it true that you will not coerce me to stay in the Capital after this?” said Lark. “Is this correct, Your Majesty?”
The King raised a brow. It was a peculiar question. “Of course. I already told you this before when you rejected the position of Royal Advisor. I will not coerce you to stay in the Capital.”

“Thank you,” Lark bowed his head. “Then for the second question. Does the Empire have a wyvern unit?”
“A wyvern unit?” one of the Royal Advisors repeated.

“Wyvern unit or anything similar,” said Lark. “Basically, a unit capable of battling in the sky.”

The King, unable to answer this question, looked at General Carlos.

General Carlos nodded at the King. He answered Lark instead. “I believe you are referring to the Witches of Aravark. A special unit of magicians capable of flying in the sky.”

The other candidates were surprised upon hearing this. After all, they did not know before that there was such a force in the Empire.

“Witches of Aravark,” mumbled Lark. “Then, do you think these magicians will participate in this war?”
General Carlos pondered for a moment. “I don’t think so. This is classified information – I believe that the Witches of Aravark reside in the City of Atarus, a city far from the frontlines. It will take them at least a month to arrive at Yorkshaire by cart.”

Lark remained expressionless even after hearing this. “I see. That’s perfect then.” He then turned to the King, “Your Majesty, if the reason the Empire is attacking the Kingdom is to expand their territory, then there is a simple solution to this.”

Lancaster Kelvin snorted at this statement. This brat was being so arrogant right now. If there really was a simple solution to this, then this war would have ended already the moment it began.

“A simple solution,” the King’s curiosity was piqued. “Young man, tell me.”
Lark went to the map and pointed at a city beyond the Yorkshaire Mountain Range. It was a city in the Empire’s territory.

“This is the nearest city of the Empire.” Lark tapped at the city on the map using a wooden stick. He then traced it towards the supply lines of the three brigades. “Therefore, it is safe to assume that this city is the one supplying the enemies’ rations.”

“That is obvious,” Lancaster spat. “Do we look like idiots to you?”

Lark stared at Lancaster. The King furrowed his brows and said, “Lancaster.”
Lancaster glared at Lark, before bowing at the King. “Apologies, Your Majesty.”

Lark paused momentarily before he continued. “Based on this map, it will take a week for the army to cross over the Yorkshaire Mountain Range by foot. Therefore, this is the same time it will take for the three brigades to respond to an attack at this city of the Empire.”

There were no other cities near that particular city, and the nearest army was the one battling with the Kingdom.
“Then, are you suggesting that we launch a direct attack at this city of the Empire?” said General Carlos.

Lark nodded, “That is right.”
Laughter echoed in the throne room. Lancaster arrogantly glared at Lark as he chuckled, “Brat, if that was so easy, we would have done it long ago! Launch a direct attack to the city? As if things are that simple!”

Lark ignored Lancaster. He looked at the King eye to eye, “Your Majesty, have you ever heard of an air strike?”

The King’s eyes glimmered for a moment. He seemed to have understood what Lark was trying to say. “An air strike. Then, are you saying that it’s possible? For our army to launch an offensive from the sky?”
“Yes,” said Lark. “This is a project that would require an astronomical amount of funds, thus it’s impossible for the Lord of a small town such as I to pull through. But with the power of a sovereign, it should be possible.”
Lark pulled out two pieces of parchment from his pocket. “These are the blueprints I drew during our discussion today. The first one is the blueprint for the balloon, a simple vehicle that could fly in the sky. And the second one is the blueprint for a mana bomb.”

“A mana bomb?!” said General Carlos. Just the name alone sounded dangerous.
The King looked at the blueprint, and unable to fully understand it, handed it to the General and the Royal Advisors.
“This…” The hands of one of the Royal Advisors shook. “It will be very expensive Your Majesty, but if this really works…”
The General and the Royal Advisors understood the implications of this weapon. If they successfully launch this air attack, the three brigades invading the Kingdom would have no choice but to fall back. If the Kingdom successfully destroys this city, it would leave a gaping hole big enough for the Kingdom to launch a frontal attack.

“Young Man,” General Carlos’ face was grim. “This is a dangerous weapon. How did you come up with this one?”
Lark did not answer.

The balloon which could fly in the sky, combined with the mana bombs, could destroy any city in its path. After all, no one could fight them in the sky. Unless, of course, the so-called Witches of Aravark came out.
“If the reason behind this war is a Holy Crusade, then just this alone wouldn’t be enough to stop this war,” said Lark. “But if the reason is simply just to expand the territory of the Empire, this should suffice. The Empire
will have no choice but to halt their attacks once one of their cities is directly attacked.”
Lark gazed at the King, “You will need to be on equal footing in order to establish a truce, an agreement. Your Majesty, I suggest you use this chance to end the war with the Empire.”

Even a few years of peace agreement would greatly alleviate the burden on the Kingdom. The King knew this more than anyone.
“This air strike will kill several thousands of innocent people – men, women, children, and the elderly – none of them will be spared from this wrath.” Lark remained stoic even as he said these words. “I will leave the decision in Your Majesty’s hands.”

Chapter Thirteen

Two weeks have passed since the King’s birthday.

[Yorkshaire Mountain Range]

“Reporting!”

A soldier entered the tent of Amubal, the commander of the sixth brigade of the Empire.
“A three thousand strong reinforcement arrived just now! It’s currently clashing against the left wing of the fourteenth brigade, sir!”

“The flag?”

“We believe it’s from the House Kelvin, sir.”

Amubal frowned. One of the Dukes finally sent their army, huh?

Before attacking this city, he gathered the necessary information about his enemy. He was sure that Duke Kelvin and Duke Drakus were enemies. He had not expected them to come to the aid of each other this soon.
He looked at the opened map on his table. Numerous wooden pieces were placed on top of it, representing the various armies in this war.
Amubal fell silent. He quickly analyzed the battlefield based on the reports of his men.
“Tell the fifteenth brigade to send their central army forward,” he pointed at a place in the map. “Near this border.”

The place he pointed at was near the eastern gate of Yorkshaire City.

“And send the Black Order to deal with those newly arrived bastards,” he smirked. “Make sure they suffer enough casualties on the first day of the clash.”

He planned on showing those bastards the might of the Empire. The might of the nation capable of toppling the surrounding Kingdoms at the same time.

Amubal looked at the map once again. A smile slowly formed on his scar-ridden face. “Leorith.”
His adjutant immediately saluted, “General!” “Gather the soldiers. We are moving out.” “Yes, Sir!”
A thousand soldiers moved out the moment the General called out. Each of them was mounted on horses, their armors glimmering underneath the sun. Peculiarly, the place they were headed to was not Yorkshaire City. They made a roundabout and headed towards the foot of the mountain.

Soon, a small village came into their sight.

“Burn everything down. Kill anyone who resists but make sure to capture the children alive.”
Leorith roared and issued out the General’s command. The entire army, moving as one, started the massacre of the villagers. Houses started burning down, and corpses littered the ground.

But the villagers seemed to have known of the arrival of the army beforehand, since the women and the children were nowhere to be found.
The army searched every nook and cranny, but were unable to find them.

“Spit it out. Where are the others?!” a soldier interrogated the captured villagers.
“I… I don’t know, Sir! I s-swear!”

The soldier looked at adjutant Leorith. The man nodded at him in return.

“Listen, if you’re not going to talk,” the soldier pulled out his sword. “I’ll just move on to the next person. I’m sure one of you will be willing to negotiate.”

The villager trembled. He recognized the crest on the armor of these soldiers. These monsters were definitely from the Empire.

“I r-really have no ide—”

Before the villager could even finish his words, the soldier’s sword swung down and cut his neck, his head rolling to the ground. Seeing this, the other captured villagers were mortified.

The soldier moved to the villager beside the corpse. “Next. I’ll only ask once. Tell me where the women and children are.”
“I don’t know! Damn fucker! Just kill me already!”

Blood spurted out as the next villager was stabbed in the chest.

One after another, the villagers were executed. Surprisingly, none of them opened their mouth to speak. The method the soldiers used served to stoke the fire in the villagers’ hearts instead. They knew that the soldiers from the
Empire were going to kill them either way. They decided to keep their mouths shut until their dying breaths, protecting the others.

The execution went on. When the eleventh person was about to be beheaded, a small voice was heard.

“Stop! Please don’t kill my father!”

The soldier executing the villagers grinned upon seeing the owner of the voice. It was a child, probably six or seven. Tears flowed down the child’s eyes as his entire body quivered.

A woman quickly appeared behind the child and covered his mouth. But it was too late. The soldiers of the Empire had already seen them. The father of the child turned pallid. He shouted, “Run away! Run!”

“The other villagers must be hiding over there,” said Leorith. “Capture the children alive.”
The soldiers unsheathed their weapons and ran towards the place where the child emerged. Soon, they found the place where the women and children were hiding. It was an abandoned well with a small passage inside.

Following their orders, the soldiers captured the children alive.

“Sir, that woman over there,” a soldier pointed at a woman tied next to the children. “Can I have her?”
Leorith looked at Amubal. The General nodded once. Leorith said, “Do as you wish, but do not touch the children.”

The soldiers, upon hearing this, licked their lips. They untied the captured women and began stripping their clothes off.
“You damn monsters!”

“Don’t touch my wife, you scum!”

“Let my mother go!”

The soldiers feasted on the women of the village. Screams filled with anguish, along with the soldiers’ laughter, reverberated.

Leorith frowned, “Sir, is this alright?”

Amubal looked unperturbed despite the sight. “It’s fine. We’ve been fighting against the damn soldiers of the Kingdom for several weeks now. The soldiers need an outlet every now and then.”
“We’ll be leaving in fifteen minutes. Finish it up,” said the General. “We’re moving to the next village.”
The captured children were thrown into the carts, while the remaining men and women of the village were slaughtered.

Following the map made by the scouts of the sixth brigade, Amubal led his army towards the next village. By the end of the day, they have burned down three villages and have captured several dozens of children.
The next day, the General gathered all of the officials, including those belonging to the fourteenth and fifteenth brigade. The tactics he discussed with them were inhumane, and those who heard it could not help but shudder.

As expected of General Amubal, the so-called man-eater. The sixth brigade ranked very high among the armies of the Empire because of him. His tactics, although brutal, were always effective.

Following Amubal’s plan, the fourteenth, fifteenth, and sixth brigade all moved out at the same time. A massive sea of soldiers surrounded Yorkshaire City.

Amubal, mounted on his horse, moved towards the forefront. He gripped the magic stone on his hand, and said with an ear-shattering roar, “Everyone in Yorkshaire City! Listen!”

The soldiers on top of the city walls looked at the army outside. It was the first time all three brigades combined to launch an attack like this. Inside the city, numerous shouts and orders flew out. All the available soldiers were being mobilized as they prepared for the upcoming clash.

“Hey, what’s that?”

The soldiers on top of the walls stared at the large bonfire in front of the Empire’s army. From it, thick, black smoke swirled up into the sky.
General Amubal’s voice reverberated once again with the help of the magic stone. “The Emperor is a benevolent man! He will spare everyone who submits to him! I, Amubal, swear in the name of the Empire that we will spare the lives of all citizens of Yorkshaire if you open the gates and surrender to us!”

Veins popped out of the foreheads of the Kingdom soldiers who heard this. It was a preposterous offer. Who would surrender to these barbarians?
These monsters came all the way here just to expand their already large territory.
“Is he crazy? Does he really think we’ll surrender that easily?”

“Damn bastards! They killed my brother! I’ll make them pay when the time comes!”
The Kingdom soldiers saw several children being moved towards the front of the army. Each of them were tied with ropes, their mouths gagged.

The officer in-charge of guarding the top of the walls turned grim. He had received the news several hours ago. The news of several villages being burned down to the ground. There was no doubt that it was the work of the Empire.

He stared at the children tied by ropes. They were probably the villagers the Empire’s soldiers captured.
And General Amubal’s next words proved him right.

“We will give the officials of the city an hour to decide whether to surrender or not! If we do not receive a positive response by that time, we will execute these children one by one, and their blood will be on your hands.”
Those words stirred the soldiers of the Kingdom. There were several dozens of children held hostage by the Empire. Everyone was filled with rage by this underhanded trick of their enemies. They wanted to open the gates, rush out, and crush the damn bastards, but just by looking at the sea of soldiers outside the walls, they knew they wouldn’t stand a chance. If they opened the gates now, it would only be a matter of time before the enemies manage to swarm in.

They could probably survive a siege, but they could not see a way for them to save the children. The hostages were next to the massive army, after all.

Inside the city, the officers of the army and the City Lord held an emergency meeting. Lui Marcus, Sword Saint Alexander, Lord Argus, and Lancaster Kelvin discussed possible ways to save the children.

But an hour was not enough for them to come up with a concrete plan. Even the Sword Saint would be unable to win against the massive army outside.

An hour quickly passed, and true to his words, General Amubal started the execution.
“We have given the city enough time to decide!” Amubal said with a straight face, his voice echoing through the magic stone. “But it seems that the officials of Yorkshaire have chosen to forsake the lives of these children!”

A soldier dragged out one of the children. He removed the gag and the child started screaming out.

“Save me! Please, save me!”

Even from the distance, the soldiers could hear the shouts. They could not clearly see the face of the child from afar, but everyone was sure that he was probably pallid, snot-filled, and panic-stricken right now.

“Every half an hour, we will kill one of these children!” said Amubal. “Remember this! It was your decision that took away their lives!”

With those words as the cue, the soldier threw the child into the bonfire. The child screamed as his entire body was engulfed by flames. His skin melted and his hair turned to crisp and dust. After a few seconds, the screams died out and only the smell of burnt flesh remained.

The soldiers of the city trembled in rage. Some of them had the urge to charge right at the enemies and cut the damnable Amubal’s head.
The commanding officers of Yorkshaire were on top of the walls as they watched everything that transpired.
Lord Argus, the Lord of the City, quivered, his hands curled into fists. He said through gnashed teeth, “Commander Lui. You said that those bastards would retreat soon. Isn’t that right?”

Lui Marcus remained calm despite the abhorrent sight. “That’s right. So please endure, Lord Argus.”
A half-hour passed, and another child was thrown into the bonfire. The child’s screams echoed. Each of her words as she burned to her death pierced the heart of the Kingdom’s soldiers. They could not even shoot arrows since the Empire kept a safe distance.

This same sight continued until the next day. By now, more than a dozen children had been burned to their deaths.

And to the Kingdom soldiers’ horror, a small army came and delivered a fresh batch of captives. They were probably from the remaining villages at the foot of the mountain. With the amount of children they captured, they could continue the execution for several days.
The news of the Empire’s brutality quickly spread inside the city. Even the soldiers started to feel anxiety and fear as time went by. The foolish ones even started suggesting that they open the gates and surrender the city to the Empire. Maybe that way, they would get to keep their lives.

Fear was contagious. And this simple feat bore seeds of fear within the hearts of the soldiers. Every half hour, screams would echo as a child burned to death.

On the third day of execution, a different scenario occurred.

The Empire was about to throw another child into the fire when shadows were cast from the sky. Looking up, they saw numerous round things flying above. Those with very good eyes noticed that there were people inside.
“Balloons?” General Amubal frowned. He ordered his men to unsheathe their weapons – to get ready for a fight — just in case.

The dozens of balloons showed no signs of stopping.

“Archers,” said Amubal. “Shoot them down.”

The archers nocked their arrows and tried shooting those things above, but the wind and the distance made the balloons impossible to hit.
“Magicians.”

Amubal decided to use the magicians.

But before the magicians could even prepare their magic to shoot the balloons down, the sound of drums echoed from inside the city. The horn was blown and the northern gate started to open. Soldiers poured out of the city in droves.

Seeing this, Amubal broadly grinned. The foolish soldiers of the Kingdom had finally decided to confront them.

“The army is ready to move at any time, General,” said Leorith.

Amubal heartily laughed, “Those bastards are nothing without the protection of the mountain! And they actually dared to fight us on flat land! The Kingdom’s soldiers are truly a bunch of morons!”

The soldiers around the General snickered.

“Everyone! Ready to—”

His words were cut when a deafening boom suddenly resounded around them, making the earth tremble and the horses neigh. Amubal looked to see
the origin of the sound and was stunned to see several of his soldiers dead, their bodies scorched from the attack.
“Above us!” one of the soldiers shouted.

Amubal looked up and saw the balloons up above. The sudden opening of the gate and pouring out of the Kingdom’s soldiers made him momentarily forget about those peculiar things. But to think that those were the source of the explosion? Amubal’s hair stood on their edges as he realized their predicament.

With his decades of experience in the battlefield, he immediately issued out a command. “Scatter! Everyone, scatter!”
The soldiers were confused by the sudden order. They would have reacted quickly had the General shouted ‘Shields up!’ or ‘Cavalry, charge!’, but the current order was so vague that the soldiers were rooted to their spot.

Another mana bomb was dropped from the balloons and struck the army. Hundreds of soldiers were sent flying by the explosion, some of them scorched, while some had their armors pierced by the shrapnel produced by the impact, killing them on the spot.

Still, the trained soldiers of the Empire did not move without their orders.

Seeing his unmoving soldiers, Amubal quickly stormed his mind for a way out. He roared, “Spiral Spear Formation! All soldiers! Now!”
With his voice echoing through the magic stone, everyone quickly assumed the Spiral Spear Formation. It was the formation with the closest semblance to the order to scatter. With this, the soldiers have considerable distance with each other, which would greatly mitigate the casualties from the mana bombs.

After the soldiers assumed the Spiral Spear Formation, Amubal immediately ordered the magicians to cast protective spells for the army. Casting a barrier to protect everyone was an impossible feat, so Amubal decided to destroy the bombs instead.

Numerous balls of fire hovered in the air, ready to intercept the bombs the moment they were dropped by the balloons.
But to their surprise, the balloons gained altitude, until they were nothing but a pebble in the sky. The balls of fire were ready to intercept the bombs, but no bombs came down.
At the same time, the Kingdom’s soldiers started to charge towards them – each of them armed to the teeth. Since the Spiral Spear Formation was meant to deal with surrounded opponents, they proved weak against a frontal assault from a sea of enemies. The soldiers outside the Spiral Spear Formation immediately became prey to the Kingdom’s soldiers.

Amubal gnashed his teeth upon seeing his men being slaughtered one after another.

“Pike Shield Formation! Now!”

The soldiers of the Empire desperately fought back. Despite being caught off-guard, they still managed to create numerous Pike Shield Formations amidst the melee. In this formation, seven soldiers teamed up. Four were tasked to shield the center of the formation while the three inside struck the enemies with their spears. It was a good defensive ability that could block even the charge of the cavalry.

Amubal and the other officers of the Empire joined the fray. They began slaughtering the soldiers of the Kingdom left and right.

With their advantage in number, the Empire slowly pushed back the Kingdom. The Yorkshaire Army were unable to fight to their utmost potential on flat land.

“Kill the damn dogs of the Kingdom!” roared Amubal.

As expected of the so-called man-eater, he quickly slaughtered every enemy he saw, their limbs and heads flying off one after another. He chuckled as his blade pierced the flesh of his preys.

The sound of a horn echoed again from inside the city. On cue, the soldiers of the Kingdom immediately fell back. The Empire was flustered by this sudden move, since judging by the soldiers’ movements, it looked like the Kingdom’s soldiers had been briefed of this plan beforehand.

Amubal’s instinct screamed at him. He looked above and his pupils trembled from what he saw.
Numerous mana bombs were raining down from the sky!

“Magicians!” he snarled.

The magicians noticed what was happening. Their balls of fire shot up and intercepted the mana bombs. Deafening booms echoed in the sky as numerous explosions broke out.
But the magicians were unable to intercept all of the bombs. Several of them fell towards the Empire’s soldiers, immediately killing hundreds of them on the spot.

“Spiral Spear Formation!”

Amubal ordered the soldiers to scatter once again as the mana bombs incessantly fell down the sky.
The sound of drums again rumbled within the city walls. To Amubal’s horror, the Kingdom’s soldiers who retreated just a while ago started charging at them once again.

Just like before, the soldiers stationed outside the Spiral Spear Formation fell prey to the Kingdom’s soldiers. The Empire performed the Pike Shield Formation again to hold back the Kingdom, but the sudden attack from the sky created large gaps among their ranks. The Empire’s defense wasn’t as impregnable as before, and the Kingdom started gaining the upper hand.

The balloons remained high in the sky and there was no way for the Empire to shoot them down.
Seething with rage, Amubal finally issued the order to retreat. The Empire divided the retreating army into small platoons despite the risk of being killed by the chasing soldiers from the Kingdom. Amubal deemed those mana bombs to be more dangerous than the enemy soldiers right now. If they moved as one, their casualties would shoot up.

***

Seeing the retreating soldiers of the Empire, Lui Marcus issued out the commands.

“Pretend to chase, but do not engage.”

Hearing these words, a soldier waved a blue flag several times. Those standing at the top of the city walls saw this and they started hitting the gong several times. It was the signal for the start of the second operation.
Although they would have loved to slaughter those retreating bastards, their priority right now was to end this war.

The balloons moved towards the northeast, towards the direction of Magara City. It was the city of the Empire nearest to Yorkshaire Mountain, the city of the Empire closest to the frontline.
The balloons reached the city in just two days. The soldiers guarding the city did not even notice the balloons approaching, since they resembled nothing but small pebbles in the sky.

The moment the balloons were directly above the city, the remaining mana bombs rained down. The entire city quaked as numerous explosions caused deafening booms. Smoke continuously swirled up in the sky as flames started spreading out, burning the city to the ground. Soldiers, merchants, slaves, ordinary citizens – every single person in Magara was caught in the explosions.

Cries of anguish and cries for help were heard as burning bodies littered the ground.
Two days after this attack, the Kingdom sent a message to the Empire, threatening them to withdraw their soldiers from the Yorkshaire Mountain Range, or they would attack the other cities of the Empire.

However, contrary to their expectations, the Emperor still did not yield from the Kingdom’s threat.

The Empire declared an all-out war against the Kingdom.

Chapter Fourteen

While the Kingdom and the Empire were having a clash at Yorkshaire Mountain Range…
[Lion City]

“Come back here, you damn thief!”

Hans huffed as he ran through the street and alleyways. Chasing him was the man he robbed this morning. The man was livid with rage, but he could not catch Hans no matter what he did. He shouted and cussed as he ran after Hans, but to no avail. After a few more minutes, Hans finally lost his tail.

“Chase me all you want but you wouldn’t catch me, sucker.” Hans spat on the ground. Using his fingers, he combed his black hair backwards. Looking around, it seemed that he had ran so far that he reached the area near the western gate of the city. He saw several soldiers standing guard near the city’s entrance.

“Let’s see our loot for the day, shall we?”

He opened the small leather bag he snatched from his victim. Upon seeing its contents, he scowled. The books aside, the only items of worth were three silvers and a small bronze locket. The man was holding onto the bag as though it was a precious item, which was why Hans made it his target for today. Who would have known that it was filled with nothing but crap?

“Well, these books… I’m sure the old lady in the black alley can buy it for a price.”

He consoled himself with this thought. He grabbed the three silver coins and put them inside his pouch. As he was taking out the books to better inspect them, he heard shouts coming from beyond the walls. The guards standing near the entrance began to move, their expressions grim and pallid.

What’s happening?

Hans looked at them, puzzled.

The shouts outside the wall intensified. Soon, the bell on the watchtower rang. Numerous soldiers started coming from the streets, eventually gathering right before the gate.
“Hey, move! Go back to the Residential District! It’s dangerous here!” One of the soldiers noticed Hans and told him to get away from this place.

“They’re coming! Get ready!”

A soldier on top of the watchtower shouted to the guys below.

The soldiers gathered before the gate and lifted their spears up, their gazes fixed on the closed gate, as though waiting for it to suddenly burst open.
Hans shivered when he heard the roars outside. Shouts came on top of the walls.

“U-Up! T-They’re climbing the walls!”

Hans did not know who shouted those words. He immediately looked up on reflex and was horrified by what he saw. On top of the walls, numerous monsters stood. They charged at the soldiers on the battlements, tearing their limbs apart before throwing them towards the ground below.

Hans’ instinct screamed at him to flee, to get away from here as far as possible, that there was no way for the soldiers to win against those things, but the primal fear evoked by those monsters rooted him to the ground.
One after another, the soldiers on top of the walls were killed and thrown towards the ground. Blood splattered as numerous thud sounds were heard. After taking care of the soldiers on top of the walls, the monsters looked down below.

The soldiers standing before the gate shivered. They knew they were next.

The colossal gate proved useless right now. Who would have known that those monsters were capable of climbing the walls?
“H-Hey, t-those monsters!” one of the soldiers shouted. “They’re from the Lake! I’m sure of it! They’re from that damn Lake!”

Hans immediately understood what the soldier meant. There was only one Lake with monsters coming out of it.
The Lake of the Full Moon.

Hans looked up. It was still middle of the noon. Why did those monsters suddenly show up? It was not even night, more so a full moon!

And what was the garrison in the Lake doing? Hans was pretty sure that the City Lord built a fortress there several months ago to fend off the monsters.

Don’t tell me, the fortress…
Still shuddering uncontrollably, Hans gritted his teeth. He wanted to curse this stupid body of his for being frozen with fear like this.
Move. Damn it. Move!

As he cursed inside his mind, his frozen limbs started moving one by one. He slowly stepped back, his eyes still locked on the monsters on top of the walls.

“Shit.”

The monsters started crawling down the walls!

Now that he had taken a careful look at them, Hans realized how ugly the monsters were. If a gorilla and a frog had a child, this would be it. They had muscular but hairless arms, their bellies bloated, their eyes large and protruding. Whenever they roared, their long tongues would stick out.

Monstrous strengths aside, their numbers posed a serious problem. There were almost a hundred of them, probably more.
Upon reaching the ground, the monsters immediately pounced at the soldiers. Their spears proved useless against those muscular bodies. Some soldiers managed to pierce the monsters’ eyes, but they were immediately swatted away like flies.

Hans knew it was only a matter of time before the soldiers were annihilated. He glanced at them for one last time, took a deep breath, then ran for his life.

As he ran through the streets, he could still hear the shouts and roars behind him. The bell of the watchtower stopped ringing, the soldiers guarding it probably dead already.

Along the way, Hans noticed the panic-stricken residents of the city. The news regarding the monster horde must have reached them by now, but the sheer shock made them unable to properly react.

Not wanting to see more people die, Hans shouted, “Monsters! Monsters are coming this way! Everyone, run away!”

Everyone who heard this turned even paler.

And as though Hans’ words were the cue, an ominous roar trembled through the city. Hans heard numerous heavy footsteps coming their way.

Shit. Shit. Shit!
He ran like a madman, disregarding the people he passed by along the way. He had done his part. Whether they would believe him or not, whether they would run or not, it would be entirely up to them.

“Ah! Help me!”

“Monsters!”

“Run away!”

The monsters have finally reached this far. Hans knew he had to keep on running. Otherwise, those monsters would also reach him.

But where should he go? If the Lion City was overrun by monsters, where would he take refuge?
That person…

Hans skidded to a halt upon seeing a familiar figure. Behind the man were several dozens of soldiers.
“Ah.” Hans’ lips parted. He remembered who the man was. He was Daltos, the Fire Golem. One of the Commanders of the soldiers of Lion City, the so-called impregnable fortress.

Looking at the Commander, Hans felt a sense of calm. If it’s this man, then maybe they could drive those monsters back.
“Is Lord Valcres safe?” said Commander Daltos.

“Yes, Commander,” said one of the soldiers. “He’s currently in the underground chamber of the castle.”

Commander Daltos nodded, “Good.” He furrowed his brows and unsheathed his sword. “They’re coming. Get ready.”

The soldiers unsheathed their weapons and formed a blockade with the commander at the center.
A roar was heard and tens of monsters appeared across the street. They ripped apart the bodies of the citizens in their way. Some had their limbs pulled off, while some had their heads smashed into the ground. It was a gruesome sight, but the commander and his soldiers stood their ground.

Then the soldiers and the monsters clashed.

Commander Daltos immediately activated his magic. His entire body was soon covered with flames, giving him the appearance of a three-meter fire golem. With his every punch, a monster was sent flying out. With the
commander at the center of the formation, the soldiers slowly pushed back the monster horde.
It was an exhilarating sight. Hans unconsciously clenched his fist as he cheered for the commander and the soldiers. The sight of those ugly creatures being blown away made Hans’s heart pound in excitement.

As expected of the Commander! The protector of Lion City!

The number of monsters continued to increase, but so did the number of soldiers. More and more soldiers came as reinforcement. There were numerous casualties on the City’s side, but it was apparent that the monsters were the ones being pushed back.

The monsters tried pummeling Commander Daltos to the ground, but the flames covering the Commander’s body protected him from all attacks. Definitely, the nicknames Fire Golem, Impregnable Fortress, and Protector of Lion City weren’t there for nothing.

“The Mercenaries are here!”

The daredevils, who chose to remain and watch while hiding, cheered. Although the Mercenary Guild Master – Sword Saint Alexander – was not here, his officers were all skilled.

The Assistant Guild Master easily cleaved the monsters in half using his axe, while the other officers held back several monsters at the same time.
The monster invasion continued from noon until dusk. With the combined forces of the soldiers and the mercenaries, the damages from the monsters were mitigated, and the horde was pushed back.

Evening came and the monsters retreated. The aftermath of the battle left several hundreds of dead bodies lying on the ground. It was only after the monsters had been cleared before Lord Valcres appeared to calm the citizens.

Hans went back to his home in the Commoners District. After pickpocketing for several years, he had finally saved enough money to buy this small house half a year ago. It only had one bed and a living area, but to Hans, this abode was more than enough.

He jumped into his bed without even bothering to change his clothes. Although his entire body was trembling with fatigue, he did not fall asleep easily. The mere thought that those monsters could come again while he
was asleep ate away at his peace of mind. He anxiously stared at the ceiling, waiting for sleep to come.
What if they invaded again tonight?

Hans shuddered at this thought.

“Damn it.”

This city was no longer safe. He was sure of it.

The soldiers and the mercenaries may have defeated the horde for now, but what about tomorrow or the next day? The next full moon? With each invasion, the number of soldiers defending the city would lessen, until the time comes when they would no longer be enough to defend the city.

“Should I try my luck at the Capital?”

It was far, but he heard the Capital was the safest city in the Kingdom. He could sell this house and start over there from scratch.

Hans shook his head.

“No, it’s too far.”

There was also the option of leaving for the nearby cities. But if the monsters of the Lake could come this far, those cities wouldn’t be safe either. He would rather migrate to a city faraway from this place, like the Capital.

Hans heard several loud knocks on his door.

“Hey! You’ll destroy my door if you keep knocking like that!” Hans snarled.
He jumped from his bed and briskly walked towards the door. He pulled it open.
“What are you doing in this time of the nig—” Hans cut his words upon seeing the man behind the door. He momentarily stopped breathing. “Vice Leader. It’s you.”

Behind the Vice Leader, a muscular man wearing leather armor, was several others.
“I’ll get straight to the point,” he said. “We’re leaving the City. I’m personally visiting our members to urge them to come with us.”
Hans opened the door fully. The man before him was the vice leader of one of the three underground organizations in Lion City.
Hans was thinking about leaving the city too. It was no longer safe here. “To where?”

The Vice Leader immediately replied, “Blackstone Town.”

Hans furrowed his brows. That place was in the middle of the wilderness. He could not understand why several hundred people would choose to go there instead of the major cities in the Kingdom.

The Vice Leader seemed to have read Hans’s mind. “It’s the best place for a fresh start. I heard that the members of the slum managed to find jobs there in just a couple of days. It should be possible for us too.”
“But… Will it be safe?” Hans was troubled about the safety of that town from those monsters.
“Probably,” the Vice Leader gave a half-assed reply. “I’m sure you’ve heard about the Third Legion’s invasion.”
It was the rumor about how the Lord of Blackstone Town drove away ten thousand beastmen with just a small army.
“Even if not all of the rumors are true, there should be some basis for it,” said the Vice Leader. “The Leader and I are not coercing anyone. We will move out tomorrow afternoon, a day before the Full Moon. Think about it overnight.”

The Vice Leader tapped Hans’s shoulder. “If the Lord of Blackstone Town agrees to accept us, all of us plan on having a fresh start. I heard that they are hiring soldiers and farmers. I’m pretty sure most of us can fill the slot.”
After filling Hans in with more of the details, the Vice Leader and his group left and went on to the next house. It was an arduous task, but the officers probably did not want anyone to be left out.

Hans slumped on his bed again. He sighed.

He was planning on migrating to a major city, but after meeting the Vice Leader, he was starting to change his mind.
“Blackstone Town, huh?”

That night, Hans stayed up all night, unable to fully decide.

Chapter Fifteen


Lark immediately left the Capital after the King's birthday. He did not speak with his older brother, and the only worthwhile conversation he had was with the Lord of Golden Wheat City. Duke Drakus, his father, did not even bother to summon him for some father and son reunion.
After this encounter, Lark was sure of one thing: although he had blood relatives, there was no one he could really call his family. Well, maybe Gaston and the rest of his men could fit the bill.

Just like before, the knight tasked to monitor him followed their group from a safe distance. Lark no longer bothered to confront him after confirming that he was simply here to assess him as one of the candidates.
His trip to the Capital had been worthwhile. He learned a lot about the previous owner of his current body, about his relationship with his blood relatives, the nobles, and even the King.

The Empire must have given its reply by now.

Since news travelled at a snail's pace in this Kingdom, Lark had yet to learn about the Empire's declaration of war. He was unaware that instead of instilling fear in the Empire, the mana bombs created more upheaval instead.

Lark and his group were currently camped at a forest half a day by cart from Lion City.

"Teacher! I've done it!"

Austen shrieked uncharacteristically as he made a fist in the air. Lark looked at magic circle drawn on the ground. Austen managed to draw this circle without lifting the stick up. Shadows moved as Austen danced next to the campfire. George looked at his brother with envy, his lips curled down as he gripped his drawing stick tight.

"I can do it too," mumbled George.

"Austen, good job."

Lark seldom gave out praises to his disciples, which is why hearing it this time around made Austen's eye glimmer in delight. He could no longer suppress his lips from forming a very broad grin.
"Austen can proceed with the next phase of training, voice incantations. As for you George, continue practicing drawing the magic formation."
"Yes, teacher!"

Austen started calling Lark teacher. "I will do my best!"

George nodded his head heavily. He groaned, "Yes, Young Master."

Austen patted George's shoulder. He chuckled, "It's fine! We're brothers! You can definitely do it too!"

Those words held some mockery within, and George could not help but smirk. He mumbled, "Right."
"Austen, you will still need to continue practicing drawing the magic circle on the ground. Practice until everything becomes mere reflex. Practice until you finish drawing the formation in a heartbeat. Understood?"

Austen nodded vigorously.

"Now, let’s proceed with voice incantations."

Lark placed a hand on Austen's back. "Do not resist my mana. Close your eyes. Now, imagine drawing the magic circle within your mind."

Austen did as what Lark said. He closed his eyes as Lark guided his mana forward. He had not expected mana to appear like this. It felt tangible, as though he could grasp it and pull it out of his body. It was nothing ethereal like the rumors.

"Don't lose focus! Draw the magic circle!" said Lark.

Austen swallowed hard. He propelled his mana forward and began to draw the magic circle like he did on the ground.
"Amazing."

Upon hearing George's remark, Austen opened his eyes. He was stunned by what he saw.

A magic circle spanning 1 meter in diameter was underneath his feet!

The runes and symbols were exactly the same as the one he drew on the ground. But now, instead of dirt and mud, everything was glasslike. The entire magic formation was glowing with an azure hue, as though it was the crystallization of moonlight. After a few more seconds, the magic formation lost its glow. It formed cracks and shattered into numerous minute pieces before disappearing from sight.

"You lost focus. You've almost completed the spell," Lark frowned.
Austen was still stunned by what he saw. Lark's words hardly registered on his mind.
"Since it's your first time, I guided your mana forward. But on your next attempts, you should be able to do this on your own without my help."

Austen and Lark locked eyes with each other. Lark suppressed a sigh upon seeing those eyes. Those were the eyes of someone in euphoria after casting their first spell. A normal occurrence when a non-magician was able to perform his first magic.

"That magic formation is the basis of all spells. After its formation, altering the symbols on the second and third layer will make the difference between the five basic elements. As for the sub-elements, we'll discuss those once you've mastered the basics."

Lark frowned, "Hey, are you listening to me?"

Austen snapped out of his stupor. "Y-Yes! Of course!"

Lark sighed, "Repeat what I’ve just told you."

Austen was unable to reply.

Lark patiently repeated the words he said a while ago. His previous experience of nurturing disciples played a role during this moment.

"You have a monstrous amount of mana in your body anyway, so there's really no need for rest. Start over."
Austen closed his eyes and repeated everything that transpired a few minutes ago. To his dismay, performing the magic alone was dozens of times harder than before. The previously tangible flow of mana now felt like a raging river with numerous forks. He could no longer contain even a portion of it. He could not even properly direct it to form the first layer of the magic circle.

After a few minutes, Austen opened his eyes and huffed. He realized that his entire body was soaked in sweat, his chest rising and falling in quick successions.

It felt so easy before when his teacher was guiding him. But now, forming even just the first layer seemed impossible. This was a hundred times harder than drawing the magic circle on the ground.

Lark was sitting next to the campfire, his back turned to Austen. Without bothering to look around, Lark said with a commanding tone, "Did I tell
you to stop? Start again."

Austen breathed in. He closed his eyes and started drawing the magic circle again. Meanwhile, George was still trying to draw the magic circle on the ground without lifting his stick up. He enviously looked at his brother, not knowing the struggles Austen was going through within.

"Young Master," Anandra approached Lark. "I've caught us our dinner for tonight. A wild boar and two rabbits."
Lark tossed a stick onto the campfire, making sparks fly up. "That's a lot. Thank you."
He looked at Anandra and saw several weights on the man's waist, hands, and legs. On his hand was a small boar and two rabbits tied together.
Lark chuckled, "You hunted while wearing those?"

"Yes."

Knowing Anandra, Lark was sure that he did not amplify his body’s strength during the hunt. This man did everything using brute strength alone, as expected of Gahelpa Village's top warrior.

Out of all his disciples, Anandra was the one who was progressing the most. He easily learned the body strengthening magic Lark taught him, and right now, he was halfway to learning middle-tier body strengthening magic.

Body strengthening magic was a spell which amplified the strength and senses of its user's body. Therefore, a stronger body would be able to create a stronger spell. Even if Lark and Anandra used the same level of the spell, a greater effect would be evident on Anandra.

The current Anandra could no longer be blocked by a simple mana shield by Lark if he went all out, unlike the first time they sparred.

“We’ll have boar meat for tonight,” decided Lark. He shouted, “George! Austen! Stop for a moment and come over here!”

Austen and George flinched at the sudden holler. They immediately went towards Lark.
“Young Master?”

Lark pointed at the dead boar on the ground. “Skin and dismember that one. Just consider this as part of your training. You should at least know how to survive in the wild.”
George and Austen looked at each other. Although they would rather continue training than do this mundane task, they wordlessly complied.

Lark patiently taught them how to drain the blood, skin the body, and separate the flesh from the bones. He also tasked the duo with grilling the meat on the campfire.

When the boar meat was finally cooked, Lark noticed several presences nearby. Anandra noticed it too, as he grabbed the hilt of his sword on reflex. The brothers, on the other hand, were oblivious of the fact that they were currently surrounded. Austen and George wiped the drool off their mouths as they gawked at the boar meat.

“Monsters are appearing quite frequently,” said Lark.

Anandra nodded.

Austen and George shot a quizzical look at Lark. But when they heard rustling sounds, they realized what the Young Master was trying to say. They quickly stood up and looked around them, only to be greeted by numerous monsters resembling gorillas, or frogs — they were not sure.

“You two, stay there. Don’t move.” Lark stood up and dusted his clothes off. He crunched his neck twice. “These guys are a lot stronger than goblins. They’ll be perfect opponents to test out your strength, don’t you agree?”

Anandra grinned and started removing the weights from his body. “Definitely.”
A large gorilla-frog monster appeared behind the group of monsters. Judging by his physique and demeanor, he was probably the boss of this group. He was gazing at Lark and his group as though they were nothing but prey, a delicious meal waiting for them inside the forest.

Lark did not like those eyes.

“Austen, George,” said Lark. “I’ll slow everything down. Watch carefully how a magic circle is formed.”
Instead of voiceless incantations, Lark decided to chant his magic for Austen and George’s sake.

“The magic formation I’ve imparted to the two of you is the basis of all spells. Basically, it’s molded mana capable of tearing away the natural laws of this world. The reason why we are able to use magic.”
The boss monster roared and the monsters surrounding them started charging at their group.
“Blazing wind,” chanted Lark. “Be still and become my shield.”

Lark purposefully slowed down the speed of creating his magic circle. Austen and George followed the flow of mana as it formed the exact magic formation taught to them by their teacher. After a split second, the second layer of the magic circle spun and distorted. The symbols inside that layer shifted places with each other. After everything was in place, the magic formation shattered and turned into numerous particles of light, before dissipating.

“Wind barrier!”

A barrier made of translucent wind surrounded Lark and his disciples.

“Barrier magic is among the basic spells you should prioritize learning. Although it wouldn’t be able to block magic of a higher tier, it’s very effective when battling against savages. Just like those fools over there.” Lark pointed at the monsters pounding at the wind barrier. They tried breaking the shield with all their might, but to no avail.

Lark continued with his lessons. “The secret to maintaining a strong barrier is to circulate it. Make it spin around continuously.”
His disciples shot quizzical gazes at him. Lark explained further. “Think of a wooden barrel. If you stab it with a knife, you’ll be making a hole, right? But by spinning it halfway, you’ll be able to prevent the damaged part from becoming target to the next strike. And using this opportunity, you repair the barrel.”

The analogy was simple, but it was perfect. Austen, George, and even Anandra easily understood it.

“Even the strongest barriers would crumble if attacked several times at the same point. That’s why experienced magicians would spin the mana around to prevent this. Never make the mistake of making the barrier stagnant. You will never be able to maintain your barrier no matter how large your mana pools are.”

Austen and George were unaware that this technique was not something used even by the Tower’s magicians. With just this concept alone, their barrier would become stronger than usual.

“Anandra.”
“Young Master.”

“Test your strength against those monsters. Show me.” Anandra unsheathed his sword. “Understood.”

Lark created a hole in the barrier large enough for Anandra to pass through. While inside the safety of Lark’s barrier, Austen and George attentively watched their senior disciple fight.

The moment Anandra stepped out of the barrier, the monsters immediately pounced at him. Anandra didn’t even flinch. With quick movements, he evaded the monsters’ attacks and retaliated with several strikes. The forest was soon filled with cries from the beasts.
Surprisingly, the boss monster did not pounce at Anandra even after the human killed over a dozen of his kin. It simply observed everything that transpired. Unlike the other monsters, this one was certainly intelligent.
The one-sided massacre continued. After a few more minutes, the boss monster turned around and disappeared through the shadow of the trees. Anandra tried to run after it, but the surviving monsters immediately blocked his path.

Anandra furrowed his brows. He was about to push himself past the monsters blocking his path to chase after the boss when Lark said, “It’s fine. Don’t give chase. There are definitely several more monsters hidden nearby.”

If Anandra gave chase, he would eventually find himself surrounded by more monsters. This was probably the intent of the boss as it made its escape.

Lark dispelled the barrier. He looked beyond the sea of trees. It was definitely not his imagination. This forest had become more dangerous than when they passed through here before.

After camping for the night, they immediately went towards Lion City.

But to their surprise, numerous soldiers filled the walls. The gates were closed, and entry to the city had become difficult. A long queue was seen at the entrance.

What happened to this city while they were away?

Chapter Sixteen

Big Mona hardly slept for these past few days. The series of monster attacks gave him and the Merchants Guild a devastating blow. Half of the headquarters of the Merchants Guild was destroyed, and to make things worse, the monsters managed to enter the basement where several treasured items were kept. Just those treasures alone were worth several tens of thousands of gold coins.

“Ah, God damn it!” snarled Big Mona. “What are the masons doing? It’s been a week already but they haven’t finished repairing the entire building?! And you! I told you to bring more iron ingots for the construction of the basement door! Where are the damn ingots!”
Spit flew everywhere as his voice reverberated inside the Merchants Guild. Numerous workers moved about, some carried wooden planks, hammers, hemp ropes, and iron frames. Under the constant holler of Big Mona, the workers hastened their pace.

After their headquarters was almost entirely destroyed by the monsters, Big Mona ordered his men to fortify the Guild’s defenses. He also went out of his way to hire mercenaries to guard them. A thick iron door leading to the basement was also erected in the hopes of it being enough to deter the monsters from destroying the precious items stored away underground the Merchants Guild.

“It’s that damn Valcres’s fault,” he blamed the City Lord. “What a waste of money! I shouldn’t have invested in the construction of that damn fortress!”

It seemed that the fortress built next to the Lake of the Full Moon was easily breached by the monsters. Without anyone to stop them, the monsters attacked Lion City.

Valcres used to be a competent Lord back in the days, but now, he was becoming more and more of an incompetent leader. A useless scoundrel who couldn’t properly manage his land.

“Sir, there’s someone who wishes to meet you,” his secretary reluctantly told him. The temper of his boss had been terrible these past few days. Last night, he was kicked at the stomach for merely disrupting the merchant’s meal.
Big Mona furrowed his brows. On his hands were the documents related to the reconstruction of the Merchants Guild. “Who is it?”
“I-It’s a young man called Lark, Sir.”

Big Mona paused for a moment. He had not expected the noble to be back this soon. What happened at the Capital?
“Lark, huh?” he mumbled. He placed the documents down on the table. “Lead him to the guest room on the second floor.”
All of his encounters with that noble had been profitable. Big Mona’s merchant’s intuition was telling him that it would benefit him greatly to meet the noble again this time.

After delegating the remaining tasks to his men, he went towards the room where Lark was waiting. Upon opening the door, he saw a familiar young man was sitting on the couch, his right hand holding a tea cup.

“It’s been a while.” Lark smiled and put down the tea cup. “I heard the news. The monsters reached even this place, huh?”
Big Mona sat on the couch, grabbed some biscuits and stuffed them into his mouth. Crumbs flew about as he said, “We’re not some small guild that’ll easily crumble because of mere monsters.” He scrutinized Lark from head to toe. “I didn’t expect you to be back this soon. How’s the Capital?”

“Uneventful,” said Lark. “More than that, let’s get straight to the point.”

Lark placed a wooden box on top of the table. “I’m here to make a deal with you.”
Big Mona stared at the box, then at Lark. He listened attentively.

“I’ll help you defend this city against those monsters.” Lark opened the box, revealing a metallic item resembling a miniature tower. “But in exchange, I want a few things.”

It took Big Mona quite some time before he processed the things Lark said to him. “Are you telling me that that thing can drive those damn monsters away?”

Lark tapped his finger twice against the table. “Yes and No.” Big Mona furrowed his brows.

“This is simply a prototype. A design. The real thing is several times bigger than this.” Lark placed a small kalrane stone – fully charged by the sun – at
the center of the metallic tower. “mana stones are ideal, but kalrane stones should be enough.”
Although he was no magician, Big Mona saw the item suck away the energy from the kalrane stone. It glowed, and the rod at its tip started crackling with lightning.

Big Mona’s eyes widened upon seeing this. He had seen something similar before at the City of Magic. The Wizzert tower. A device capable of harnessing mana and converting it into offensive magic.

Seeing Big Mona’s reaction, it was apparent that there was no need to explain everything to him.
Lark grinned, “It’s a mere prototype, but a complete device should be capable of detecting and striking monsters a kilometer away from here.”

In the Magic Empire, such towers did not need kalrane stones to operate. For profit’s sake, however, Lark purposely made this item dependent on kalrane stones for energy. This way, the bigwigs of Lion City would have no choice but to buy more kalrane stones from Blackstone Town.

Big Mona stared at the device. “How strong is it?”

Lark touched the device with his fingertips. “You don’t mind me destroying a portion of this room, right?”
Big Mona nodded, “Do it.”

Crackling sounds were heard and a bolt of lightning shot from the device and struck the wall. A hole the size of a human’s head was instantly created, its edges charred black.

“Kalrane stones can be recharged by exposing them to the sun,” said Lark. “Five stones should be enough to make one of these devices functional.”

Big Mona understood the significance of this statement. If they managed to build several dozens of these towers and installed them all throughout the walls, it would effectively block the monsters. If the devices ran out of energy, they could simply remove the kalrane stones, recharge them, then replace them with new ones.

If the prototype was this strong, then there was no need to question the strength of the real one.
“Is it true that it could detect the monsters from a kilometer away?” Lark nodded, “That’s right.”
Big Mona fell into deep thought. This device was a lot similar to the towers protecting the City of Magic. But unlike this one, those towers from Wizzert were off-limits to other cities. Those damnable magicians from the Tower of Magic monopolized everything related to the tower.

Big Mona leaned on the couch. “We’ll be needing a lot of kalrane stones to drive back those monsters.”

“Just buy them then,” grinned Lark. “My Blackstone Town will willingly sell them to you at a fair price.”
The merchant knew he had no choice in this either way.

Big Mona wryly smiled, “You damn shrewd fox.”

He knew he would lose a lot more if he skimped on the defenses of this city. If only Lord Valcres was more competent, he —the Head of the Merchant Guild—wouldn’t be suffering like this. Once again, he cursed at the Lord of Lion City in his thoughts.

“What you said before..,” said Big Mona. “You said you want a few things in exchange for this.”
“Glad you remember,” said Lark. “But first, let’s make things clear. This is a loan.”
“A loan,” repeated Big Mona.

“That’s right. A loan.” Lark held out two fingers. “Twenty towers. I will build twenty towers for this city. All materials will be shouldered by me. But in exchange, you are required to pay me fifteen gold coins every month for every tower the city uses.”

After receiving four thousand gold coins, Lark had enough money to create cheap imitations of the magic towers used in the Magic Empire. Of course, the towers were not self-sustaining, unlike their predecessors. Otherwise, Lark wouldn’t profit from selling kalrane stones.

Selling them to Lion City would enable him to earn a large amount of money in an instant, but Lark deemed that lending them to the city would net him more income in the long run. Big Mona was aware of this scheme as he quickly asked Lark of how much the towers would cost if the City bought them instead.

“They’re not for sale,” Lark shot the question down quickly.
Big Mona was obviously unhappy with this trade. He snorted but conceded regardless.
“What are your conditions for lending us these things then?” Big Mona crossed his arms.

“First, you are not allowed to purchase kalranes for the towers from other cities.”
Big Mona creased his brows. “You’re telling us to buy the kalrane stones from Blackstone Town alone?”
“Exactly,” Lark smiled, as though he was being benevolent in this exchange.

“You’re being too greedy, aren’t you?”

“Thank you,” chuckled Lark. “I seldom hear that.”

Big Mona sighed, “But what if Blackstone Town is unable to provide us with enough kalranes for the towers?”
“Then this part of the deal is void. You’ll be allowed to buy the deficits from the other cities.”

It sounded like a fair deal. Big Mona conceded, “Fine. Is that all?”

“Of course not,” said Lark. “Second, I want full monopoly of all monster corpses.”
This statement took Big Mona by surprise. Although those monsters were strong, none of them held mana stones. Furthermore, their hides lose its strength once the monster was dead. Making decent items out of the corpses was out of the question.

Big Mona could not see the merit in hoarding all the corpses.

“Full monopoly of the monster corpses,” Big Mona’s voice trailed off. “Could you tell me the reason why?”
Lark did not reply.

Momentary silence befell them. Big Mona sighed, “Alright. If it’s just corpses, I’m sure that stupid Valcres will be fine with that. It’s not like we have a use for those things after all.”

Lark was satisfied with the merchant’s answer. “And finally, the last one.” He paused, then added, “Iron ingots. Three thousand of them. I want you to sell them to me at the cheapest price.”

“W-Wait, three thousand ingots?”
Lark nodded, “Yes.” He raised a brow. “It shouldn’t be too hard with the help of the Merchants Guild.”
Normally this was true, but with the current state of the Merchants Guild, gathering such amount would be a hard task. A hundred or two iron ingots should be easy, but gathering three thousand would take quite some time. They would need to coordinate with the other cities.
“Here.” Lark placed several large pouches on the table. “A thousand gold coins for the ingots.”
Big Mona did not know how Lark got a hold of such money, but a thousand gold coins was definitely more than enough to buy what Lark wanted. Eventually, Big Mona took the pouches. He could not say no in front of money.

“When do you need them?”

“As soon as possible. I know that it’ll be hard to procure such amount in a short amount of time, so it’s fine if you deliver them by the hundreds to Blackstone Town.”

Lark planned to use this chance to create more soldiers for his town. According to the information he received, the Lake of the Full Moon was home to tens of thousands of monsters. After obtaining their corpses, Lark planned on extracting their souls and using them to create more soldiers – a hundred living armors to protect his domain.

If this succeeded, he would no longer have to worry even if another beastmen legion invaded the Kingdom again.
Lark licked his lips. He could not wait for the monsters to attack Lion City once again. He was determined to get those corpses no matter what.

Chapter Seventeen

With the full support of the Merchants Guild, Lark started gathering the materials needed to build magic towers for the city. All available Masons in Lion City were mobilized. Hundreds of workers gathered near the western gate, the place the monsters frequently targeted first.

“On my signal! One, two, three, pull!”

“Harder! It’s going to fall!”

“Put more strength to it! One, two, three, pull!”

Dozens of burly men pulled the hemp ropes tied to a stone obelisk. Using a pulley, the workers slowly lifted the obelisk off the ground, erecting it next to three others. The four obelisks erected surrounded a magic circle engraved on the ground. Inside the magic circle were several kalrane stones – the magic tower’s source of power.

After four days, they finally managed to finish one tower.

“Sir, are you sure this tower’s going to protect us?” one of the workers asked.
“Who knows?” the Head Mason shrugged. He looked up and stared at the tip of the obelisks. Aside from the weird golden symbols engraved on the obelisks’ bodies, it looked nothing but simple slabs of stone.
“Good work.” Lark approached the group. “The other towers?”

The Mason bowed. Lark had been given full authority over all the workers gathered here. Right now, Lark was their employer.
“Using this tower as the basis, my men started working on the other obelisks. We’ll be able to produce towers at a faster rate. Maybe three days at most, two days at the earliest.”

Currently, several teams were working on numerous obelisks at the same time. Their goal was to erect as much towers as possible at least three days before the next full moon comes. Based on their experience, three days before the next full moon, the monsters would come out of the lake and strike the city.

The Mason gazed at Lark. He had been expecting the noble to be condescending and arrogant, but reality gave a different picture. This noble, who was even younger than his son, treated the Mason and his men kindly.
“Three days, huh?” Lark stared at the first completed tower. It stood over ten meters tall, the same height as the walls of Lion City.

“Yes, three days,” the Mason nodded. “As you’ve instructed, we merely chiseled the symbols on the tower but didn’t touch it after that.”

The symbols on the obelisks needed a special engraving technique. They could copy the outer appearance of the tower itself, but without the proper technique, the runes and symbols wouldn’t work. That was why Lark told the team leaders of this project to leave the symbols for him to complete. The same went for the magic circle on the ground.

After inspecting the other sites where the towers were being constructed, Lark called out his disciples.
“George, how’s the progress of your training?”

George scratched his cheeks. “I’m still stuck at drawing the last layer of the magic circle.”
Lark held out a sigh from coming out. George clearly had no talent in this field. Still, it was not enough reason for Lark to give up on him. He knew that as long as George persevered, he would eventually grasp these things.
“Keep practicing,” said Lark. “Austen.”

“Sir!” Austen’s response was a lot more cheerful than his brother’s. He grinned, showing an incomplete set of teeth. “I’ve reached the middle layer of the magic circle! Give me two more weeks! No, maybe ten days! And I’ll be able to reach the inner layer!”

Lark nodded in approval upon hearing this.

“The reason I called all of you here is simple.” Lark took out two cotton shirts and tossed them to the brothers. “Starting today, the two of you – Austen and George – will train your physical bodies.”

Austen and George stared at the cotton shirts. They were soft, like those garments used by nobles.

“Physical body training in the morning, magic training in the evening. Wear those shirts and run around the City several times.”
Although it would be grueling, running a few times around the City should be feasible for the two brothers. They grew up in this city, and they knew the roads like the palm of their hands. But they soon realized they were wrong.
“Try them. Put them on.”

Austen and George did as they were instructed. To their surprise, the moment they wore the clothes over their tunics, they felt the fierce pull of gravity. The seemingly harmless clothes handed to them by Lark now felt as heavy as a plate armor.

The two quivered upon recalling what the Young Master had just told them. They were supposed to run around while wearing this?
“Anandra.”

“Young Lord.”

“Make sure these guys stick to the training schedule. Make sure they run around the entire City. Five times.”
“F-Five times?!” George screamed. “But, Young Master! Isn’t that too much—”
“—Six times.”

“—But, Sir!”

“—Seven.”

George and Austen shut their mouths. They were afraid that Lark would increase the number of laps. They looked at their senior disciple, Anandra. This monster could surely finish this task without any difficulties. He could probably finish twenty laps if he wanted to. But the same could not be said for George and Austen. They were afraid that after this physical training, they would collapse. Maybe, this was the reason why the Young Master moved the schedule of magic training to evening?

The brothers were silent right now, but Lark was sure they had several questions in their minds.

“I hope you don’t misunderstand,” said Lark. “Just because I’m training you to become magicians, it doesn’t mean you’re going to neglect training your physical body. You can think of your mana pool as a small lake, and your bodies as the tube where water passes. With such a massive mana pool, the tube will eventually form cracks and collapse after repeated use. We call this Magic Rupture. Although it is reversible, it takes a really long time before the body could heal itself, and during the healing process, you are not allowed to use even the most basic of magic.”
The analogy was really simple that all of them understood what Lark was trying to imply.
“Ah, also Magic Rupture is excruciating,” Lark nonchalantly added, as though his next words were trivial. “I experienced it before myself. The sensation of being cut a hundred times each day, for several weeks.

Although Magic Rupture itself isn’t fatal, the pain one experiences could make one suicidal.”

Austen and George shivered upon hearing this. They heard from the Young Master that the two of them had unusually large mana pools. Therefore, it was easy to see that they would suffer from Magic Rupture more easily if their bodies were not trained properly.

Lark clapped his hands once. “Begin.”

Under the watch of Anandra, the brothers starting running around the City, repeatedly spitting out curses every now and then.

***

The days quickly passed by. Although Lark could have gone back to Blackstone Town for a day or two, he decided to stay in Lion City for now. He did not want to risk the slim chance that the City will be attacked while he was gone.

Today was the fateful day. It was three days before the next full moon, and judging by the pattern of previous attacks, the monsters would come today in hordes.

Thousands of soldiers moved about the city as the civilians shut themselves indoors. These days, it was not unusual to see doors barricaded by wooden planks, some even reinforced by iron bars. Those who lived near the walls took refuge in the middle part of the city, hoping that the fangs of the beasts would not reach them there.

“Shit, I can’t stop shaking.”

A trainee soldier who joined the military just three months ago quivered as he held his spear. The frequent monster attacks took the lives of hundreds of soldiers, resulting in the lack of personnel. Even greenhorns like him were mandated to stand at the front lines.

“Be sure to maintain your formations. Don’t let the heat of the battle consume you,” an officer reminded him.

The trainee gulped down. “Y-Yes, sir!”
When the sun rose directly above the City, the sound of gongs resounded throughout the entire area. Metals clanked as more soldiers gathered near the western gate. Beyond the walls, the soldiers could hear the familiar screeching and growling of monsters.

“T-They’re here! The monsters are here!” the soldier on top of the watchtower shouted.

“T-Two thousand! There’s over two thousand of them this time!”

Everyone turned grim upon hearing this. The largest horde before amounted to only a thousand. But now, the approaching monsters have doubled in number. Usually, three soldiers would have to go against one monster. Now it would need at least six, and the soldiers gathered at the gate were only a mere four thousand.

Commander Daltos gnashed his teeth. He roared, “Do not falter! Do not be afraid! Although the number of enemies are beyond what we expected, they cannot come here all at once! Focus on protecting the walls! Do not let them pass through! The monsters who manage to enter the city – slaughter them all!”

Hearing the speech of one of the strongest soldiers of the city, the soldiers gritted their teeth and steeled themselves. They roared.
“Kill the damn bastards!”

“Slaughter them all!”

“Kill them! Don’t let them inside the city!”

Shouts filled with vehement fury followed Commander Daltos’ speech. The previously quivering soldiers readied themselves for the incoming clash with the monsters.

And a surreal scenario transpired before their eyes.

Crackling sounds were heard as orbs of lightning manifested themselves on top of the towers erected near the western gate. The soldiers looked up, and to their surprise, five streaks of blue light shot towards the direction of the monster horde. Explosions were heard, followed by the cries of the monsters.

As though the towers were thirsting for the monsters’ blood, several orbs of lightning manifested themselves on top of the towers once again, before shooting out as rays of blue light. Explosions resounded and the cries from monsters intensified.
“Load the next batch of kalrane stones!”

A young man with silver hair shouted. The soldiers looked at the direction of this voice. Most of the soldiers recognized who this man was.

Lark Marcus, the Lord of Blackstone Town, the man rumored to have defeated the Third Legion of the United Grakas Alliance. These past few weeks, the man has spent most of his time supervising the creation of the towers. Although most of the soldiers and workers had no idea of the use of those towers, they diligently did their part in making it.

And now, they were witnessing with their own eyes the monstrous strength of these devices.
The workers immediately reloaded kalrane stones into the towers. After charging up, the towers shot out bolts of lightning once again, killing tens of monsters in the process. The soldiers standing on the watchtowers and those on the battlements were the ones who were directly witnessing the power of these devices. Every time a tower released a beam of light, two or three monsters were incinerated into ashes in an instant.

But despite this, the monsters were unfazed and continued their march. At the same time, new kalrane stones were reloaded into the towers and the slaughter continued at a constant pace.

Hundreds of monsters started climbing the walls. The soldiers on top of the battlements assumed their formations, ready to intercept the monsters and prevent them from entering the city. They stabbed the monsters the moment they stepped foot on the walls, pushing them off towards the ground. Several wooden devices that resembled a pendulum would swing, hit, and mow down several monsters, pushing them back down. This proved to be an effective tactic for a moment, but with the sheer number of monsters climbing at the same, several dozens of them managed to successfully climb up. Soon, melee broke out on top of the walls. Monsters roared and metals clanked. The scent of blood strongly permeated the air as the humans were slowly pushed back.

Seeing this, Lark issued out a different order. “Move the blocks inside! Now!”
The workers pushed the blocks of stones next to the towers, moving them inside, next to the magic circle. Clicking sounds were heard the moment the
last blocks were moved into the center of the towers. The magic circle at the center started changing its color. From blue, it slowly assumed a green hue.

“Activate the towers!”

The workers did as they were commanded. Soon, several green orbs the size of a fist manifested themselves at the tip of the towers. After the command was activated, they shot towards the monsters on top of the battlements. The soldiers who had been struggling against the monsters were surprised at this sudden reinforcement.

“T-This is!” Big Mona, who had been watching the battlefield from afar using a scope, trembled in excitement. Lark had not told him about this particular quirk of the towers. He knew that the towers could release powerful beams of lightning from afar, but he was not aware that they could shoot out smaller, weaker orbs to strike out nearby foes.

Big Mona salivated upon realizing how amazing those devices were. Paying fifteen gold coins for each tower was definitely worth it.

Although the orbs could not kill the monsters in a single shot, the damage it inflicted was enough for the soldiers to finish them off. Furthermore, there were several dozens of orbs coming out of the tower after each charge. The ferocious beasts could not help but stagger and cower after being struck by the orbs from the towers. With several soldiers combining their strength, the monsters were slaughtered one after another.

When dusk came, over a thousand corpses of monsters were scattered on the ground. Thirty-six soldiers died in this wave – a surprisingly small amount considering the fact that the horde doubled in number than the previous siege.

The men responsible for building the obelisks – the Towers – stared at the innumerable dead bodies of monsters that filled the western area of the city. Heat surged within their chests. They had not expected that their hard work would pay off like this.

One of the Masons clenched his fists. “Men, starting tomorrow, we’ll work double time! We’ll grind our bones to dust if we have to! We’ll finish the remaining towers no matter what!”

“Yes, Sir!” all of his men enthusiastically responded.

If five towers brought such an impact in this wave, then how much more if all twenty of them were erected all throughout the entire city?

Chapter Eighteen

The next day, thousands of monster corpses were hauled and moved towards the warehouse of the Merchants Guild. Despite some protests, the officials of the city refused to burn the bodies. After all, as part of the deal, Lark now had full monopoly over the dead bodies.

Chryselle watched with dazed eyes as numerous men worked together to clear the walls and the roads of the monsters’ remains. She could still vividly remember it – that time when the monsters suddenly climbed over the walls and attacked the soldiers. Even in the library of Wizzert City, she had never read anything about these monsters – abominations resembling a gorilla and a frog.

As I thought… it must be him.

Wearing a hooded cloak, Chryselle looked at Lark from afar. Currently, the young man was giving out orders left and right.
Back in the Capital, Chryselle did not act rashly despite her speculations that Lark was the perpetrator behind the attack on Wizzert City. She simply observed him, since she did not have enough evidence to prove it.

But now, after following him and observing him for several weeks, she was sure. Lark Marcus was the one who defeated her brother and the rest of the magicians of Wizzert City – including her.

A bead of sweat started forming on Chryselle’s forehead as she recalled that dreadful night. That night when a single person boldly attacked the Tower of Wizzert.

Gravity Magic.

It was the spell used by Lark during that time. Before that fateful encounter, Chryselle and the magicians of Wizzert never knew that Gravity Magic could be used as an offensive spell. Some of their magicians were capable of using it, but they simply used it to move around goods and cargos.

But the spell used by Lark was on an entirely different realm. The spell was so strong that it forcefully crippled their magicians, rendering them unable to cast even a single spell and fight back. This was true even for her brother – the so-called strongest magician of Wizzert.

If her brother was not caught in that Grand Scale Magic, she wondered how the fight would have ended.
My brother wouldn’t lose…

Her brother was strong enough to fight two or three Royal Court Magicians at the same time. Surely, he wouldn’t lose so one-sidedly. But for some peculiar reason, Chryselle’s intuition was telling her otherwise. At the back of her mind, something was telling her that the results would have been the same no matter what.

No. Wait. This is not the reason I followed him here.

Chryselle shook her head. Her gaze landed on the two young men next to Lark. The two of them looked identical that it was easy to conclude that they were related by blood. Chryselle came here not to seek revenge, but to know the truth behind the magic circle.

When she first lost sight of the brothers at Wizzert, she thought that she would lose the chance to unravel the mystery forever. But after coming into the Capital and seeing Lark and sensing the familiar aura he gave off, she slowly put the pieces of the puzzle together. The reason why an unknown man suddenly attacked the magicians of Wizzert. How those two young men who did not even know any magic got hold of the perfected magic circle. It was not hard to come to a conclusion after personally experiencing all these things. Her speculations were solidified the moment she saw Lark together with the two brothers together in the Capital.

The brothers must have been serving a master. A master benevolent enough to pass to his disciples such precious magic circles.

And what would happen if the disciples of such a benevolent master were suddenly attacked without any reason?
Carnage. An immediate retaliation.

It was easy to see why Lark Marcus waged war with the magicians of Wizzert that night.

Those two are so lucky.

Chryselle bit her lips as a pang of jealousy rose within her. She could not help but be jealous of those two for finding such a master. Although Lark was absurdly strong, he was obviously someone reasonable. Just the incident at Wizzert proved this: although several hundreds of magicians were defeated, none of them ended up dead.

“You’ve been staring at the Young Master for quite some time now.” A deep voice rang out behind her.
A bit startled, Chryselle reflexively pulled her hood in. She turned around and met the gaze of a handsome man with golden hair. He easily towered almost two meters, and a sword hanged by his waist.

Chryselle knew him. Without a doubt, he was one of Lark Marcus’ disciples.

“Ah, no.” Caught off-guard, Chryselle was unable to give a proper response. “I’m just waiting for someone.”
She walked past him and disappeared amidst the crowd.

Anandra furrowed his brows. He could tell that that she was no ordinary woman. What did she want from the Young Master?

“Oi, Senior!” Austen waved at him from afar.

Lately, the brothers started calling him names like Grandpa, Senior, Gramps. This was after they were forced to run around the city several times as training. Although he was not that old, Anandra simply let it slide. There was no harm done, after all. Like they said, rashness is the mark of youth, tolerance is those of adults.

Anandra approached them. After lightly bowing his head to Lark, he turned to the brothers.
“Gramps, look at this!” George opened his palm, revealing a silver coin. “I earned this in just a day! Isn’t it amazing?!”

Austen pointed at the pile of monster corpses to their left. “George and I helped carry those corpses to the warehouse. The rotting smell of monster flesh sticks to the body, so only a few are willing to do it.”

“If it’s Gramps, you could probably do the work of five or ten men, right?” George winked. “It’s just a simple task that requires brute force. Just remember to treat your juniors later once you’ve recei—”

“—Not interested,” Anandra shot the idea down. “Young Master, I’ve received a message. The Lord of Lion City wishes to see you. Alone.”

Lark’s curiosity was piqued by the last statement. He heard a lot of things about the Lord of this City. He already expected that the man would summon him to the castle. After all, there was no doubt of Lark’s contribution to this monster wave’s victory. What Lark did not expect was that the Lord would wish to meet him alone.
Basically, he’s telling me not to involve the Merchants Guild – Big Mona – in this meeting.
“The Lord of Lion City, huh?” Lark smiled. The incompetent Lord who always chooses to hide himself during war wanted to finally meet him.

“Hey kids,” he tossed two silvers to the brothers. “Stop moving the dead bodies to the warehouse. Let other people handle it.”
“Eh? But my silver coins!” George protested.

Lark tossed another silver coin to him. Austen quickly caught it. “It’s an order from your master. Go back to the inn and wash yourselves. You stink.”

“Anandra, go to the Merchants Guild and tell Big Mona that I’ll be meeting the Lord of this City. Also remind him to load more iron ingots to the caravan going to Blackstone Town. We’ll be going home after this.”

A hint of excitement was seen within Anandra’s eyes upon hearing the words ‘going home’. He must have missed his family so much. More than two months have passed since they left home, after all.

“Understood!”

After parting with his disciples, Lark headed to the Lord’s Castle located at the Inner District. As the Lord of the City requested, he came alone. After informing the guards of his identity, a butler immediately ushered him inside and led him to a large room meant for receiving distinguished guests. Inside the room was a large portrait of a dashing man wearing a full plate armor. The man’s lips were subtly curled into a smirk, his eyes beaming with uttermost confidence.

“I was an active knight back then.”

A voice was heard near the door. An overweight man with exquisite garb had just entered the room. After seeing Lark staring at the portrait on the wall, the man added, “But no one can resist the passage of time.” The man sat down on the couch next to Lark. He gently smiled, “Look at me now, a husk of my former self.”

An awkward silence filled the room. The man, after receiving no response from Lark, coughed several times. “Ah, I forgot my manners. I should have first introduced myself.”

The man stood up, placed his right hand on his chest, then lightly bowed his head, “Valcres, Lord of Lion City.”
Lark also stood up and imitated the polite gesture of the Lord of Lion City. “Lark Marcus. Lord of Blackstone Town. It’s my pleasure to be invited by the Lord of this City.”

Unlike Big Mona, Lark did not have much information regarding this man before him. The fat merchant kept telling him that Valcres was nothing but an incompetent ruler, a bastard who refused to leave his position of power, but Lark refused to believe everything the merchant said, as the two were obviously antagonistic of each other.

“There’s no need to be so stiff,” chuckled Valcres. “Please, let us sit down.”

Lark had expected him to be crude and overbearing, but the way the man spoke was reminiscent of prudence.
The two of them sat down and Valcres lifted the teapot and started pouring tea over Lark’s cup.

“Thank you.” Lark observed the man before him. Despite being overweight, the man exuded elegance.
Valcres sipped his tea. He smiled and placed the cup down. “I heard that you’ve become business partners with Big Mona.”
There was a small pause. “That man must have said a lot of bad things about me, but I hope you’ll hear me out at the very least.”

Valcres took a stack of parchments and placed them on top of the table, pushing them towards Lark’s direction.

“I know you’re a busy man, so let me get straight to the point. Look at these.”
Lark’s read the topmost sheet and his eyes lightly shook upon reading it. “An all-out war with the Empire?”

Valcres nodded. “That’s right.”

Lark grabbed the stack of parchments and started reading them one by one.

After their city was attacked, the Empire declared an all-out war with the Kingdom of Lukas. Two of their main armies, led by General Alvaren and General Rizel, attacked the City of Yorkshaire, successfully conquering it in merely five days. The unprecedented appearance of the Magic Knight Unit of the Empire proved pivotal in the fall of Yorkshaire City.

Lark had not expected things to turn out this way. He thought that after experiencing the might of the mana bombs, the Empire would reconsider
attacking the Kingdom. But on the contrary, this single move backfired.

Instead of a peace treaty, the Empire declared an all-out war.

After Yorkshaire City was captured, Lui Marcus and Sword Master Alexander attacked the Empire’s soldiers with hopes of taking the fortress back, but sieging the fortress proved impossible with the Magic Knights protecting the entrances. Several smaller armies from the Empire came as reinforcement and Lui Marcus and the Sword Saint had no choice but to retreat with their men.

During their retreat, the remnants of the Yorkshaire Army were ambushed by the army of General Rizel. By estimate, only a fifth of the Yorkshaire Army survived the battle.

“Lui Marcus and the Sword Saint… lost?”

“That’s right. Your brother lost the war,” Valcres sighed. “That newspaper is something available only to the High Nobility. Even Barons will have a hard time getting their hands on that. But the result of war is inevitable. The news will soon spread far and wide. The so-called undefeated War God of the Western Front lost the battle. And now, the Empire is slowly invading the adjacent cities of Yorkshaire.”

Lark did not know how strong his older brother was, but for him to be called the God of War of the Western Front, his abilities must have been extraordinary.

Still, he found it hard to believe that the Sword Saint lost the battle. He had seen how that man fought the retreating beastmen before, using the vision crystal. The swordsmanship of Alexander was akin to being one with the sword.

“How many soldiers did the Empire bring this time?”

Last time, around twenty thousand soldiers tried to capture Yorkshaire City, but they failed.

“Fifty thousand soldiers, not including the soldiers from the smaller armies. By estimate, there’s probably sixty thousand of them occupying the Yorkshaire City and the Mountain Range right now. And it will only continue to increase even further.”

Lark understood what Valcres meant. Yorkshaire City was literally the stopper blocking the advance of the Empire. Now that it was captured, the Empire now had a free pass towards the Kingdom.
“Sixty thousand, huh.” Lark furrowed his brows. He could somehow understand how Lui Marcus and the Sword Saint lost. They were outnumbered by almost six times their number.

It seemed that the Empire was really serious about waging an all-out war with the Kingdom. The land of the Empire was vast, and bringing this much army to topple the Kingdom would mean that their defenses in the other areas would be thinned out.

“The reason I called you here – look at the fourth page of the article.” Lark flipped at that page. His eyes momentarily widened upon reading it.

According to it, it seemed that a rumor with him at the center was starting to spread among the masses. Although the news regarding the defeat of Lui Marcus and the Sword Saint had not spread far and wide yet, the news about the Empire’s declaration of an all-out war was known to many. According to the rumor, the reason why the Empire became so enraged and declared this war was because of Lark Marcus. The young noble was the one who proposed to directly attack the nearest city of the Empire, and this, in turn, earned the ire of the Empire.

“It’s just rumors, and I don’t believe you’re influential enough to propose such an attack, but you better steel yourself. These rumors will soon spread through these lands. And once the people learned of the War God’s defeat, the people would have no choice but to resent you – the root of all these things.”

Lark placed the news article back on the table. He remained stoic despite these revelations. “They’re not baseless rumors. It’s true. I’m the one who proposed the attack.”

Valcres’ opened then closed his mouth. “W-What?”

“I was too naïve, huh? I can’t believe I gave the Empire the perfect reason to finally declare an all-out war with us.”

A grin started forming on Lark’s lips. He was not afraid. They could all come and attack him if they wanted. He had experienced far more dangerous things than this back in his previous life, after all. Waging war with a tribe of Dragons or waging war with the Empire? The two were basically just the same.

“So, you called me here to warn me?” The previously stoic expression of Lark was now replaced with a mischievous grin. Seeing this, Valcres could
not help but calculate his next steps. He certainly did not expect Lark to react this way.
Valcres shook his head. “No. I’m here to tell you to stay.”

He grabbed the fourth page of the article and pointed at the left corner. “This thing written here. It’s a decree from the Royal Family. Nobles – Counts and those above in rank – are required to participate in the war. And by participate, they are required to send at least a thousand soldiers to aid the Kingdom in repelling the invaders.”

A thousand soldiers? Lark did not even have half the amount.

“Those that are unable to comply are required to personally come to the battlefield and oversee the army. That is the Royal Decree.”

It was a fair decree. As the rulers of their lands, it’s only natural for the nobles to come and fight for their territories once the time comes. With this decree, the Anti-Royal Faction and even the fence-sitters would have no choice but to participate. The only problem was with nobles like Lark who held a high status but without a proper army to back it up. Nobles like him would have no choice but to come to the front lines and personally oversee the Kingdom’s army.

“I haven’t even returned to Blackstone Town yet,” he smirked.

“Not necessarily,” Valcres grinned broadly. “I’ll lend you a thousand of this City’s soldiers. You wouldn’t have to go. But in exchange, you will stay here and build more towers for the City. How’s that sound to you?”

Valcres’ voice sounded more enthusiastic than usual, as though he struck a pot of gold.

Lark looked at Valcres and his still broadly smiling face.

He finally realized the goal of this man before him.

At first, he thought that the evaluation of Big Mona was wrong. That the Lord of Lion City was nothing like the rumors. But now, Lark realized that the merchant was actually speaking the truth.

This man maybe not be totally incompetent, but he was surely a coward.

He was probably still afraid of those monsters from the Lake.

If Lark left for the front lines, who would manage the towers? This was probably the thoughts running through the Lord’s mind right now.

Big Mona’s speaking the truth, huh?
Lark quickly hid his thoughts. He smiled, “That sounds like a tempting idea —”
Valcres nodded, “—That’s right! As long as we accomplish the have the amount of soldiers sent to the front lines, there’ll be no need for you to come! Of course, we’ll have to wai—”

“—But I humbly decline.” Lark stood up, placed his hand on his chest and bowed. “This visit has been worthwhile. But I have somewhere else I have to visit after this, please excuse me.”

Lark bent down and grabbed the news articles. “Ah, and can I have these?” he shamelessly asked.
Valcres stared at the parchments, then at Lark. “You can, I no longer need them. But can you tell me the reason first? I don’t see any merit in you to refusing my offer.”

Valcres sounded agitated, and was starting to overlap with the incompetent image Big Mona always bespoke of him.
Lark paused, looked up at the ceiling as though it held the answer, then smiled at Valcres. He shrugged, “It’s not enticing enough, I guess?”
Valcres gnashed his teeth at that answer. His smiling façade completely slid down his face.
“You do understand, right? That if you refuse this offer, you’ll be sent to the front lines.”

“I do. And it’s not like there’s a fixed time limit to this. You said that the news of the War God’s defeat hasn’t spread through the entire Kingdom yet. Then I should have a month or two at most before I’m forcefully summoned. My soldiers should be ready by then.”

Valcres scoffed, “Your soldiers will be ready by then?” Lark simply smiled and did not retort.

A month or two should be enough to prepare those soldiers.

If the Empire has their Magic Knight Unit… Then what should I call them?

The Iron Knight Unit?

A horrible naming sense. Lark decided to think about the name later.

It was true that Lark was the one who sparked this all-out war with the Empire. As such, he did not wish to simply sit back and watch from the
sidelines. Once he had finished creating his soldiers, he decided to march towards the frontlines.

Chapter Nineteen

Lark and his men finally returned to Blackstone Town. Gaston immediately went out to greet them right at the town’s entrance, as though he had been waiting for them to come back every single day. For a moment, the old man’s teary face overlapped with those of a wife eagerly waiting for her husband to arrive.

“Young Master! I’m so glad you’re back!” The old man’s face was a mixture of relief and anticipation.

Lark went down the carriage and scanned his immediately surroundings. He tapped at the ground with his foot. “You’ve completed the roads?”
When they left for the Capital, this part of the town wasn’t paved yet. Tracing the road with his eyes, Lark noticed that it was no longer dirt and rubble. Even the unpaved areas were filled with cobblestones. With this, travelling through the town via cart would be much easier.

“Yes. Like you’ve ordered, we did not halt the progress of the infrastructures of the town. The Young Master may not see it here, but the Eastern District has become an entirely different place from before.”
Lark understood what the butler was trying to say. Since Lark repeatedly emphasized the importance of improving the new homes of the residents of Blackstone Town, the Eastern District was the area being developed the most right now. Most probably, it was starting to resemble the major cities in terms of infrastructure and design.

The butler adjusted his monocles. He peeked at Lark from top to foot, as though scanning the Young Master’s body for any visible injuries. “More importantly… Young Master, what are those?”

The butler pointed at the numerous carts lined up behind Lark. A peculiar stench was coming out of them.

Lark looked behind him. He noticed that the residents who stopped by to look at their entourage were crinkling their noses in disgust.

“Corpses.” Lark went to one of the carts and lifted the cover up, revealing a dangling hand of a gorilla-like monster. The residents who saw it screamed in fright, while some grimaced in disgust.

Gaston creased his brows, “Are all those… filled with dead bodies?”
Lark nodded, “Gaston, free up some space in the underground chamber. Store the bodies there. I suppose you’ve received the iron ingots from the city?”

Gaston remembered that several days ago, more than a hundred iron ingots were suddenly delivered to the Mansion. According to the merchants, they were materials personally brought by Lark. “Yes. They’re being stored at the basement. Should I ask the servants to move them somewhere?”

“There’s no need for that.”

After Lark arrived at the Mansion, he donned a simple cloak and left to check the town. While walking around, he noticed several new faces among the crowd. According to Gaston, a few hundred men and women migrated to Blackstone Town while Lark was gone. This was probably the result of the propaganda in Lion City – their posted advertisements about open jobs at Blackstone Town. Those who were seeking to have a fresh start, and those who were unsuccessful in settling down in Lion City, were naturally attracted by these proposals.

And there’s the monster invasion too.

The constant invasion of the monsters of the Lake in Lion City also played a huge role in the influx of residents in Blackstone Town. Without Lark noticing, the number of people living in Blackstone Town now exceeded one thousand. Luckily, due to the developments being made left and right, despite the influx of new residents, everyone easily settled in and found jobs.

Lark went to the Eastern District, and to his surprise, the place was bustling with life. In accordance to his design, they created a plaza at the center of the Eastern District, with the newly built houses surrounding it. Naturally, business-minded individuals set up stalls at the plaza. When Lark inspected the area, over a hundred people were gathered there, as though the place had become a market.

“We need more people to clear the Eastern part of the Endless Forest!” “I need an assistant for my tailoring shop!”

The place also served as the perfect recruitment site for newly opened jobs.

Lark was about to go and inspect the Mines when he noticed a familiar face among the crowd. He had not expected that person to be there, shouting and recruiting for men.
“Six silvers and thirty coppers! Join our team! Free meals are provided!”

It was Silver Claw, the Mason in-charge of nearly all developments in this town. Lark had not expected a man as busy as him to be here, recruiting people of all things.

Lark pulled the hood over his head then stealthily approached him. “Hey, what are you doing?”

Hearing the familiar voice, the Mason turned around and saw Lark staring at him.

Silver Claw scratched his stubbles and awkwardly laughed. “Ah, Y-Young Master. I didn’t know that you’re finally here!”
“Cut the crap. I’m asking you. What are you doing?”

He was the Mason of Blackstone Town. His time would definitely be better spent on more important things.
Silver Claw sighed, “I don’t know what happened, but the demand for kalrane stones shot to the roof this month. As a result, more people started joining the mining team. We’ve started losing men.”

Lark immediately understood what happened. Since the towers were powered up using the kalrane stones, it was only natural for the demand to shot through the roof. It was to the point that the supply could hardly keep up with the demand. Although the kalranes were rechargeable, more and more towers were currently being built in Lion City. Furthermore, each use consumed a lot of stones. The demand should continue to rise until the towers’ completion.

Unlike the other professions, the miners were compensated based on their output. Therefore, if one worked harder than the rest, or if they were lucky enough, it was possible to earn twice or thrice more than the usual pay. The sudden demand for kalranes resulted to more and more people joining the mining team. No wonder even Silver Claw himself started recruiting for more men.

“The demand for kalranes should return to normal in the next three months,” Lark quickly made an estimate. “More importantly, did you make it? That thing I tasked you to make before I left for the Capital?”

At this question, Silver Claw grinned, “Of course. It’s the Young Master’s request, after all. I’ll show it to you. Please follow me.”
Silver Claw led him to a newly-finished stone building in the Eastern District. A placard made of wood was placed at the entrance.

“Welcome to Blackstone Town’s library.” Silver Claw’s voice was filled with pride.

The two of them entered. But unlike its grand name, the ground floor was filled with nothing but empty bookshelves, chairs, and tables.

“It took us two months to build everything, including that thing on the third floor. I was doubtful at first, but after the product was finished, the results turned out amazing. Just like what the Young Master said.”

With Silver Claw leading the way, they passed through the second floor, which also consisted of empty bookshelves, chairs, and tables, with two large rooms next to the stairs. But on the third floor, two large metallic structures were displayed. One of them was composed of smaller metallic blocks with letters carved out on them. The other one was made out of a large tube, with two flat metallic sheets below.

These two items were meant to mass produce books for Lark’s people to use. The former was meant for writing, while the latter was meant for mass producing paper. Although the quality would be hardly any different than those seen in the cities – maybe a bit worse – mass producing books would be possible.

“How’s the ink?” Lark noticed that the small blocks of letter had smudges of bluish ink on them.
“Better than expected.” Silver Claw tapped the machine twice. “This thing here is a beast. I tested it myself and the ink really sticks to the parchments and dries easily. And this thing’s pretty easy to use. If the Young Master could allocate more budget, we can make more of them.”

“How many papers can that thing make in a day? And how many books can it make?”

Silver Claw raised five fingers. “Five books at most. And there’s no problem with the number of papers it can produce.”

Basically, the second machine could produce as much papers as they wanted as long as they have enough materials. Luckily, the trees in the Endless Forest were good materials in making papers. The machines would do the menial task of grinding them into pulps, and after adding water, the
metallic sheets would flatten them before they are dried. It would then be cut by the machine into finer pieces.
Silver Claw grabbed a sheet from the pile of brown papers next to the machine and handed it to Lark. “Like you’ve ordered, we’ve already made several stacks of them. The ones stored here should be enough to make several dozens of books.”

Lark inspected the paper handed to him. It looked nothing like those seen in the Magic Empire. This paper looked dirty, as though it was drenched in mud, but it was a lot cheaper than buying them from the city.

“Young Master, are you really going to hand out free books to everyone?” Silver Claw was doubtful. As a former resident of Lion City, he was aware of how expensive books were.

“Not everyone,” corrected Lark. “Only to those who know how to read and write. How could they read the books, otherwise?”

“Then…” Silver Claw realized the implications of this statement. “Only those in the military will receive them?”
“For now, yes. But I plan to fix that problem soon. It’s time we start the basic education of my subjects.”
Silver Claw pondered at this statement. Although people like him who already knew how to read and write and knew how important it was, not everyone thought alike. There would surely be people who would be averse to learning new things. Since they do not need literary skills in farming and building, not everyone would attend this so-called basic education, despite it being free.

Lark also thought the same. “Eighty coppers each month. Everyone who finished basic education – reading and writing – will receive a discount of eighty coppers each month on rent. They will also be prioritized in job recruitments. Also, promotions will be given only to those who’d finished the basic education course.”

Silver Claw’s eyes widened upon hearing this. It was simple, yet ingenious

– as expected of the Young Master. . With just this, the residents would be enticed and would enter the basic education course on their own, without coercion. Eighty coppers may not look much, but it was a lot of money in this small town.

“You said you’ve made enough papers to make dozens of books, correct?”
Silver Claw nodded, “Yes.”

“Then let’s start.” Lark took out a book, around fifty pages long. “We’ll mass produce this one and hand it to everyone.”

Silver Claw read the title on the cover, “Principles of a Just Sovereign?”

Back in Lion City, he had read a decent number of books in his youth. He was unfamiliar with this one, however.
“Who wrote it, Sir?”

“Evander Alaester. You know him?”

Silver Claw never heard of that name before. “No, Sir.”

Lark grinned, “Of course. It’s been a thousand and a half years, after all.”

Lark ignored the quizzical look on the Mason’s face. He removed his cloak and started placing papers into the machine.

“Let’s test them, shall we?” Lark licked his lips.

Under Lark’s guidance, the machine moved as though it had a life of its own. Despite the complexity of stamping letters on paper, the metal blocks moved non-stop. Had the Mason not known any better, he would have thought that Lark had been using this same machine for several years now.

“Amazing.”

Silver Claw’s mouth was half-opened. He had used the machine before to test it, but he did not expect that it could be used this way. The way the blocks moved and stamped letters was beyond his imagination. With this, as long as people got used to it, mass producing books would take only a matter of time.

After finishing a book, Lark wiped the bead of sweat on his forehead. His eyes were gleaming in satisfaction. This was the first step to his goal of educating his subjects.

“Evander Alaester,” he chuckled. “It’ll be a good pen name.”

Chapter Twenty

Meanwhile, at a city near the Western Front of the Kingdom.

Lancaster, the oldest son and current successor of House Kelvin gnashed his teeth as he listened to his subordinate’s report. He had not expected things to devolve like this. Just a few weeks ago, they were slaughtering the damnable dogs of the Empire. Now, not only have they lost Yorkshaire City, but it also seemed that the Imperial Army was currently marching towards his territory.

“General Rizel is personally leading them, my Lord,” his men finished their report.

Lancaster knew this already. After all, just five days ago, the nearby city of Anatacia was ravaged to the ground by that damn bastard.

His head started to throb as he ordered his men to leave the room. He chugged down the bottle of wine, tossing the bottle to the ground as he finished. He leaned on his chair and sighed.

“Damn it,” he growled. “God damn it.”

A few weeks ago, the Kingdom horribly lost the battle at the Western Front and more than half of the soldiers Lancaster sent to aid the Kingdom lost their lives. To make things worse, instead of heading straight towards the Capital, the Empire started capturing the nearby cities one by one.

Right now, the army personally led by General Rizel was heading southwest. It would only be a matter of time before they arrive at Lancaster’s territory.

Lancaster groaned. He felt like vomiting on the ground. He had never felt this pressured before in his entire life.

Most of his soldiers died in battle a few weeks ago. He could not see how he could possibly defend the City against the attack of the Empire with just a little more than a thousand soldiers under his command.

The King promised to scour up more soldiers and send reinforcements. Where were they? He had sent numerous messengers to the Capital, but for
some reason, none of them returned. Even the messengers he sent to the Kelvin Duchy to request reinforcements did not return.

Were they killed by the Empire?

Lancaster shook his head.

It was not impossible, but the probability of it was low.

Based on the reports of the scouts, the Army led by General Rizel would take at least two more days before reaching this place. There was no way for them to kill all seven messengers at once.

As he was contemplating on the next steps he should make, a pallid soldier entered the room. His face looked like someone who had seen a ghost.

“M-My Lord! T-The army! The army is here!”

Lancaster shot up from his seat. His eyes widened to the point of popping. “Army? What army?! The reinforcement from the Capital finally arrived, huh?”

Just by looking at the terrified face of the man who made the report, it was apparent which army the man was pertaining too. But Lancaster tried to dismiss the thought with all his might. The army of General Rizel was supposed to arrive two days from now. There was no way they would suddenly appear here just like that.

Lancaster anxiously waited for the soldier’s response. His head throbbed as he fervently prayed to the Gods.

“T-The Rizel Army, Sir! The army led by General Rizel was seen near the entrance of Ante Valley!”

Lancaster held his breath. His entire body shook as he tried to process the words the soldier spat out. Surprise and astonishment slowly turned into fear, and fear slowly turned into anger.

He roared, “What do you mean by Ante Valley! That’s only two or three hours from this City! What are the scouts doing?! Why did they let the enemy come this close to our city without reporting?!”

The muscular son of Duke Kelvin grabbed his hair and ripped it out. He bit his lips hard and blood started flowing down. For a moment, his vision
darkened with rage.

“M-My Lord? Are you alright?”

There was silence. The soldier swallowed dry spit.

Seconds seemed like eternity passed. Eventually, Lancaster gathered himself. He sighed and grabbed the suit of armor next to the wall and donned it.

“My Lord?” the soldier asked again.

“We’re moving out,” Lancaster finally decided.

He was afraid, terribly afraid of the Empire. After all, he only had a little more than a thousand soldiers at his disposal right now. If he idled here any longer, the Rizel Army would eventually reach the city and ravage it to the ground.

With great haste, Lancaster gathered his army. In just half an hour, all available forces started moving out.

A thousand and a half strong army.

Just this alone would not be enough to stop the Rizel Army, Lancaster knew this. But since his city was not enclosed in a wall, a siege was not an option. He had no choice but intercept the enemies near the end of Ante Valley.

He planned on using the geographical advantage to hold them off here, at least until reinforcements arrived.

“Damn dogs,” he mumbled. Their army was currently marching towards the valley. “Once the reinforcements from the Kingdom arrived, you’ll see. It’ll crush you damn bastards.”

Since they knew this land like the back of their palm, they managed to get to the end of Ante Valley at the shortest time. He immediately sent out several of his most nimble men to scout the area ahead. A few minutes passed and the scouts came back with their reports.

“The Imperial Army just entered through the Mouth of the Naga, My Lord,” reported one of the scouts. “By estimate, there’s a thousand of them. All are cavalry, sir.”
The Mouth of the Naga was a famous location in Ante. It was the narrowest path when passing through the valley.

“Only a thousand soldiers?” Lancaster Kelvin doubted the report. He frowned, “Ranz.”

“My Lord,” the leader of the scouts saluted.

“Form five teams and scout the surrounding area, just to be sure. I don’t believe the Rizel army brought only a thousand soldiers with them. There’s a very high chance that this is a trap.”

Upon receiving their orders, the scouts immediately moved out. After some time, they came back. And to Lancaster’s astonishment, it was the same report as before.

“My Lord, there are no other armies nearby.”

Slowly, a smile formed on Lancaster’s face. He could finally breathe a sigh of relief after confirming the number of enemies. Since the one thousand strong army was composed entirely of cavalries, there was a high chance that they were just the vanguard, that the rest of the army would follow soon afterwards.

This was a once in a lifetime chance.

Even if this army was just the vanguard, successfully annihilating them would halt the advance of the Rizel Army. Lancaster was hoping that it would buy them enough time, at least until the reinforcements from the Capital arrived.

Against an enemy of the same number, Lancaster was confident of holding his ground. After all, he personally trained the soldiers of his territory. He was confident that they would not lose even against the dogs of the Empire.

“Ranz, activate the traps once they leave the Mouth of the Naga,” Lancaster issued out his command. “Elias Unit! Macaroth Unit! Intercept the enemies! Make sure to block their path of escape! Archers, on me!”

“Yes, Sir!”

“Yes, My Lord!”
Lancaster and his men moved out. The group led by Ranz spread out at the top of the valley, ready to push down several dozens of boulders towards the enemies below. As long as they moved towards the exit of the Mouth of the Naga, it would undoubtedly become their victory. The Imperial soldiers who would manage to survive the boulders would then be killed by the arrows. And just to be sure, the exit was also further blocked by the soldiers of Lancaster, leaving no way out.

The moment the enemies decided to enter this valley, they have thrown away their chances at victory.

How foolish.

Lancaster smirked. The cavalry below would soon reach the end of the Mouth of the Naga. With just a wave of his hand, boulders would rain down and crush the bastards to death.

Just a little bit more.

The army below did not even have the faintest idea that they were being surrounded in all directions by now. Just a little bit more and they would right below the traps.

And the imperial army suddenly stopped.

“What’s happening? Why did they suddenly stop?” mumbled one of Lancaster’s men.

Lancaster also had the same question in his mind. His intuition was telling him right now that something was not right. As he intently observed the enemies below, he noticed a middle-aged soldier issue out some kind of command. A few moments after that, the enemies roused their horses and like veterans, made their mounts turn and face the other way around. The sound of horses neighing reverberated in the valley.

To Lancaster’s utter surprise, the enemies slapped their horses and moved out of the valley at a tremendous speed incomparable to before.

What’s happening? Why were they retreating?

Lancaster found it regrettable that they were unable to thoroughly crush the bastards, but looking from another perspective, this sudden and unexplained
retreat would work to his advantage. With this, they have bought themselves more time until the reinforcements from the Capital arrived.

“My Lord, should we give chase?” asked Ranz.

After a moment of hesitation, Lancaster shook his head. “Don’t chase. But just to be safe, send several men to scout the area. I don’t know why those bastards suddenly left the valley, but they might suddenly come back. Be ready to activate the traps at all times.”

Ranz saluted. “Understood!”

Several scouts moved out to spy on the retreating imperial army. After receiving reports that the enemies had indeed left the area, Lancaster decided to go back to the city, leaving several scouts behind to report just in case the enemies came back.

But to his horror, what awaited him was a city in rubbles. Numerous dead bodies littered the streets and several decapitated heads were displayed on the entrance. The words ‘Welcome Back’ were written with blood on a wooden placard.

An ominous fog filled the entire city.

Lancaster’s entire body quivered. He stared at the heads displayed at the city’s entrance. Those agonized faces before death. Those lifeless eyes. Without a doubt, those heads belonged to wives, daughters, and sons.
“What happened here?!” Lancaster growled, his voice reminiscent of an animal whimpering. “What happened to the city?!”

They have been gone for only a couple of hours but when they came back, the city was already in ruins.

Lancaster’s eyes darkened with rage. He wanted to find and tear whoever did this into shreds. His intuition was telling him that the Rizel Army was involved in this.

Damn bastard. I’ll kill him!

“Your orders, Sir?”

The officers of his army were trembling with rage. They, too, wanted to find the enemies and slaughter them.
“This fog is dangerous. We can’t just go in. Be careful of—” “—Of what?” a voice interjected.

Lancaster and his men immediately pulled out their weapons upon hearing this.

Like a ghost, an old man started appearing from inside the fog. The old man was missing an arm and his left cheek had a large burn mark. Just these two characteristics alone were enough to reveal the identity of this person before them.

General Rizel. The Ghost of the Empire.

The fog currently enclosing the city was probably because of his magic.

“Rizel!” Lancaster’s growl was that of a wild animal. He gripped his sword tight. Every fiber of his being was itching to cut down the bastard.
General Rizel chuckled, “Alvaren was right. It’s indeed wiser to destroy the nearby cities first before attacking the Capital. Did you know? All the previous City Lords had the same expressions before they died.”

Slowly, General Rizel’s figure started blending with the fog. He smiled broadly, his eyes predatory. “They said that the Kelvin Duchy has the second strongest military, next only to the Marcus Army. But looking at you now… how disappointing.”

The last few words echoed, and General Rizel’s figure vanished entirely. Lancaster and his men warily looked around them in anticipation of an attack.

Lancaster’s eyes momentarily shook as he heard a familiar sound. Arrows!

“Shields up!”

With his decades of experience in the battlefield, Lancaster managed to issue out the proper command at the most crucial time. The soldiers raised their shields and successfully blocked the valley of arrows that suddenly came out of the fog.

Lancaster skillfully parried the arrows that came his way using his sword.

The fog enclosing the city was becoming denser with each passing moment.
He knew that fighting in this place would mean death. Even his soldiers knew this too, but the mere fact that the enemies have occupied the entire city entrenched them to the ground, rendering them unable to retreat.
That cunning old man from the Empire purposefully made this city the battlefield to force Lancaster and his men to battle inside the thick fog. They could still retreat right now, but what would happen to the residents in the city?

They heard of the cruel acts of General Rizel before. Without a doubt, if Lancaster and his men fell back, the survivors in the city would be massacred down to the last man.

The fog crept towards them, enveloping several of his men. From inside the fog, arrows shot out.

“Fall back! Get out of the fog!” shouted Lancaster.

But despite his orders, most of those inside the fog did not manage to get out. The name ‘Ghost of the Empire’ was proving its notoriety here.

General Rizel belonged to the last generation. Some even said that he’s a relic of the past era. The battle tactic he was currently executing right now – The Fog of War – was well-discussed in military academies. Lancaster first heard of it back when he was still a student.

They said that once you’re inside the Fog of War, it’ll be impossible to get out. Even veterans of war would lose their lives. After all, it’ll be impossible to defend against thousands of enemies without one’s eyesight.

Even the supposedly impregnable Yorkshaire City fell in just a few days because of this cheap tactic.

“My Lord, we should probably retreat for now.” Ranz finally said to him.

The fog continued creeping into them, as though it had a life of its own. If they dallied here any longer, they would eventually fall prey to the enemy.

Lancaster gnashed his teeth, “Damn it.” He breathed in and shouted, “Retreat! All units on me! Retreat!”

The soldiers were a bit hesitant, since their families were inside the city, but they all understood that their Lord’s order was the correct course of action right now.
With Lancaster at the lead, the army retreated towards the Ante Valley. They planned on going northeast, towards the Forest of Aeowa, before heading straight to the Kelvin Duchy. The Duchy had at least fifteen thousand soldiers protecting its territory. Even General Rizel would hesitate before attacking that place.

“My Lord, the army of General Army is close to approaching this place,” said Ranz. “If we don’t hasten our pace—”

“—I know already!” spat Lancaster. With the threat of the Rizel army behind them, Lancaster and his men hastened their pace.

Soon, they reached the Mouth of the Naga. The place where the traps were placed.

