
“Of course, My Lord.”

“With the school building finished, I want you to allocate more men for the road projects,” said Lark. “The road leading to Lion City will be our priority.”

The main road leading to the heart of Blackstone Town was already complete, and it branched into several smaller roads leading to different key locations in the territory.

With the discovery of the sixth and seventh area in the mines, the number of kalranes produced each day increased by half. Lark ordered the officials to allocate a third of the kalranes they mined each day for Blackstone Town. They used these kalrane stones to light up the newly built residential district, and some were also installed at the road leading toward Lion City.

There had been incidences of people stealing the kalrane stones installed on top of wooden posts, but with the recent establishment of the police, such incidences dwindled.

Three loud knocks were heard on the door. Upon opening, a servant mumbled something to the butler then handed him a sealed letter.

After the servant left, Gaston handed the letter to Lark.

“This is?” Lark stared at the blue seal.

“A letter from the Temple of Nereus,” said Gaston.

“The Temple of the Water God?” Lark ripped open the letter and started reading its contents.

The first part was filled with pleasantries. The temple praised Lark for his valor during the war with the Empire. They also praised him for culling the Black Famine, and for defeating the Third Legion of the United Grakas Alliance.

The second part contained the real message.

Lark fell silent for a moment as he pondered. The offer of the temple would definitely elevate the status of his territory, but he was still unsure of the temple’s real aim—the reason why they were giving the lord of a small town such favor.

“They wish to build a temple in Blackstone Town,” Lark said to Gaston.

Gaston’s eyes glimmered in excitement. “T-That’s great! A temple under one of the seven Gods is among the prerequisites for a town to become a city!”

Lark agreed. It was indeed godsend that they would no longer have to request to have a temple built in Blackstone Town. In this Kingdom, there were five prerequisites in order for a town to be elevated into a city: a population of at least five thousand, an established temple under one of the seven Gods, a local government, a merchants guild, and a royal charter.

With the current influx of immigrants from various territories in the east, they would eventually reach a population of five thousand by next year. Establishing a merchants guild would be tricky but feasible, especially with the help of Big Mona. And now that the Priests of Nereus had voiced their wish to establish a temple in Blackstone Town, all that was left was the royal charter from the crown.

But something was bothering Lark. He found it eerie that the Priests of Nereus had suddenly reached out to them now, of all times. What was their aim?

There’s no use in overthinking things. Lark shook off unnecessary thoughts.

He said to Gaston, “Send a letter to the Temple of the Water God in Lion City. Tell them that I am giving them the approval to build a temple in Blackstone Town. If they need any help in establishing the temple, I want you to assist them as much as possible.”

Gaston bowed. “As you wish, My Lord.”

After the butler left the office, loud footsteps were heard in the hallway. Someone yanked the door open.

Princess Esmeralda, along with her five knights walked briskly toward Lark’s desk. They were panting, as though they had run all the way toward this place.

“What’s the matter, Princess?” Lark decided to ignore the fact that the princess had suddenly barged in unannounced. Judging by their faces, the reason for their visit must be important.

“They found the flower!” the princess said, breathlessly.

She slammed a newspaper onto Lark’s desk. “I received this from the traveling merchants just a while ago.”

The princess was agitated, while the knights were visibly tense. Lark took the newspaper and read its contents.

It had been more than a month since His Majesty collapsed. The king still showed no signs of waking up. The ministers tried to quell the rumors,

but speculation had already spread among the citizens of the Kingdom.


The majority believed that this incident was a ploy of the Emperor, a retaliation after the Empire’s defeat in Yorkshaire. But there was speculation that the king had been cursed by a powerful magician. A curse powerful enough to resist healing spells of high priests and royal court magicians.

Who is it? Who is the perpetrator targeting the life of His Majesty?

The expedition team, they sent out over a month ago to obtain a certain item to cure His Majesty, have finally returned. Out of eighty-nine men, only five have returned alive. The royal court magicians who accompanied them —The Fortress and The Sylphid—both perished in battle. Their captain managed to return alive, but lost his right arm during their escape. The four other knights who escaped with him are currently in critical condition. The five of them are currently recuperating in the Temple of the Earth in Boris County.

Losing the royal knights, an elite unit, is a terrible blow to the Kingdom. Unfortunately, no one knows if the expedition was a success—if they managed to obtain that certain item.

The citizens of the Kingdom want to know—

—If His Majesty dies, who will ascend the throne?

After he finished reading the newspaper, Lark leaned on his chair and momentarily stared at the ceiling. The expedition team was almost annihilated. In order to obtain the Tears of Ubroxia, almost a hundred elite knights died in the process.

“You said they found the flower?” said Lark. He hadn’t read any news regarding it in the paper.

The Princess nodded. She looked at Parzival.

“That’s right,” said Parzival. “We’ve sent the capital the list of items we’ll need to sever the curse of His Majesty. We received their reply just now, and they told us that the flower is already on its way to the capital.”

“I see,” said Lark.

It made sense that a different group was tasked to deliver the Tears of Ubroxia to the capital. The captain was severely injured and his men who’d managed to survive were in critical condition.

“We’ve got the flower,” said Lark. “Now we’ll only need the mithril for the phylactery, plus a high-grade mana stone.”

The rest of the items needed to sever the curse were easy to find, aside from those two he mentioned.

Parzival made a signal to his comrades. The other knights placed a leather sack on top of Lark’s desk.

“Mithril ingots. Three of them,” said Parzival. “And one high-grade mana stone. All were sent by Lady Ropianna herself.”

Lark was surprised by the latter part of Parzival’s statement. He hadn’t expected that royal court magician to send all of these highly-coveted items to him, a mere lord of a small town.

“Although there are limits to her magic, Lady Ropianna is a seer,” said the Princess. “She must have judged your method to be correct.”

“It’s pretty hard to gather all these items, even with the help of the royal family,” added Parzival. “She must have gone to great lengths just to obtain them. I heard that the high-grade mana stone was taken out of the Lady’s family heirloom.”

Hearing this, it was apparent that the royal court magician did everything she could to obtain the items Lark listed.

“A seer,” Lark mumbled, his interest piqued.

Even back in the Magic Empire, people capable of seeing glimpses of the future were rare. They were highly coveted, no matter where they went.

Although several lives were lost in the process, with the help of this so-called seer, they were now only a few steps away from curing His Majesty. As long as Agares was no stronger than a High Demon, everything should work perfectly. They should be able to sever the link entirely.

“Send another message to the capital,” said Lark. “Tell them that they should absolutely not use the Tears of Ubroxia, no matter what.”

Parzival saluted. “I will send the fastest messenger right away.”

“We’ll depart for Lion City tomorrow morning to meet the blacksmith.” Lark looked at the leather sack containing the mithril ingots. “If everything proceeds smoothly, it should be possible to complete the phylactery in a week.”

Garma managed to complete the mithril cubes in just two weeks. Creating the phylactery should be a piece of cake for a blacksmith of his caliber. The sooner the blacksmith finished it, the better.

“And one more thing.” Lark raised a finger. “We need a desolated place to perform the ritual. Plus an army and several magicians.”

“An army?” Parzival shot a quizzical gaze.

“Yes. An army,” repeated Lark. “If by some rotten luck the ritual fails —if the fragment of the demon called Agares breaks the phylactery—we’ll end up face-to-face with that monster. In my current state, even I will find it

hard to defeat a High Demon all by myself. We’ll need all the reinforcements we can possibly get. We don’t want to involve innocent people in this mess. We need a place devoid of innocent civilians, a place to conduct the ritual.”

CHAPTER 16

Unlike when Lark first left his territory to embark on a journey toward the capital, he no longer felt unsettled leaving the management of the town in his subordinates’ hands. He was now confident of his men’s capabilities. He was sure that they would manage Blackstone Town properly during his absence.

Lark summoned the officials of his territory to his office.

“I’ll be gone for a couple of months,” said Lark. “Although I can’t disclose the exact reason why… I’ll be heading to the capital.”

“You’re leaving again?” said Silver Claw.

It felt like just yesterday when Lark gathered his soldiers and went to the western front to participate in the war against the Empire.

“It can’t be helped,” said Lark. “There are things which need my physical presence. I’ll be looking forward to seeing the Town Hall. I hope it’s complete by the time I come back.”

“Sounds like you’ll be gone for quite some time.” Silver Claw scratched his cheeks. He was the only officer in this room who could talk informally with Lark. “The Town Hall will be done before autumn ends. Leave it to me.”

“End of autumn, huh?”

Lark was reminded that winter was looming. That season marked his first year since coming to this timeline.

Lark slid a document toward Pico. “This the proof of payment for the livestock we’ve ordered from Lion City. Six pairs of cattle, ten pairs of goats, fifteen sheep, five horses.” Pico took the document and slowly read the first page. “It’ll take some time, but I hope that there will come a time when we’ll no longer have to order livestock from the nearby territories. Coordinate with Silver Claw for the sheds. Be sure everything’s done before winter arrives.”

“Yes, Young Lord!”

The south was a vast grassland. It was the perfect place for the animals to graze around.

“Oliver,” said Lark.

“Yes, My Lord!”

“While I’m gone, you’ll have full authority over the northern and western farmlands,” said Lark. “Although we already have enough food stored in the granaries to last us throughout winter, the rise in our territory’s population is steep. I want all of the wheat seeds planted in the Northern

Land by the end of this month. Remember, there’s no such thing as too much food—we can always export the excess to the surrounding regions.”
“Leave it to me, Lord.” Oliver bowed his head. “We’re already halfway done with planting the seeds. I’m confident in meeting our Lord’s deadline.”

Lark nodded in satisfaction at this. “Very well. I expect a lot from you.” He looked at all of the officers in the room. “The same goes for everyone here. Coordinate with each other while I’m away.”

“Yes, Lord!”

***

Along with all of his disciples, the princess, and her knights, Lark made his way to Lion City. Unlike before, the road leading toward the city was visibly more secure: mercenaries hired by the merchants guild patrolled the road, and some of the paths were lit by kalrane stones. They even passed by a small cabin, which served as a garrison for the mercenaries, on their way to the city.

After arriving at the city, Lark went straight to the smithy, while the rest of the group lodged at an inn.

Upon the princess’ insistent request, Chryselle ended up sharing the same room with Her Highness.

Princess Esmeralda sat on the bed and patted the wool blanket. “Hey, at this rate, I’ll never learn how to use magic, will I?”

Chryselle didn’t immediately respond to the princess’ question. She carefully thought of her next words. “You can, Your Highness. But becoming a disciple of Master Lark is out of the question.” Chryselle slowly added, “But you can always learn from someone else. You’re a princess of this Kingdom, after all.”

A few weeks ago, Chryselle heard from Lark himself that he had no intentions of teaching the princess any spells. According to him, the princess lacked the fundamentals to become a decent magician. She had mediocre mana pool, and her talent in magic was very subpar. Chryselle confirmed this herself when the princess asked her to teach her the magic basics.

The princess would eventually become capable of casting first-tier to second-tier spells if she persevered, but that was probably her limit. She would not achieve greater heights than this.

The princess slumped on the bed. She sighed. “You’re a princess of the kingdom, after all—I’ve heard these words a lot, even when I was still at the capital. It’s frustrating. Whenever people look at me, they only see my status as the princess of this country.”

Chryselle simply listened and didn’t utter a reply. As one of the elders of the Magic Tower, she understood what the Princess was going through right now.

“Princess this, princess that,” she angrily mumbled. “Can’t they see anything aside from that useless title!”

Realizing that she had raised her voice, she looked at Chryselle apologetically. But after the princess remembered once again when Lark called her mere baggage, frustration started swelling up within her.

“I can always get another magician to teach me, that’s right,” said the Princess. “But that’s also like saying I’ve given up. That that stupid Lark Marcus was right!”

Chryselle smiled at the fuming princess. She looked cute, despite her childish remarks. Maybe it would feel like this, if she had a younger sister?
Although Chryselle had been dubbed as a magic prodigy ever since she was a child, she could still understand where the princess was coming from.

Chryselle sat on the bed, right next to the princess. She said, “How about the sword, Your Highness?”

Princess Esmeralda shook her head. “I don’t like swords. Parzival tried teaching me swordsmanship when I was little. He said I have talent with it,

but just the mere thought of cutting another person with a blade is enough to make my stomach churn. I can’t do it.”

Chryselle thought that magic was similar to the blade, probably even more barbaric and cruel. Since she was a child, she had seen firsthand what magic was capable of.

But it was apparent that the princess had already made her mind to become a magician, no matter what. Chryselle felt no merit in convincing her otherwise.

“Hey, Chryselle.”

“Yes, Princess?”

“I told you to just call me Esmeralda.” The Princess pouted. “How long do you think it’ll take the blacksmith to finish the phylactery?”

Lark was currently at the smithy, discussing the details with the blacksmith. Since they already had the flower and the rest of the materials in their hands, all that was left was the phylactery.

“Master Lark said it’ll probably take at least several days, a week at most.”

“A week,” the princess mumbled to herself as she stared at the ceiling. A week felt too long right now. “I wonder… how my father is. Lady

Ropianna’s with him, so nothing too dangerous should happen, right?” The Princess sighed.

The bells of the city rang. Numerous footsteps were heard outside.

Chryselle stood up, swept away the curtains and opened the window on the second floor. Below them, she saw several soldiers running toward the direction of the western gate.

“What’s happening outside?”

Curious of the clamor outside the inn, the princess peeked her head out of the window. She noticed that the residents started going back to their homes, the door of the nearby inns and taverns were shut, and more soldiers started moving toward the west.

“Monsters again, eh?” one of the soldiers below said.

“That’s obvious, idiot. It’s a full moon tonight.”

Chryselle and the princess looked up and saw the twin crimson moons above.

Chyselle understood immediately what was happening. Near this city was that monster-infested lake. She heard that for the last several months, the monsters of the lake had started attacking the human settlements in the area.

Loud knocks were heard at their door. Chryselle opened it and Parzival and the rest of the knights entered the room. After the door was shut, Parzival said, “Princess, monsters are attacking the city. We should probably get out of here while we still can.”

The hair on the princess’ nape bristled upon hearing this. She stuttered, “M-Monsters? Why are monsters attacking here? It’s one of our Kingdom’s major cities!”

“I asked one of the inn’s servants. She said the monsters probably came from the Lake of the Full Moon,” said Parzival. “Hundreds, if not thousands of them, are attacking the city right now.”

Color started draining from the princess’ face. She’d been sheltered in the king’s castle her entire life. The idea of a city being overrun by monsters never crossed her mind. The mere thought of innocent civilians being eaten by those beasts was too terrifying.

“Don’t worry, princess,” said Tomas. “The soldiers are gathering at the western gate even now as we speak. Even if the military fails, we’ll make sure the princess safely escap—”

“—There’s no need for that,” Chryselle finally spoke. She was the only one in the room who’d remained calm throughout the conversation. “If this monster invasion is as terrible as you guys make it out to be, the citizens of

this city would have already left a long time ago. People value their lives above anything else, after all. I saw the soldiers down below just a few minutes ago. And they looked too carefree for someone going to confront a horde of monsters.”

Now that Chryselle mentioned it, the princess also realized it. She also saw the soldiers moving toward the western gates. Some of them were merrily chatting with each other, as though going to a picnic.

“Then are you saying that this monster invasion is a trivial matter?” Parzival frowned. He clearly did not like the fact that Chryselle was dismissing the potential danger of this monster invasion.

“I’m saying that the city probably has a way to defeat all of those monsters,” said Chryselle. “You’ve seen the towers before, right?”

Parzival and the rest of the knights remembered the towers scattered throughout the city. Each of them looked imposing, as though they were relics from the ancient era.

Parzival was about to utter a reply when several loud explosions were heard outside. Looking through the window, they saw a nearby tower activate. At its tip, several balls of lightning started forming, before shooting toward the west. Bright light momentarily illuminated the night sky as streaks of light shot forward.

Shortly after that, another tower was activated, and several balls of lightning once again shot toward the same direction.

“Amazing,” muttered the princess. “Parzival, I want to see it! Let’s look at the towers!”

Anything related to magic was fascinating for her, even when she was still a kid. The Princess ran out of the room.

“Princess!”

Her knights immediately followed suit. Chryselle also decided to go with them. She wanted to see for herself what those towers were capable of.
Soon, their group arrived at the area near the gate.

Contrary to their expectations, the soldiers weren’t fighting with the monster horde. Instead, they simply stood before the gates, forming a human barricade, ready to cut down any monsters who managed to bypass the walls.

“It’s dangerous here,” one of the soldiers said to them. “Go back home, keep your door shut, and sleep. There’s no need for you to worry. The monsters will all be dead by morning.” The soldier spoke with absolute confidence, as though this monster invasion was a mere daily occurrence.

Every now and then, beams of light would shoot out of the towers in the city, creating loud explosions outside the walls. Even from this distance,

they could hear the cries and death throes of the invading monsters, and the scent of charred flesh started permeating the air.

It was a one-sided slaughter.

“T-Tomas,” said Parzival. “Aren’t these towers very similar to the ones in Wizzert City?”

Tomas was slack-jawed as he nodded his head. “Y-Yes. There’s no mistaking it.”

“But impossible,” said Parzival. “The elders of Wizzert would never allow another city to use their towers. So how—”

“—They’re not from Wizzert,” the soldier from before interjected. “They’re towers commissioned by Lord Valcres. I heard that these towers were designed by the Lord of Blackstone Town.”

“By the Lord of Blackstone Town?” said the princess.

An unexpected name suddenly came out of the soldier’s mouth.

Everyone, aside from Chryselle, was dumbfounded upon learning this fact.

For a moment, they doubted if what they’d heard was right.

“What was his name again? That young man from the Marcus Family? Pretty neat invention, don’t you think?” The soldier stared at the princess and her knights. He sighed. “Look, we always get curious daredevils like you during this time of the month. But there’s literally nothing to see here

aside from flashy explosions and deafening sound. Go back home.” The soldier looked around. “The commander will punish me if they see you here.”

***

By the time the princess and her knights went back to the inn, Lark had already returned. He was standing at the hallway on the second floor, waiting for them to come back. Next to him were Anandra, George, and Austen.

“You’re back,” said Lark.

The princess stared curiously at Lark. She had not expected that the one who invented those towers was someone they knew all along. He never mentioned anything related to those magic towers, after all.

It seemed that the Lord of Blackstone Town was somewhat popular among the citizens of Lion City. After he created the magic towers, the citizens no longer feared the coming of the next full moon. They no longer feared the monster horde. They were simply grateful that they could continue their peaceful lives in this region.

“Her Highness’ room is the largest,” said Lark. “Let’s go inside first and discuss the things I’ve talked about with the blacksmith.”

The princess agreed.

After everyone was inside the room, Lark went straight to the point. “Five days. Garma told me that it’ll be possible to complete the mithril phylactery in five days.”

The princess breathed a sigh of relief. It was faster than she expected. “So we’ll have to stay at Lion City until then, huh?” said Princess Esmeralda.

“That’s right.” Lark nodded. “It’s a full moon tonight, and the monsters will keep attacking the city for the next two to three days. We can’t go out of the city even if we want to. It’ll be too dangerous. But staying in the city should be safe, as long as we stay inside the walls, under the protection of the towers.”

Lark noticed the peculiar gazes of those around him, particularly the princess and her knights. He decided to dismiss it.

He added, “We’ll go to the merchants guild tomorrow morning to gather additional rations and materials.”

CHAPTER 17

Five days had passed. The monsters attacking the city had retreated to the lake. At the same time, the phylactery had been completed.

Unlike the mithril cubes, the phylactery had a simple design, with runes engraved only in its interior. If not for its silver-black sheen which screamed of the word ‘mithril’, people would have mistaken it for an ordinary jar.

After obtaining the phylactery, Lark’s group immediately set out to the capital. They hired the fastest carriage in city, and would change horses upon reaching the next territory, stopping only to restock their rations now and then.

***

It had been more than two months since the king collapsed. Although the healers and magicians managed to stabilize the king somewhat, he still hadn’t woken up.

Inside the administrative office of the king’s castle, the ministers and other various officials of the capital gathered.

Everyone gathered here knew the truth of the king’s current predicament. They all knew that the king was currently afflicted by the

demonic pact running through the blood of the royal family. A curse passed down from generations to generations.

“It’s been a week since that item arrived at the capital,” said Lord Hais, one of the ministers of the Kingdom. “Isn’t it about time we use it to cure His Majesty? Various rumors are already going around the capital and the other cities of the Kingdom. The citizens are demanding to know the current state of His Majesty.”

“There are already rumors that His Majesty’s dead,” said another minister. “I’m sure the neighboring countries have already heard what happened to the king. Thankfully, Everfrost is keeping the Great Empire in check—”

“—But the Mullgray Pirates have already started gathering their fleets,” said another official.

“The port in Aurora Island was finished just recently. I’m confident that the Kalavinka Navy can hold off those damn barbarians.”

“Are you stupid? The Kalavinka Navy may be strong, but the pirates outnumber them more than a dozen times! It’s only a matter of time before we lose Aurora Island again!”

“What did you say? Are you doubting the might of our Kingdom’s navy!”

“I’m just stating the reality! We’ve lost Aurora Island before and we’ll lose it again this time!”

“Enough!” Marquis Carlos snarled.

Everyone immediately shut their mouths. Silence befell the administrative office.

Although Carlos was a mere marquis, he was the closest friend of His Majesty. Furthermore, he was among the prominent figures of this Kingdom—a retired general, a man who once led tens of thousands of soldiers to war back in his prime.

Despite his age, the marquis could easily snap the neck of these bickering officials.

“We’re here to discuss the current status of His Majesty. Take your petty arguments somewhere else.”

Marquis Carlos looked at the hunched, elderly woman who’d remained silent until now. “Please let us hear your thoughts, Lady Ropianna. There must be a reason why you insisted that we postpone healing the king.”

Ropianna took out a parchment from her cloak. “Almost a hundred lives were lost just to obtain the flower,” she said, her voice raspy. “His Majesty would surely regain consciousness once he consumed the flower, but it wouldn’t cut the root of this problem. The same thing would happen

again. A few weeks after this, maybe months, and if we’re lucky, maybe a year. But it is certain that His Majesty would collapse again, eventually.”

She handed the parchment to Marquis Carlos.

“This is?” Marquis Carlos started reading the letter.

“A letter from Princess Esmeralda,” she said.

Marquis Carlos frowned as he read the letter. “They have a way of curing His Majesty?”

“Yes,” said Ropianna. “After receiving this message, I asked for a divination from the Water God. I asked God Nereus if this is the correct path.”

There was momentary silence. The elderly magician slowly spoke, “And the Water God agreed that this is the best path for the Kingdom.”

The officials looked at each other. There had never been a time when the divination of the Water God was incorrect. Although the messages were frequently abstract, when followed faithfully, it would eventually lead the believer to the right path.

“The Princess and her men, along with the Lord of Blackstone Town are on their way here as we speak,” said Ropianna.

“Lord of Blackstone Town?” asked Lord Hais.

Marquis Carlos showed them the letter from the Princess. “Princess Esmeralda says that the Lord of Blackstone Town has found a way to sever the king’s curse.”

The eyes of Lord Hais and the other officials widened for a moment. First was the Black Famine, and now this? How the hell did that brat obtain such crucial information?

“Ridiculous!” said Lord Hais. “How can a mere lord of a small town know how to cure the curse of His Majesty! It’s a demonic pact that’s been passed down through the royal family! It can’t be broken that easily!”

For some reason, Lord Hais seemed more agitated than usual.

“But the Water God has already given us the answer.” Marquis Carlos looked at Lady Ropianna. “The Water God believes that this is the right path, isn’t that right, Lady Magician?”

Ropianna closed her eyes and slowly nodded her head.

One of the officials sighed. “The Water God is never wrong. She has already given us the approval. All that’s left is for us to wait for the princess group’s arrival.”

No one could rebuke this statement. If they did, it would be tantamount to questioning the words of a God.

***

After the meeting, Lord Hais immediately went to the castle’s dungeon. Clad in cloak and escorted by three of his most trusted men, he went to the lower floors of the dungeon.

Using magic, they moved through the guarded cells and eventually arrived at the prison where Duke Kelvin was being held.

“Do it,” said Lord Hais.

One of his men activated his spell, creating a mirage next to the prison gate. The guards didn’t notice the group’s arrival, and they safely entered Duke Kelvin’s cell.

“It’s been a while, Duke.” Lord Hais pulled down his hood, revealing his face.

Duke Kelvin had gotten thinner than before. He no longer looked like a bloated pig, and his stubble had grown thicker.

“Hais.” Duke Kelvin didn’t seem surprised to see him. He looked at the oblivious guards next to the prison gate, then at the three men behind Lord Hais. “How’s Alvis?”

Lord Hais bowed his head, and the three men behind him did the same. “His Majesty is still unconscious at the moment. I’ve made sure that he ingests the toxin every other day. Even that damnable Ropianna and Carlos don’t suspect a thing.”

Duke Kelvin gloated upon hearing this. He laughed. “Serves him right! That damn bastard dared to lock me up in this filthy cell? Once my son ascends the throne, I’ll make sure to slaughter everyone with the blood of the royal family!”

For a moment, Duke Kelvin looked like a maniac thirsting for human flesh.

Unbeknownst to everyone else, the collapse of the king was a ploy of Duke Kelvin. Despite being locked up in the dungeon, he still managed to pull the strings and ordered his men to poison His Majesty. And since they’d managed to turn the chief healer to the Kelvin Faction, it was never revealed that His Majesty had been poisoned.

Furthermore, the poison used was made from the toxin of an alcavar ringtail turtle. A rare species found only in the ports of the Kelvin Duchy. Although its toxin easily dissolved in the blood, it wasn’t immediately fatal. But prolonged exposure to it would eventually cripple the body and destroy the meridians.

With the king’s body weakened, the curse of Agares used this opportunity to devour His Majesty’s soul.

It was a perfect plan concocted by Duke Kelvin the moment he was locked away in this filthy dungeon. He was sure that right now, no one

suspected that a prisoner like him was pulling the strings.

“But we have a bit of a problem, Duke.”

Duke Kelvin broke out of his fantasy. “A problem?”

“It seems that Princess Esmeralda has found a way to sever the curse of His Majesty.”

Duke Kelvin turned grim. “What do you mean? How did that sheltered brat find a way to sever a pact made with a demon?”

It sounded ridiculous. After all, even the seer wasn’t able to cure His Majesty. She was capable of halting the progression of the curse, but that was all.

“According to her, the Lord of Blackstone Town is capable of curing His Majesty,” said Lord Hais. “And this was confirmed by Lady Ropianna herself after a divination.”

The duke’s eyes widened. The Princess was one thing, but if even the Water God approved of the method, then there was a very high chance that it would work. God Nereus had no reason to lie to mere mortals, after all.

If the king’s curse was severed, then all of their plans would be for naught. Without a doubt, the moment the king was healed, that Marcus brat would have the highest chance of ascending the throne.

“We can’t let that happen,” Duke Kelvin mumbled to himself. He started biting his lip. After some time, he looked at Lord Hais and said, “Where is the princess right now?”

“We aren’t sure, Duke,” said Lord Hais. “But judging by the letter, they’ll probably arrive at the capital in a couple of days.”

Duke Kelvin clicked his tongue. “A couple of days, huh? Listen, I want you to mobilize the Black Midas.”

“The Black Midas?”

Duke Kelvin nodded.

One of the nine divisions of Black Midas was sent to kill the Lord of Blackstone Town several months ago. But, for some reason, Duke Kelvin never heard from them since then. Since Lark Marcus was still alive, they must have perished during their attempt to kill him.

“I’ll give you command over five out of the remaining eight divisions of Black Midas. Make sure the princess and that Marcus brat never make it to the capital,” said Duke Kelvin.

Lord Hais was thrilled.

The Marcus Family was well-known for its military, the Youchesters were well-known for their fertile land, while the Kelvins were known for their hussars and the Black Midas.

The Black Midas were the most prominent organization ruling the underworld of the Kingdom. The organization—composed of nine powerful divisions—dealt with slave trading, human trafficking, prostitution, drugs, and other illegal activities within the Kingdom. Due to their sheer size, and with the backing of powerful officials, the royal family had never managed to cull them even after several generations had passed.

“Give me your hand,” said the duke.

Lord Hais prevented his emotions from showing on his face. He held out his hand, and Duke Kelvin channeled his mana into Lord Hais’ body. Slowly, five small insignias formed on the back of Lord Hais’ left hand, before becoming faint and disappearing. Each of them represented its respective division in Black Midas.

With this, the members of Black Midas would unquestionably follow Lord Hais’ command.

“Prevent the princess’ group from stepping foot in the capital, no matter what,” said Duke Kelvin.

Lord Hais bowed, a grin forming on his face. “I will follow your command, Duke.”

***

After Lord Hais left the dungeon, he went straight to his mansion in the inner district of the capital. He was still shuddering from euphoria. He still could not believe that he’d gained control over five divisions of the infamous Black Midas.

He went to his room and chased out the servants and the guards.

“That moron,” he chuckled. “After I kill the princess and the king, you’ll be next Duke Kelvin.”

Duke Kelvin was the perfect scapegoat. Blaming him for the death of the princess and His Majesty should be easy, especially now that he had the command over five divisions of this underground organization.

He raised his hand over his face and channeled some mana into his hand. Several insignias started appearing on his skin. They looked beautiful, no matter how much he stared at them.

“Let’s try summoning some of them, shall we?” Lord Hais licked his lips and channeled mana into the five crests.

Several seconds passed by and he felt an invisible thread connecting him to five different people scattered throughout the capital.

Minutes passed and the five stared appearing in front of him, one after another. All of them momentarily looked at Lord Hais quizzically, but after

seeing the crests on the back of his hand, they bowed their heads and knelt silently.

Lord Hais shuddered upon seeing the five people gathered in front of him. Each of these men was probably capable of killing all of the guards in his mansion alone. And now, all of them were under his command.

Five commanders of Black Midas were kneeling in front of him right now. Lord Hais was thrilled just thinking about it.

No wonder Duke Kelvin held so much confidence despite being locked up in the dungeon. If he wished to, he could easily escape prison with the help of these monsters.

These five divisions are mine now, Kelvin.

Although Duke Kelvin still held power over three divisions of Black Midas, Lord Hais was confident of taking care of them once the time came.

Lord Hais cleared his throat.

“I have a job for all of you,” he said.

The five men continued kneeling before him, unmoving. As expected of top-notch assassins.

“Princess Esmeralda, her knights, Lark Marcus,” said Lord Hais. “I want you to kill these people I’ve mentioned. Make sure they never set foot

in the capital, no matter what. Do you understand?”

“Yes, My Lord!” the five replied in unison.

Lord Hais shuddered in ecstasy. This must be the feeling of someone holding absolute power capable of killing prominent figures with just the snap of a finger.

“Gather all of your men.” Lord Hais grinned broadly. “Kill all of them.”

CHAPTER 18

Since time was of the essence, Lark’s group didn’t stop in any cities to spend the night. Instead, they hired the fastest carriage, stopping only to allow the horses to recuperate for a couple of hours, before moving out again for the capital.

Everything had been going smoothly. At this rate, they would arrive at their destination several days earlier than they anticipated.

Two horse-drawn carriages moved through the forest leading to the capital.

“We’re almost there, Your Highness,” said Parzival, as he looked through the window of the carriage. The sea of trees blurred as they sped by.

The princess clenched her fists. Finally, she would see her father. And this time, she would no longer be the helpless daughter she was.

“Parzival, we’ll be able to finally cure my father, right?” said the princess. It was more of question for herself than her knight.

“We can only hope for the best, Princess,” said Parzival.

Parzival remembered the town ruled by Lark Marcus. Even now, he still wondered how the second son of Duke Drakus had managed to develop

that territory to such extent.

The princess probably hadn’t noticed it, but that town was growing at an exponential rate, despite being surrounded by nothing but vast wilderness. He’d seen the water system, the farmlands, the paved roads, the Southern District, and the structures being built in the east. A ruler as competent as that lord wouldn’t lie to them regarding the cure of His Majesty, right?

As Parzival was lost in his thoughts, the carriage suddenly stopped.

Parzival said to the coachman. “What happened? Why did you stop?”

“About that,” the coachman replied meekly. “A fallen tree’s blocking the path, Sir.”

“A tree?”

Parzival peeked outside the window and saw a large tree blocking the road.

“We’ll move the tree out of the way, Your Highness. Please stay inside the carriage.”

Parzival nodded at his fellow knights—Tomas and Andrew. The three of them went out of the carriage, while the remaining two knights remained inside with the princess.

“Let’s quickly move this tree out of the wa—”

Parzival stopped abruptly. He noticed something peculiar with the tree. Looking closely, its large trunk was cut cleanly. He realized that the tree was deliberately put here in the middle of the road.

His instinct screamed at him that this might be a trap.

He was about to warn his fellow knights when suddenly, arrows flew from the sea of trees. Parzival quickly parried them with his sword, but the unsuspecting Andrew and Tomas were mercilessly shot down by the arrows. The horses neighed and the coachman cried—even they weren’t spared from the surprise attack.

“Tomas! Andrew!” shouted Parzival. “Damn it! We’re under attack!”

Hundreds of men clad in black started appearing from the shadow of the nearby trees. Those at the rear continued firing their arrows, while those in front started running toward Parzival.

At the corner of his eye, Parzival saw Tomas gasping for air, his neck pierced by an arrow. But despite being on the verge of death, Tomas forced his body to move. He touched his bracer and activated its stored magic. A dome-shaped barrier made of mana appeared and enclosed the two carriages, preventing the arrows from hitting them. The men clad in black

started striking the barrier with their sword, but it was surprisingly strong, forming only minute cracks with each strike.

Tomas grinned after he successfully activated his magic. His hands fell and he finally went limp.

Parzival used this opening and ran toward his two comrades. Andre was hit by the arrow right at the head. He was dead. And now, Tomas was on his last breath.

“T-Tomas!” cried Parzival.

Everything had happened in an instant. He couldn’t even warn them as the arrows shot toward them from the forest.

The remaining two knights came out of the first carriage, and upon seeing the hundreds of men clad in black surrounding them, pulled out their weapons. Lark, Chryselle, and Anandra also came out of the second carriage.

Lark looked around him—at the dead coachmen and horses, the dying knight, and the hundreds of enemies surrounding them.

“Tomas!” croaked Parzival. “Please!”

Tomas had long stopped gasping for air, right after activating his spell.

Lark approached the unmoving knight and pulled the arrow stuck in his neck, making some blood splatter on his cheek. With brisk but calm movements, Lark took a small vial from his pouch and poured the liquid inside onto the wound of the dying knight.

To Parzival’s surprise, the wound on Tomas’ neck sizzled and rapidly closed on its own.

What the hell was that thing, for it to heal a deep wound in a matter of seconds? Even the alchemists in the capital shouldn’t be capable of creating a potion as potent as this.

A burst of light shot from Lark’s fingertips and struck the chest of Tomas. A few seconds after, Tomas opened his eyes, gasped for air, and vomited out bile and clotted blood. He coughed several times, his chest rapidly rising and falling.

“He should be fine. Although it’ll take a couple of hours before he can move around like he used to before,” said Lark. He looked around them. Although he’d managed to prevent the knight from dying, the fact that they were currently surrounded by hundreds of enemies remained.

Outside the barrier, five men, who appeared to be the leaders of the group gazed at Parzival and Lark.

“That’s Parzival, the knight of Princess Esmeralda,” said one of them. He then looked at Lark. “Silver hair, blue eyes. A member of the Marcus Family, without a doubt. Lark Marcus. The princess. Her knights.” The man snapped his fingers. “Bring their lifeless bodies to me.”

On cue, the attacks of the assassins became fiercer. It was only a matter of time before the barrier Tomas had cast would shatter.

The hair at Parzival’s nape bristled upon meeting the gaze of those five men. For some reason, they reminded him of Instructor Mikael.

Parzival wondered what would happen if those five did have the same strength as the instructor. Even if all the knights here gave up their lives, the princess still might not survive.

“Go back to the carriage. My disciples and I will handle these guys,” said Lark. He activated the mithril cubes and they started flying toward him, until the two hovered right above his head.

“But—” Parzival could see that these guys weren’t your ordinary, everyday assassins.

“—We need someone to restrain and protect the princess. That sheltered brat might suddenly jump out of the carriage at any time.”

At the corner of his eye, Lark saw the princess looking at what was happening outside through the carriage’s window.

Parzival was still hesitant.

“Look, only if the knights are protecting the Princess,” said Lark, “will I be able fight to my heart’s content.”

Although it felt like Lark was telling them that they’d be just a hindrance, Parzival and the knights finally conceded and accepted Lark’s proposal. They went back to their carriage and surrounded it, ready to intercept any attacks against the princess.

They’d heard from credible sources that the second son of Duke Drakus was a monster magician. Furthermore, they’d also seen during their stay in Blackstone Town the strength of Chryselle and Anandra.

If worse comes to worst, in the event that Lark and his disciples were defeated, they could just use the opening to grab the princess and run away to safety.

After all, the princess was their top priority. Everything else was secondary.

Finally, Tomas’ barrier broke. Arrows started pouring from the sky and dozens of assassins ran toward Lark, Anandra, and Chryselle.

Lark activated the runes in one of the mithril cubes, and two dome-shaped barriers made of wind magic enclosed the first and second carriage. Unlike Tomas’ spell, this wind barrier repaired itself immediately, and

would continue to do so until the crystallized mana inside the first mithril cube was depleted.

Three assassins finally reached Lark. Without hesitation, they aimed for his neck with their blades. Lark activated the second mithril cube and it separated into eight smaller pieces. Three of them moved immediately and parried the attacks of the three assassins.

Using this opening, the remaining five pieces spun around violently and shot forward, piercing the heads of the assassins, shattering their skulls and killing them in an instant.

At the same time, Lark cast three spells concurrently. Wind blades, lightning spears, and earth spikes shot toward the other enemies, killing them one after another.

Chryselle, also cast her spell, creating three lightning serpents, which immediately slithered through the battlefield, devouring the assassins. As expected of an Elder of Wizzert. She could hold her ground even against dozens of enemies.

Anandra, on the other hand, used the same old technique he was familiar with—he amplified the strength of his body with mana, and started cutting down his enemies using his sword. The enemies couldn’t even touch

him, as he simply sidestepped and dodged each attack, as though he’d already memorized his enemies’ pattern of attack beforehand.

While Lark and his two disciples were busy dealing with the assassins, several men tried attacking the two carriages. But to their horror, the moment they touched the barrier, their bodies were immediately cleaved in half by wind magic.

Another group of assassins tried to shatter it using their swords, only to meet the same fate as the ones before them. The moment their swords struck the barrier, the barrier spell retaliated and cut their bodies with wind blades.

Seeing this, the other assassins no longer tried to break the barrier with brute force. Those capable of magic started firing spells at it, one after another.

Lark frowned. Although there was still a lot of crystallized mana stored inside the first cube, it would be quickly depleted if the enemies repeatedly bombarded the barrier with their spells. He knew he had to finish the fight quickly, before the cubes ran out of mana. Otherwise, he would be forced to protect those inside the carriages himself.

He strictly forbade Austen and George from joining the battle. They were currently inside the carriage, hiding. Their spell casting speed was still

too slow; the enemies would have killed them several times before they could even complete a simple fireball spell.

“Let’s end this,” Lark mumbled.

At the same time, five men, who appeared to be this assassin group’s leaders, started to move. One of them used concealment magic and blended with the shadows around them. He vanished then emerged, like a fish in water, from Lark’s shadow. Without a sound, he stabbed his sword toward Lark’s neck.

But to the assassin’s surprise, the pieces of the mithril cube blocked the attack. The leader immediately cast his spell and his shadow distorted, turning into six spears, before shooting toward Lark.

The pieces of mithril cube blocked each strike, as though they had a life of their own. Filled with disbelief that a mere artifact was blocking all of his attacks, the assassin leader started cussing and sped up his attacks.

Lark pulled out the cheap iron sword he bought from Garma’s shop. He amplified the strength of his body using magic and started striking back at the assassin leader.

The mithril cubes also started to go on the offensive, but the six shadow spears managed to parry its attacks. The assassin leader was clearly

proficient with the sword, as Lark failed to land a single strike on him despite the help of the mithril cube.

“Annoying.” Lark clicked his tongue.

If swordsmanship wasn’t enough, then he’d just supplement what he was lacking with magic.

With Lark’s absurdly fast spell casting speed, two magic circles appeared on the ground. The ground trembled, and for a moment, the assassin leader lost his footing. Using this opening, a large stone golem rose from the ground and grabbed the assassin leader. Without hesitation, the golem crushed the human using its large hands. The assassin leader coughed out blood.

A piece of mithril shot toward the assassin leader, shattering his skull.


Lark had yet to catch his breath when two assassin leaders appeared behind him. One tried to stab him with the sword, while the other summoned several earth spikes from the ground.

Lark leaped back, but the two assassin leaders immediately followed through with their attacks. The first one channeled lightning magic into his sword and slashed at Lark, while the other one willed the earth spikes to transform into earth serpents and chase after its target.

Despite its large size, Lark’s stone golem moved agilely in front of its master and shielded him from the attacks. It crossed both its arms and absorbed the brunt force of the impact.

The lightning spell destroyed the arms of the golem, while the earth serpents shattered its trunk. The golem knelt, before forming numerous cracks and turning into dust.

Without stopping, the two assassin leaders shot toward Lark. At the same time, dozens of their subordinates also aimed for his life. Some of them started firing orbs of lightning, wind blades, ice shards, poison arrows.

The moment Lark blocked or dodged an attack, another one would shoot toward him in an instant.

This group must have heard of his feats in the war with the Empire, as they made sure not to give him any room to breathe and cast magic. They continued firing spells one after another, forcing Lark to be on the defensive.

Lark quickly scanned the battlefield. Chryselle was being pushed back after an assassin leader started targeting her. She’d been forced to create several mana shields to block the incessant attacks from all around her. Anandra, on the other hand, was massacring several assassins using skill

and brute force alone. Even the assassin leader targeting him had already lost an arm and was now trying to maintain his distance.

Lark looked at the barrier protecting the carriage. It should be able to block attacks for a few minutes more, before the mithril cube eventually ran out of mana.

Let’s finish this.

The pieces of mithril cubes scattered and moved about, blocking the attacks of Lark’s enemies. Using this opening, Lark cast flight magic and flew up into the sky. A colossal amount of mana started oozing out of his body and a thirty-meter wide magic circle started forming above him.

With absurdly fast casting speed incomparable even to royal court magicians, layers upon layers of runes started forming and overlapping with each other, creating the magic circle.

The assassins must have realized that Lark was trying to cast Grand Scale Magic. They desperately fired spells at him one after another, but the pieces of mithril formed a translucent barrier and blocked all of the attacks, giving Lark enough time to complete his spell.

Lark grinned. These guys were strong, but they were nothing but small fries when compared to General Alvaren. Thinking back to his fight against that old man, this fight seemed trivial.

Grand Scale Magic wasn’t enough to kill the Magic Slayer of the Empire. But it should be more than enough to kill these pesky flies.

Without uttering a word, Lark activated his spell.

Grand Scale Magic—Will of the Dryad.

The ground shook and the trees started uprooting themselves. Faces, which resembled a human in despair, started forming on the bark of the trees.

“W-What’s happening?!” cried one of the assassins.

Everyone was aghast when the entire forest came to life. The moment the trees uprooted themselves, they started slaughtering the assassins. Roots and branches shot from all directions and pierced the bodies of Lark’s enemies. Leaves infused with mana turned into blades and rained down, cutting the assassins on the ground.

“What the hell is this!?”

“Why are the trees suddenly attacking us!?”

Shouts, screams, and death throes echoed in the forest as the sea of trees continued slaughtering the assassins.

The assassin leaders resisted, and they even managed to cut and burn down several monster trees. But Lark knew that it was only a matter of time

before all of the assassins were annihilated.

Minutes passed. The assassin leaders realized they couldn’t win and tried retreating, but the monster trees formed barriers made of roots and twigs.

There was no escaping the living forest.

Seeing that escape was near impossible, the assassins fought for dear life. They cut down the trees one after another, but soon, the accumulated injuries and fatigue started to wear them down. Those who stopped to recuperate for a second were pierced by a root, and those who failed to protect their backs were cut by the mana-infused leaves.

The assassins were dropping dead like kelnup flies.

When almost all of the enemies were dead, Lark flew down and landed on the ground. He walked toward the only remaining survivor—the assassin leader Chryselle had fought.

The limping assassin leader glared at Lark for a moment, before pointing his blade at his own neck. Since they’d failed, he’d rather die than be interrogated by this monster.

“I still have questions for you.”

Vines quickly shot up from the ground and ensnared the assassin leader’s body. The assassin tried to move his body but failed.

If killing himself with the blade isn’t feasible, then magic was the only remaining option. The assassin leader tried summoning earth spikes from the ground to pierce his body, but to his surprise, his spell wouldn’t activate no matter what.

He stared at Lark and realized that this young man had just interfered with his spell, cancelling it right at the middle of runes formation.

The assassin leader’s eyes widened.

Impossible.

That feat should be impossible to pull off unless one had spell casting speed several times faster than your average magician. Furthermore, one would need an absurdly fine control over his mana to interfere with the spell of another magician.

It was easy to guess what was going through the assassin’s mind after looking at his stupefied expression.

“It’s pretty easy to cancel low-tier spells of a disabled enemy. There are a limited number of spells you could cast in a short time, after all,” Lark said.

Lark grabbed the assassin leader’s mask and pulled it off.

Bald head, thick mustache, round eyes. A man in his mid-forties. He looked ordinary, the face of someone you’d frequently see on the roadside.

The assassin glared at Lark, his face clearly saying that he wouldn’t spill out any information, no matter what.

“I still have some mana left in the mithril cubes.” Lark grinned. He found it amusing. “I don’t mind spending an entire day reading fragments of your memories.”

The assassin leader shuddered upon hearing those words. He never knew such magic existed.

Lark placed his hand on the assassin’s face.

“Now, let’s start.”

CHAPTER 19

After reading the fragments of memories of the assassin, Lark found the reason their group was suddenly attacked on their way to the capital. Although the information he got wasn’t complete, it was enough to link the pieces of the puzzle together.

It seemed that a high-ranking official was the one behind the attack. Lord Hais, a minister of the Kingdom and one of the royal advisors of His Majesty.

When Lark told everyone, the princess and the knights couldn’t believe it. According to them, Lord Hais was a benevolent man and was among the most loyal retainers of His Majesty, even before he ascended the throne. He was among the pillars of the king’s faction, together with Lady Ropianna, the retired General Carlos, and Viscount Lakian.

Had Lark not read the memories of the assassin, that man would have been among the last to be suspected among the nobles.

“Impossible.” Princess Esmeralda was holding the dead body of her knight, Andrew. Tears flowed from her eyes. “Why would Uncle Hais order these assassins to kill us?”

“According to the memories of this assassin, there’s another high-ranking official is pulling the strings. There’s a possibility that your uncle is merely a pawn,” said Lark. “But this doesn’t change the fact that he ordered our assassination.”

The princess sobbed. She gripped the dead body of Andrew tight. This knight had pledged his loyalty to her when she was still a child. She still couldn’t believe that the man had died like this.

When was the last time she thanked her knights for always being by her side? She wished she could talk to Andrew one last time. She wished she could tell him how grateful she was to him, that despite her having no political power, he still chose to serve her regardless.

Lark stared at the sobbing princess. “I’m sorry I couldn’t save him too.”

Lark had lost several comrades back in his previous life. He knew the feeling of losing someone special. That wrenching sensation in your heart as you tried to reject the reality in front of you.

The princess bobbed her head but didn’t reply. She continued to sob, all the while hugging the dead body tight.

Lark looked around them. Fallen trees and a few hundred dead bodies littered the ground. Now that the Grand Scale Magic had ended, the forest

returned to its silence.

For a moment, he regretted that he spared only one assassin. He should have kept another one alive.

I tried diving deeper into the assassin’s memories, but no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t find any information regarding the other high-ranking official.

Only the name of Lord Hais came out of the memories of the assassin, as though they’d been conditioned to never reveal the name of the other official.

The demon’s not the only thing we need to worried about, huh?

With this incident, it was clear that they had enemies in the Kingdom. And these enemies wanted to stop them stepping even a single foot in the capital.

“My Lord.” Anandra bowed his head. “What should we do with the assassin?”

Lark looked at the last remaining assassin. The man looked like a walking corpse, a man without a will of his own. This was the adverse effect of memory-reading magic. Lark was sure that right now, the man was on the verge of insanity.

“Tie him up, gag his mouth.” Lark didn’t pity the man in the slightest. Had the situation been reversed, their group would have been the one on the receiving end. “I purposely didn’t shatter his mind. In several days, he’ll eventually recover. He’ll have his use later on.”

“Understood,” said Anandra.

This man might become their trump card to force this so-called Lord Hais to confess his crimes. Killing him here would be foolish.

“Chryselle, can you cast a ward spell to prevent him from using his magic once he wakes up?” said Lark.

“Please leave it to me.”

After Anandra was done tying up the man, Chryselle started casting her spell. A chain of light wrapped around the man’s chest, before disappearing from sight. Although it wasn’t perfect, it should be enough to deter this assassin from casting his magic once he recovered.

Lark was satisfied at this. His disciples were becoming more and more reliable as time went by.

Lark turned to the princess and her knights. “Princess, do you still wish to go to the capital?”

The princess rubbed her puffy eyes. “What do you mean? Of course, I’m going!”

The princess looked at the dead body in her hands. “I can’t let his death go to waste. We’re definitely going to cure Father!”

Lark looked at the dead horses and coachmen.

Parzival followed Lark’s gaze and sighed. “The carriages are still intact, but there’s no way we can use them when all the horses are dead. I guess we’ll be walking to the capital.”

Lark took out a map from his sling bag. Based on their current location, it would take them at least four days to arrive at the capital by foot.

That would be too dangerous.

They did not know when another group of assassins would attack them. It would still be better to move by cart, since it would at least confer some protection from attacks.

“Austen, George,” Lark called out the brothers.

“Young master?”

“I’ll be borrowing your bodies for a moment.”

Austen and George instinctively took a step back. Right now, the young master was looking at them with mischievous eyes.

“Bodies? W-What do you mean, Young Master?” George asked.

Lark found those fearful eyes amusing. Did these two really think he was some sort of a demon?

“My mana’s almost depleted after casting Grand Scale Magic and after reading the memories of that assassin, so the two of you’ll have to help me. It will be a bit painful, but I’ll try to make it as tolerable as possible,” said Lark. “Come over here.”

Although reluctant, George and Austen approached the young master.


Lark stared at the brothers. “George should be enough for now.” Lark placed his hand on George’s chest. “It will be uncomfortable and a bit painful, but please try to endure.”

Lark guided the mana inside George’s body and started casting an eight-tier spell. Numerous runes started manifesting above them, forming a large magic formation. At the same time, George felt pain course through his entire body, as though dozens of needles were piercing his skin. An adverse effect of forcefully casting a high-ranking spell. Seeing the pained expression of his disciple, Lark slowed down the formation of runes as he tried to reduce the pain as much as possible.

“I’m sorry. But this is our best option as of this moment,” Lark said.

George gnashed his teeth and nodded. After a few minutes, the magic formation was finally complete.

“Follow my lead,” Lark said to George. “Now, activate your magic.”

With Lark guiding the flow of mana, George activated the spell. The boy’s eyes widened the moment the magic formation glowed and shattered into particles of light. Although he’d been guided by his master, this was the first time George had cast a high-ranking spell.

Slowly, two translucent white horses manifested before them. The mounts were so beautiful that it would have been easy to mistaken them as creatures from the legends. The horses neighed. One of them gently rubbed its head against George’s shoulder.

“T-This…” breathed George. “I was the one who cast this magic?”

The horses looked like moving crystals. On their head, two small horns protruded.

“How’s it?” Lark grinned. “Based on the amount of mana the spell consumed, it’ll take at least a day before the horses disappear. We will have already arrived at the capital by then.”

George was thrilled. He hugged the neck of the horse and even started thinking of a name. Austen frowned as he looked at the mythical-looking creatures. He wanted one too.

“Young Master,” Austen looked at George with envy, “if we need more of those things to pull the carriages—”

“—Those two are more than enough,” said Lark.

Austen gazed at the horses jealously. Right now, George was stroking their manes.

“Someday, will I be able to do that too?” Austen finally asked.

“Of course,” Lark replied without hesitation. “The two of you are still young. Just keep practicing and you’ll be able to do this on your own someday. You already have the required amount of mana, after all. For someone so young like yourselves, time is your reliable ally.”

After attaching the horses to the carriages, and after removing the trees blocking the road, the group resumed their journey to the capital. But unlike before, for some reason, the princess now sat in the same carriage as Lark and his disciples.

There was awkward silence as the princess peeked at Lark now and then. She seemed to have something to say, but would decide to keep the words to herself at the last moment.

Eventually, Lark broke the ice. “What is it, Princess?” Lark smiled, amicably, as to not frighten Her Highness.

The Princess’ face flushed upon seeing this. She could still vividly remember when Lark almost single-handedly wiped out all of the assassins. It was the first time she’d seen someone so powerful and capable. For a

moment, she questioned how someone younger than her could be so well-versed in magic.

“I… I haven’t thanked you before,” she finally blurted the words out. Lark listened. “I know t-that this might sound foolish, that a princess like me is thinking this way,” said Princess Esmeralda, “b-but I consider those knights part of my family.” Tears started forming at the corner of the princess’ eyes. She bowed her head, her platinum hair covering half her face. “F-For saving Tomas. Thank you. Thank you very much.”

For a moment, silence befell the second carriage, with only the muffled sobs of the princess as the background.

“I understand what you mean,” said Lark. “The butler at Blackstone Town, the mason, the kitchen staff, even the gardener at the mansion.” Lark looked at all of his disciples seated in the carriage. “And these disciples of mine. All of them. They’re family.”

George and Austen bewilderedly stared at the young master for a moment, while Anandra simply remained stoic and silent. Chryselle, on the other hand, averted her gaze, her face a bit redder than before.

The princess raised her head and gazed at Lark. She softly said, “Family... Even the servants?” This was the first time she’d heard a noble say something like this. And for some reason, she completely agreed with

it. She remembered the maids attending to her every needs back in the capital ever since she was a child—Roseanne, Julie, and Krista—she also considered those three maids as family.

“Of course.” Lark smiled broadly.

The face of the Princess flushed even further. She started staring at the floor. She mumbled, “Is… that so?”

Lark opened the window and looked outside. At this rate, they would arrive at the capital one day from now.

***

Lord Hais paced back and forth in his room in his mansion. It had been more than a day since he’d lost contact with Black Midas.

“Still no news yet?” said Lord Hais.

One of the two men kneeling in the room spoke. “We’ve yet to receive any reports from Black Midas, My Lord.”

“What the hell are those bastards doing?” he snarled, his voice echoing inside the room. “Those incompetent maggots! If they failed in killing the princess, then they should at least report to me, their new lord!” Lord Hais huffed, his face contorted in anger.

Black Midas was the undisputed strongest assassin group in the entire Kingdom. He knew that there was no way those assassins would make a rookie mistake such as not reporting back to him. If they suddenly lost contact with them, then it meant only one thing—they had all been killed by their enemy.

But that was impossible.

There were a few hundred of those assassins. Furthermore, the division leaders of that assassin group were monsters capable of single-handedly killing all of his guards.

“Damn it.” Lord Hais clicked his tongue.

For a moment, he wondered if this was a ploy of Duke Kelvin. Maybe that fat bastard merely pretended to have transferred authority over his men to him. As he was lost in his thoughts, loud knocks were heard on the door.

“My Lord, we’ve received a message from the crown,” a man’s voice was heard outside the door.

The two men kneeling on the floor bowed their heads, before disappearing from sight.

“Enter,” said Lord Hais.

The butler entered the room, bowed his head, and relayed his message. “My Lord, it seems that the princess and her men have arrived at the

capital.”

Lord Hais stiffened. A bead of sweat flowed down his forehead. “H-How… Since when?”

“I believe they arrived a couple of hours ago, My Lord. They’re currently at the king’s castle.”

Lord Hais lost strength in his legs. He sat on the couch and stared at the carpeted floor for a moment. “If the princess safely arrived at the capital… then it means…”

It meant that Black Midas failed.

“My Lord?” The butler shot a worried gaze at his master. “Are you feeling unwell? Should I call a healer?”

Lord Hais shook his head. “N-No, I’m fine.”

He started collecting himself. Even if Black Midas failed to assassinate the princess and her men, it did not necessarily mean that his involvement in the assassination had been revealed to everyone else. After all, all members of Black Midas were bound by the oath of silence. They would not divulge information regarding their master, no matter what.

Lord Hais stood up, fixed his garb, and breathed in and out. “Ready the carriage. It’s been some time since I last saw my beloved niece.”

Lord Hais had decided. If all else failed, he could just pin all the blame on Duke Kelvin.

CHAPTER 20

The arrival of Lark’s group caused a bit of an uproar in the capital. It was unavoidable. After all, the crystal horses and the carriages riddled with arrows stood out like a sore thumb. Fortunately, Parzival was a well-known knight in the capital. Using his authority, they easily bypassed the checkpoints and arrived at the king’s castle.

Word regarding their group must have gone around, since by the time they’d arrived at the gates, several people were already waiting for them at the entrance. The retired General Carlos, the Seer of the Kingdom, Lady Ropianna, Priestess Thea of the Temple of the Water God, and a dozen royal guards silently watched as Lark’s group disembarked from their carriages.

Some of them stared at the crystal horses in bewilderment, while some furrowed their brows as they looked at the arrow-riddled carriages. When the knights brought out the captured assassin, the faces of everyone tensed for a moment.

“What happened, Princess?” General Carlos hurriedly tried supporting the princess as she got down the carriage.

“Andrew, he’s dead,” said the princess in a low, trembling voice.

General Carlos’ eyes immediately darted toward the opened door of the carriage. Inside was a body wrapped in cloth.

After General Carlos retired, he became one of the instructors of the knights and the soldiers of the capital. Andrew was among his students. A quiet squire back then. He couldn’t believe that the knight had perished at such a young age.

“Black Midas,” said a young man with short, silver hair. General Carlos immediately recognized him. He was the hero who defeated the Ghost of the Empire. “They attacked our group while we were on our way to the capital.”

Lark gazed at the assassin kneeling on the floor for a moment. The assassin was looking at the ground blankly, with drool dripping from his mouth.

“Black Midas,” mumbled General Carlos.

Even when Carlos was still a child, that assassin group had been ruling the underground syndicates of the Kingdom. Their reach was vast and it was impossible to trace which high-ranking officials were backing them up.

Black Midas seldomly fail in their assassination attempts. General Carlos was simply glad that the princess had returned unscathed from this ordeal.

“More importantly,” said Lark, “can I see His Majesty?”

Judging by the memories of the assassin, the king collapsed because of the poison fed to him daily.

General Carlos looked at Lady Ropianna. The hunched, elderly woman bobbed her head. If the seer approved of it, this must be the correct path to take.

“Follow me.”

General Carlos ordered the royal guards to make way, and he started leading Lark’s group toward the king’s room on the third floor of the castle.
The castle was vast, and it would take them a couple of minutes before arriving at their destination. Lark looked at the elderly woman walking next to him. He noticed that she was using magic to lift her feet momentarily as she walked, thus reducing the stress on her frail body. It was a simple but practical use of magic. Although it looked easy at first glance, one would need fine control over mana to apply this technique to everyday life.

Noticing Lark’s gaze, the elderly woman looked at him and smiled, forming numerous wrinkles on her face. She said in a raspy voice, “You must the infamous war hero, Lark Marcus.”

War Hero? Lark did not know that such a title was starting to spread among the people after his victory against the Empire in Yorkshaire City.

The elderly woman continued, “Oh my, I haven’t introduced myself yet. Forgive me.” She chuckled. “Ropianna Aria, one of the royal court magicians of the Kingdom.”

Hearing the woman’s last name, Lark glanced at Chryselle. For a moment, he wondered if the two were related to each other. But judging by their indifferent expressions, having similar surnames must have been a mere coincidence.

“Lark Marcus, Lord of Blackstone Town.” Lark bowed his head. “I’ve heard from Parzival that you took out the high-grade mana stone from a family heirloom. Thank you.”

Lady Ropianna shook her head. “Protecting the royal family is my duty. We should be the one thanking you instead. Coming all the way here from the eastern wilderness…”

Lady Ropianna looked at the leather bag carried by Lark. “I take it that the phylactery is complete?”

Lark smiled. “Yes. The blacksmith did a great job creating it. Let’s just hope it’ll be enough to contain that thing.”

Lady Ropianna was the one who’d received Parzival’s letters, and she was also the one who’d given her approval to fully support Lark’s plan. She

knew that if the phylactery wasn’t strong enough to hold the fragment, they would eventually find themselves face-to-face with that legendary demon.
They finally reached the room where the king was resting. Upon seeing Lady Ropianna and General Carlos, the guards made way and opened the door.

Standing inside the room was the Grand Chamberlain and the chief healer of the capital. An old man, who reminded Lark of a withered tree, was lying on the bed. It’d only been a couple of months since he’d last seen His Majesty. For him to be reduced to such a state—If they delayed the treatment any longer, he would die soon at this rate.

“Ah, General Carlos! Lady Ropianna!” The Grand Chamberlain had large bags underneath his eyes. His eyes darted toward the princess and Lark.

Lark scanned the room. He said, “Pardon me, but are you the chief healer? The one in charge of treating His Majesty?”

The chief healer, a man in his mid-fifties, was surprised by the sudden question of this unknown guest. He stared at Lark for a moment before nodding his head. “That’s right—”

Without warning, a bolt of lightning shot out of Lark’s fingertip and struck the chief healer. Although Lark purposely reduced its strength to

avoid killing his target, it was enough to render the chief healer immobile for a moment. He knelt and started gasping for air.

General Carlos instinctively pulled out his sword and pointed it Lark’s neck. “You dare use magic before His Majesty?”

Although the general was old and retired, he held the same gaze as a ferocious beast.

“The king’s being poisoned by that bastard,” said Lark. He ignored the blade pointed at his neck and cast another spell. Vines grew from the ground and ensnared the body of the chief healer.

Everyone in the room looked at the chief healer after hearing Lark’s remark. They noticed that the chief healer was aghast, as though he couldn’t believe how Lark found out. What an amateur. His face revealed his thoughts in an instant.

“Alcavar ringtail turtle, was it?” said Lark. “Its poison isn’t immediately fatal, but when taken in large amounts, it’ll cripple the body and destroy the meridians. No wonder the curse of the royals started acting up now, of all times.”

The chief healer’s body trembled.

“Treason is a crime punishable by death,” said Lark. “Your wife, children, grandchildren. Everyone down to the fourth generation will be

executed. Even if the crown is lenient, burning by the stake should be enough to rectify your mistakes.”

Lark looked at the elderly woman using the corner of his eyes. Noticing his gaze, Lady Ropianna creased her eyebrows and nodded her head, confirming Lark’s words. She was surprised to hear that His Majesty had been poisoned. Furthermore, that it was done by the chief healer himself.

After hearing that even his grandchildren would be executed, all thoughts of denying the accusation escaped the chief healer. The man was obviously not used to threats like these. Still bound by the vines, the chief healer pleaded, “My grandchild is only five! He’s innocent! Everything’s part of the plan of Lord Hais. If I didn’t poison His Majesty, he would have killed my family.”

Although they weren’t sure if the reason for the chief healer’s betrayal was true, the fact that he’d admitted to the crime was more than enough. Furthermore, he gave out the name of the one behind this ploy.

“Lord Hais?” The Grand Chamberlain couldn’t believe what he’d heard. That minister was among the pillars of the king’s faction. He was among the nobles His Majesty trusted the most.

“Aldur! You fucking traitor!” snarled General Carlos. “His Majesty trusted you! Even if you somehow manage to avoid the death penalty, I’ll personally make sure to feed you to the myrmekes!”

Being subjected to the retired general’s glare was enough for the chief healer to tremble non-stop.

Lark took out a vial from his pouch and handed it to Lady Ropianna. “This should be enough to detoxify the body of His Majesty. Luckily, they used a weak toxin.” Lady Ropianna looked at the red liquid sloshing inside the vial. Seeing her curious gaze, Lark said, “Middle-grade healing potion.”

Lady Ropianna and General Carlos looked at each other. The two of them had been trying to find ways to cure the king for quite some time now. Several months ago, they’d heard of a mysterious potion circulating in the black market. A miracle medicine which originated from the eastern part of the Kingdom.

A single vial cost a hundred gold coins, and according to their intel, it was more potent that the ones produced by the alchemists of the royal family. Large wounds would heal in a rate visible to the human eyes; the potion’s ability to heal was even better than the most expensive medicines sold in the capital.

Unfortunately, the supply was scarce to the point that they failed to get their hands on it even after offering triple the amount. This was to be expected, since Lark made sure to produce only four to five vials of those potions each month. And when Lark went to the front lines to participate in the war, the production of these middle-grade potions stopped.

To think that they’d get their hands on one of those potions now, of all times.

Lady Ropianna opened the vial, dipped a finger inside and licked the liquid on her finger. After confirming that it wouldn’t harm those who consumed it, she carefully administered it to His Majesty.

After a minute, the king’s skin started regaining its healthy color. Although he was still emaciated, he no longer looked like a withered twig. The middle-grade potion would do nothing to halt the curse, but it was more than enough to neutralize the poison from His Majesty’s body.

Lady Ropianna carefully studied His Majesty for a moment, before casting several healing spells on his body.

To Lark’s surprise, he didn’t recognize more than half the spells the seer used to heal His Majesty. They were probably no stronger than third-tier healing spells judging by the flow of mana, but the mere fact that it was

the first time Lark encountered them made him wonder of the other magic people used in this timeline.

He decided that once given the chance, he would study the magic in this Kingdom. Some people might glorify him to be one of the strongest magicians to have ever lived, but Lark never considered himself omniscient in magic. He knew that even if he spent hundreds of years studying, it’d be impossible to learn everything.

The king finally opened his eyes. Seeing this, the princess shouted, “Father!” and went to his side. She grasped his hand, and repeatedly mumbled, “Thank God! Thank God!”

“Esmeralda?” The king felt the firm grip of his daughter. “What are you doing here?” The last he remembered, she went to Blackstone Town under the pretext of a ‘cultural exchange program.’

The King’s eyes scanned the room. He gazed at the chief healer bound by the vines, General Carlos, the Grand Chamberlain, the priestess of the temple, the seer, and finally, Lark Marcus.

“Ropianna,” said King Alvis.

“Your Majesty.” The hunched, elderly woman bowed her head. “I’m glad you’re finally awake.”

“What happened here?” asked King Alvis, his voice weak.

Lady Ropianna deliberated for a moment if it was wise to tell the king everything, when he’d just woken up. But after some thinking, she decided to reveal everything that transpired.

The king listened silently as the seer told him everything she knew.

After she was done, the king sighed and looked at the chief healer.

“Aldur,” said King Alvis. “Why?”

To the chief healer’s surprise, the eyes of the king held no anger, only sadness and regret. The eyes of someone who’d been betrayed by a very close friend.

Under normal circumstances, the chief healer would have tried making excuses at this moment, but after seeing King Alvis’ gaze, he simply bowed his head and closed his eyes. He mumbled, “I’m sorry.”

Silence befell the room.

After some time, General Carlos spoke, “Your Majesty, regarding Lord Hais…”

“Let none of this leak to the outside,” said the king. “We do not know who our enemies are, right now. Invite all the ministers, government officials, royal court magicians, and nobles to the throne room, including Minister Hais.”

“Understood.” General Carlos saluted.

“Let’s see what my friend, Lord Hais, has to say,” said the King.


He sounded lonely, as though he’d lost a member of his family.

CHAPTER 21

The moment Lord Hais arrived at the king’s castle and disembarked from his carriage, he was immediately seized by several soldiers.

“What’s the meaning of this?” snarled Lord Hais. “Unhand me at once!”

A familiar raspy voice replied, “We’ve just finished talking with the princess’ group just now, Minister Hais, surely you understand what this is all about?”

Lord Hais’ eyes widened and he immediately understood. His worst fears had come true. But how did they pry the information out of those assassins? How did they bypass the oath of silence binding them? He furrowed his eyebrows, trying to feign his innocence as much as possible. “Yes, I heard that Esmeralda has returned. That’s why I immediately rushed here to the castle.” He glared at the guards holding him down. “Only to be mistreated by these imbeciles!”

The guards momentarily shrank from his glare, but they didn’t release him regardless.

“Ropianna, this is a transgression! A crime against a minister of the Kingdom!” Lord Hais continued glaring at everyone around him. “Even if

you’re a royal court magician, you will not escape punishment!” Lord Hais started dishing out threats, but the elderly woman simply stared at him, unperturbed by his words. Her eyes were filled with disappointment.

“Take him to the throne room,” said Lady Ropianna.

“Yes, Lady Magician!”

His hands cuffed and his magic sealed by the royal court magician, Lord Hais was taken to the throne room.

To Lord Hais’ surprise, the throne room was already half full by the time he arrived. All of the remaining ministers of the Kingdom, nobles from different factions, royal court magicians, various officials of the capital, and even the retired General Carlos were already inside. Judging by their surprised faces when the guards brought him in, they were still in the dark about what was going on right now.

General Carlos, clad in plate armor, nodded at Lady Ropianna. It seemed that in this room, only these two knew what was going on at the current moment.

Murmurs filled the throne room as everyone looked at Lord Hais. He was forced to kneel on the floor, his body tied with chains and with magic.

Although some nobles friendly with Lord Hais started to protest against his current treatment, none of them dared to forcefully ask for him

to be released, especially after seeing the glare of the retired general.

The buzz continued, until the gigantic double doors of the throne room were opened, and Viscount Lakian, the Grand Chamberlain of the King, entered. He tapped his staff against the ground. Silence befell the throne room at once.

“The embodiment of God Nruz. The Heart of the Sun. His Majesty, King Alvis Lukas VI has arrived. Everyone, show your respect.”

Everyone in the throne room was struck speechless when an emaciated old man started walking toward the throne. He looked ill and weak, but his every movement was the epitome of the word regal.

“K-King Alvis?” whispered one of the nobles.

Everyone knew that the king had collapsed and hadn’t woken up yet.

They hadn’t expected to see the king here, awake and walking.

The first to kneel were the retired General Carlos and Lady Ropianna, followed by the royal guards. Seeing this, everyone else followed suit. The sound of the king’s footsteps echoed in the throne room.

Behind the king, the princess, and her knights, several other unfamiliar faces followed behind.

After the king sat on the throne, he spoke, “Everyone, rise. You may raise your heads.”

Everyone stood up and looked at the king sitting on the throne. Now that they’d taken a careful look, it was indeed King Alvis. There was no doubt about it.

Standing next to the king was Princess Esmeralda, and right next to the princess was a young man with short silver hair and clear blue eyes. Just a single look was enough for the nobles to realize the identity of that person. But what was the second son of Duke Drakus doing here at the capital? And why was he standing next to the princess?

Everyone in the throne room held several questions in their mind. Judging by the sudden summon of the crown, something big was going to happen moments from now.

The king looked at everyone in the room, before his eyes landed on Lord Hais. “Hais, it’s been a while,” said the king.

Lord Hais, still shackled by metallic chains and magic, bowed his head. “Yes, Your Majesty. I’m truly glad to see you safe and sound.”

The face of the king contorted for a moment upon hearing those words. Was it anger, disappointment, sadness? No one was sure. Everyone here knew that Lord Hais was among the pillars of the king’s faction. They could not understand why Lord Hais was currently kneeling there, his body bound by chains.

Silence befell the throne room.

Eventually, the King sighed and rubbed his temples. “Hais, I’m disappointed in you.”

“F-Forgive me, but I do not understand, Your Majesty,” said Lord Hais in a trembling voice.

General Carlos snorted. “Stop feigning ignorance. We already know that you’re the reason for His Majesty’s collapse.”

Those words stirred everyone in the throne room. They couldn’t believe that a rift had formed between the king and the minister. Furthermore, it seemed that Lord Hais tried to harm His Majesty.

Lord Hais continued to tremble. He still did his best to feign ignorance of what was going on. “I… I don’t understand, Your Majesty! I’ve been your faithful ally, even before your coronation. I would never dare harm you!” Lord Hais glared at Lady Ropianna and General Carlos. “I don’t know what kind of lies those two fed you, my King! But please believe me!”

Lord Hais noticed the princess standing next to the king. She wore a look of disappointment as she looked at her uncle.

“Princess Esmeralda, please tell your father! You know that Uncle Hais would never do something to harm His Majesty, right?”

The princess bit her lip and shook her head, disagreeing with all the things Lord Hais just said.

Lord Hais’ eyes darted toward the young man standing next to the princess. Lord Hais did not like the pair of blue eyes that were looking at him as though he was garbage.

“Bring in the chief healer,” said the king.

On cue, a man in his mid-fifties was brought into the throne room by the guards. Just like Lord Hais, the chief healer was bound by chains.

“The chief healer already confessed to the crime this morning,” said the king.

Shivers crawled down Lord Hais’ spine upon hearing this.

The king said to the chief healer, “Aldur, let everyone in this room hear

it.”

Before Lord Hais could stop him, the chief healer started recounting the story in a desperately loud voice. Spit flew out as the chief healer blabbered his mouth nonstop. At the same time, the everyone’s face slowly transitioned from disbelief, to disgust, and eventually, anger.

According to the chief healer, Lord Hais was the one pulling the strings —the one behind the collapse of His Majesty. After he captured the chief healer’s only grandchild, the minister coerced the chief healer to slowly

feed poison to the king, eventually resulting in His Majesty’s collapse during the banquet.

“H-His Majesty is already weak from age,” said the chief healer. “W-With the help of the poison, the curse used this opportunity to start devouring the king’s soul.”

To some of the government officials, this was the first time they’d heard of this curse. But most of the nobles in the room were aware that an incurable curse ran down the blood of the royal family. It was just simply taboo to talk about it.

“Lies!” shouted Lord Hais. “Why would I poison the king? Everyone knows that I’m loyal to His Majesty! If we think about it, who will gain the most if His Majesty suddenly dies? Surely, it isn’t me! How about the Kelvins! The Marcuses! The Youchesters!”

Lord Hais started pushing the blame to others. “None of my sons are eligible for the throne! As part of the king’s faction, if His Majesty dies, we’ll be the ones to suffer the most!”

A buzz filled the throne room once again. The nobles and government officials started discussing things among themselves. The argument of Lord Hais was valid, after all. They could not see what the minister would gain from this ploy.

“The chief healer is obviously trying to frame me, Your Majesty!” pleaded Lord Hais. “They’re trying to break one of the pillars of your faction! Please reconsider, my king!”

The king fell silent. Everything Lord Hais had said made sense.

He looked at the priestess from the Temple of the Water God. “Priestess Thea. Could you perform an Oath of Veracity for us?”

“I’d be happy to, Your Majesty.” The priestess bowed her head and moved to where Lord Hais was situated.

The king said to Lord Hais, “In front of all these witnesses, we will now conduct an Oath of Veracity. If what you are saying is truly correct, you shall be freed from all allegations and criminal liabilities.”

Color started draining from Lord Hais’ face as the priestess came closer.

“But if it is found that you are behind the attempted assassination,” the king paused for a few seconds, as though he couldn’t bring himself to say his next words, “you shall be publicly executed.”

The priestess finally stood before Lord Hais. In a soft voice, she said, “Please forgive my impudence, but we shall proceed with the ritual, minister.”

The priestess took out a dagger and made a small cut on the Lord Hais’ finger. With practiced movements, she started performing the ritual. Slowly, a small magic formation formed underneath her feet.

Lord Hais panicked. Once the Oath of Veracity was complete, he would have no choice but to tell everyone the truth. Even a simple lie would subject his body to the most excruciating pain possible.

Realizing that he had no way out of this mess, he decided to confess everything. It would be better to speak now, while the oath hadn’t bound his body yet.

“I’ll tell you everything!” he shouted. Lord Hais breathed in. “That’s right! I’m the one behind the poisoning of His Majesty!”

There was momentary silence, before the crowd burst into outrage. Those loyal to the crown were glaring at him, while the fence-sitters held bewildered gazes.

The king grabbed his chest after hearing Lord Hais’ words.

“Your Majesty!” said one of the guards.

“I’m fine,” breathed King Alvis. Tears started forming at the corner of his eyes. For some reason, this betrayal felt more painful than the curse. He felt his heart being squeezed as the words of his friend echoed in his mind.

Princess Esmeralda clenched her fists and bit her lip, but managed to hold back her tears. She remained standing next to her father, concerned of his well-being.

“Hais, when we were young,” King Alvis struggled to say his words due to the squeezing pain in his heart, “we both dreamed of a better Kingdom. Isn’t that right? I was merely the Crown Prince back then, and you were just the deputy to the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Back then, you repeatedly proposed several reforms for the Kingdom, ways to improve the lives of the citizens.”

The pain became more unbearable as the King reminisced. This was more painful than the betrayal of the chief healer.

“When my father died and the Southern Faction revolted, you were the first person to come to my aid.” The king gripped the armrest. “You rallied your troops to quell the rebellion, along with Carlos, Ropianna, and Mikael. You never left my side until the end of the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident.”

That incident solidified the King’s trust in Lord Hais. When all seemed lost and the rebels managed to breach the capital, Lord Hais was among those who stood valiantly at the front lines.

“So why?” The king’s snarl echoed in the throne room. His chest rapidly rose and fell. When the anguish became unbearable, it finally turned

into anger. “Why did you do it?” said the king. “Was it for money, for power? You could have told me and I would have done what I could to help you! We’re friends, aren’t we?!”

No one expected such words to come out of the king’s mouth. Just now, King Alvis spoke to Lord Hais not as the ruler of this Kingdom, but as a lifelong friend. As a comrade who’d been with him through numerous tribulations.

“Lock him up in the dungeon.” The King spoke through gritted teeth. “In accordance to the laws of the Kingdom, he shall be executed in public at a later date.”

Several guards immediately moved to drag away Lord Hais from the throne room.

“W-Wait! I was merely forced into this, Your Majesty!” shouted Lord Hais. “Please believe me. It’s all part of that man’s plan!”

King Alvis raised his hand and the soldiers stopped.

“Speak.”

“Everything was part of Du—”

Duke Kelvin’s plans.

For some reason, Lord House couldn’t utter those words out loud.

He felt a tingling sensation on his hand, specifically at the part where Duke Kelvin engraved the crests of Black Midas. Slowly, Lord Hais’ eyes widened. He realized the real reason Duke Kelvin easily gave him these crests. The tingling sensation started to burn, and the crests started sucking in all the mana in his body.

“What’s happening?!”

Lord Hais raised his hand and noticed that it was swelling at a noticeable rate. The same was true for his face, trunk, and legs.

“I-It hurts! H-Help! Help me!”

Lord Hais screamed. Slowly, his body bloated, as though he’d swallowed large amounts of water.

Lark Marcus was the first one to react among the crowd. He leaped toward Lord Hais and placed a hand on his chest and channeled his mana into it, immediately suppressing the body from growing any further than this.

But it was too late.

Blood and muddy water started flowing from Lord Hais’ eyes, ears, and mouth. Seeing this, Lark gave up all thoughts of saving him. He took a few steps back and cast a small dome-shaped barrier spell, enclosing Lord Hais’ body.

The bloated body finally burst, sending innards, blood, and muddy water flying about. Thankfully, the barrier spell blocked everything, preventing them from splattering the surrounding officials.

The nobles started screaming in fright, while the royal guards immediately moved in front of His Majesty.

Lark was in dismay as he stared at what remained of Lord Hais’ body. If he had been a few seconds quicker to respond, he would have been able to prevent the spell from killing the minister.

“What… happened?” said the king. “Why did Hais suddenly…”

Lady Ropianna trudged toward what remained of Lord Hais’ body. After closely inspecting the remains, she said, “An Oath of Death, Your Majesty. And the repercussions and restrictions placed on this one are… quite brutal, it seems.”

She looked at Lark, as though asking for confirmation. The young man simply stood there, his eyes fixated on the disfigured corpse.

“An Oath of Death,” said King Alvis. “I’ve seen one before… But is it supposed to be as ruthless as this?”

“It isn’t usually,” said Lady Ropianna.

Piercing the heart with magic was more than sufficient to kill a person, and this was the most common form of repercussion in an Oath of Death.

Even for Lady Ropianna, this was the first time she’d encountered such an extremely brutal case.

“It seems that even Minister Hais didn’t know that he was under the oath,” she said. The minister’s reaction as before his death was peculiar, no matter how she thought about it.

Lady Ropianna looked at the king and added, “But one thing is for sure —there’s another person behind the attempted assassination of His Majesty.”

CHAPTER 22

“Another person,” repeated King Alvis. The words of Lady Ropianna echoed in his mind. He rubbed his brows as his head started to ache. So many events transpired the moment he woke up, taking their toll on his mind.

Who was it? Who was the man behind Lord Hais? The real culprit pulling the strings.

While the king was in deep thought, Elias, one of the three royal court magicians present in the throne room, approached the disfigured corpse. He glanced at Lark and passed by him. Upon reaching the corpse of Lord Hais, he bent down and grabbed the sundered hand lying on the ground. The faces of the nobles and government officials who saw this contorted from disgust.

“Interesting,” said the royal court magician. “The spell just ended, but there are no longer any traces of magic left in his corpse.”

Blood dripped down the severed hand he was holding.

“Elias, what do you think?” said the king.

Elias was the best archer of the Kingdom and ranked among the royal court magicians. His eyesight and reflexes were far better than your average

soldier. It was well-known that he could even catch an arrow with his fingers.

Surprisingly, despite being an archer, Elias’ skin was whiter than snow. It was as though his body was drained of all blood, as though he’d never been exposed to the scorching sun before.

Elias ‘Farsight’ saw everything moments before Lord Hais’ death. He was sure that not just one, but five crests activated before the minister’s body burst into pieces. But now that he’d personally checked the minister’s corpse, there were no longer any traces of magic left in it. It was peculiar.

“If I’m not mistaken… the minister was bound by five Oaths of Death, Your Majesty,” said Elias.

“F-Five?” said the king.

It was unheard of. Just one was enough to kill a person.

“Priestess Thea,” said Elias. His black eyes were a stark contrast to his pale, white skin. “Is it possible for a single person to undergo five Oaths of Death at the same time?”

Priestess Thea stared at the corpse of the minister then shook her head. “I’m… not sure. I’ve heard from a fellow priest regarding two concurrent oaths, but five? It’s probably never been done before, and I don’t see any merit in doing so.”

It seemed that five oaths had never been attempted before. Even the priestess from the Water God’s Temple did not know the answer to his question.

“Is that so?” Elias frowned. “Then was it a mistake?”

As Elias started doubting what he saw, the young man standing silently near the corpse spoke.

“I also saw them,” said Lark. “Five crests. The first one pierced the minister’s chest, and the remaining four forced their way through his mana core and overloaded his inner circuit. His body couldn’t handle the rampaging mana—” Lark looked at the disfigured corpse on the ground. “—And burst into pieces.”

Elias was surprised to hear a detailed explanation of what transpired. Even he, the best archer of the Kingdom, couldn’t catch all those details at once.

“I agree with what Lady Ropianna said,” said Lark. “It seemed that the minister wasn’t aware that he was bound by an Oath of Death.”

The petrified expression of the minister moments before his death was still vivid in everyone’s mind. It wasn’t the face of someone who knew beforehand that he was going to die.

***

Due to Lord Hais’ unexpected death, Lady Ropianna suggested that they postpone discussing the method to sever the curse running through the blood of the royal family to a later date.

Lord Hais was among the most trusted vassals of King Alvis and one of his closest friends. The minister’s betrayal, coupled with his gruesome death, had taken a toll on His Majesty’s mental health.

After that incident, the king followed Lady Ropianna’s advice and rested in his room for two days, refusing any and all audiences from his subjects.

On the third day, the king finally summoned Lark’s group to the throne room to discuss the method proposed in the letter.

When Lark and his disciples arrived in the throne room, nobles belonging to the king’s faction, royal knights, royal court magicians, various government officials, and the princess and her knights were already inside.

There were fewer people gathered here today than last time. Lark surmised that the king summoned only his trusted vassals.

Lark started with formalities. Together with his disciples, he knelt on one knee and bowed his head.

“It’s an honor to be in the presence of Your Majesty!”

“I-It’s an honor to be in the presence of Your Majesty!”

Chryselle and Anandra performed the stance with swift but graceful movements, as though they’d practiced it several times before. Austen and George’s movements, on the other hand, were stiff and awkward. The brothers were too nervous and stuttered the words out.

“Please rise,” said King Alvis. “There’s no need for useless formalities. Especially after saving this old man’s life.”

Lark and his disciples stood up and they finally gazed at the king. The old man sitting on the throne looked better than before. Although he’d locked himself inside his room after that incident, it seemed that he hadn’t neglected his health. His cheeks no longer looked sunken and his skin had regained its vibrant color.

“Everyone here has already been briefed regarding the method you’ve proposed in your letter,” said King Alvis. “And the royal court magicians have analyzed this so-called phylactery we’ll be using to sever the curse.”

Lark looked at the royal court magicians standing just below the throne. Lady Ropianna was gently smiling at him, Elias ‘Farsight’ was staring at Anandra, while the remaining royal court magician—a muscular bald man who could be easily mistaken as a mercenary—held a fierce gaze.

“Ropianna, please tell us what you think,” said the king.

Lady Ropianna bowed her head at the king for a moment, before turning her gaze to the crowd. Everyone turned silent. Her raspy voice was surprisingly audible. “Frankly speaking, three days isn’t enough time for us to fully analyze the phylactery,” said the elderly female magician.

The nobles and government officials understood what those words meant: the magic engraved in that item was probably complex enough that even royal court magicians were unable to fully understand it in just a couple of days.

Lady Ropianna pointed a finger at the black bag sitting next to her feet. It opened by itself and a silver-black jar hovered up and stopped right above her head. It slowly spun around.

She said, “The exterior’s quite plain, and if not for its silver-black sheen, it would have been difficult to identify this as a magic item at first glance. But the interior… it’s the first time I’ve seen such a complex magic circle. It’s amazing that the blacksmith managed to engrave those overlapping magic formations inside this thing.”

Lady Ropianna paused and said to Lark, “I think it is safe to assume that the magic engraved in this jar is meant to suppress the so-called demon’s fragment.”

“That is correct, lady magician,” said Lark.

Lady Ropianna pondered. “I see. As expected… Judging by the runes, it’s probably a barrier spell. A very strong one at that. Tenth-tier magic might not be enough to suppress the fragment… then is it… Grand Scale Magic? But it’s never been done before…”

Her last few words trailed off.

Hearing this, Elias frowned. “Hey, Ropianna,” said Elias. “We’ve discussed it beforehand, right? It’s impossible to engrave Grand Scale Magic into an artifact! Moreover in an item as small as that! It’s probably tenth-tier at most. Stop with the useless questions—”

“—Sir Lark Marcus still hasn’t answered my question.” Ropianna cast a glare at Elias. “Don’t butt in, Farsight.”

“Seriously, this old woman.” Elias clicked his tongue.

Ropianna turned to Lark and smiled. “What kind of spell is engraved inside the mithril jar? I’ve been halting the progression of the curse of His Majesty for several years now. I’m quite sure that the demon who helped found this Kingdom is a ridiculously strong one.”

Lark knew that whether or not they’d proceed with his suggested method depended on his answer to this one. It seemed that to Lady Ropianna, anything less than Grand Scale Magic wouldn’t be enough to restrain the demonic fragment.

Lark agreed on her sentiment.

“It’s a spell called Heaven’s Dominion,” said Lark. “A barrier spell, just like Lady Ropianna speculated.”

Chryselle stared at Lark in astonishment upon hearing the name of the spell. Lady Ropianna and Elias, on the other hand, were unperturbed. It seemed that they weren’t familiar with the spell.

The bald royal court magician who’d been silent until now chuckled. He glared at Lark and said mockingly, “How funny. Brat, do you even know what kind of spell Heaven’s Dominion is?”

Ropianna furrowed her brows at that statement. “Nickolai.”

Nickolai looked at Ropianna and Elias. “The two of you probably aren’t aware of it, but the name of the spell that kid spouted—it’s the same spell protecting the Dwarven Kingdom as of this moment.” Nickolai smirked. He roared, as though what Lark just said was the most offensive thing he’d heard, “Heaven’s Dominion isn’t Grand Scale Magic, kid! It’s a magic exclusive to dragons! Are you taking us for fools, you shitty brat?”

Nickolai’s voice echoed in the throne room. The nobles and government officials flinched, while General Carlos held a dissatisfied gaze. He was about to reprimand the royal court magician for shouting while under the presence of the His Majesty, but King Alvis wordlessly

stopped him. Seeing Lark’s confident gaze, King Alvis decided to see how things would play out.

“T-The barrier spell that has been protecting the Dwarven Kingdom for centuries?” one of the nobles said.

“I-If we have such a spell engraved in that mithril jar then maybe…”

“Stop dreaming,” Nickolai said to the nobles. “You heard what Farsight said a while ago, right? It’s impossible to engrave anything beyond tenth-tier magic into an artifact. Heaven’s Dominion is Pinnacle Grade Magic. A spell even Grand Scale Magic couldn’t compare to. And this kid is telling us that a spell exclusive to dragons is going to be activated the moment we pour mana into that phylactery?” Nickolai sneered. “This brat is clearly delusional. It seems that we’ve wasted all that wait for nothing.”

King Alvis stroked his beard. “Lark Marcus. Is everything Nickolai said true?

Lark remained stoic despite Nickolai’s mocking words. “Half of it, yes.”

Nickolai glared at Lark.

“Half of it?” said King Alvis. “I am no magician, so I hope you can explain everything to me in a manner I can understand.”

“Of course, Your Majesty,” said Lark. “It’s true that Heaven’s Dominion is Pinnacle Grade Magic. The highest tier of magic there is. But it isn’t true that it’s impossible to engrave spells higher than tenth-tier into artifacts. This phylactery is testament to that. And it also isn’t true that Heaven’s Dominion is a spell exclusive to dragons.”

The throne room was silent as everyone listened to Lark’s words.

Lark raised his index finger. “Mana capacity. It’s one of the fundamental things separating dragons from humans. Even if a hundred ordinary magicians pooled all of their mana, it probably wouldn’t be enough to cast a single Pinnacle Grade Magic spell. But dragons are different. If a dragon used up all of the mana stored in its body, it should be possible for it to cast Pinnacle Grade Magic on its own, without external help. Without artifacts, fancy rituals and magic formations.”

Lark continued, “Theoretically speaking, if there exists a human with a mana pool comparable to dragons, and he has a medium to channel that enormous amount of mana into, it should be possible for him to also cast Pinnacle Grade Magic on his own. A dragon’s resilient body is capable of acting as a medium, but humans would need artifacts—made of mithril or adamantite—to perform Pinnacle Grade Magic.”

The reason Lark considered the Sword of Morpheus his most prized possession was because of this. It was the perfect medium when performing the highest tier spells. It didn’t break even after he’d cast consecutive Pinnacle Grade Magic spells when he fended off the Demon Lord’s army on his own, back then.

“Interesting,” said the King. “Ropianna, what do you think?”

“It’s plausible, Your Majesty.” Lady Ropianna bobbed her head. “If this young man’s logic is truly correct, we can assume that Pinnacle Grade Magic isn’t exclusive to dragons. I wonder… Maybe this misconception was borne from the fact that no human in our Kingdom’s history has ever managed to cast the highest tier of magic? I should look more into this theory, once we’ve taken care of the curse.”

“Plausible?” Nickolai snorted. “You said it yourself, kid. You’ll need mana comparable to dragons to perform that magic!”

“That’s what the flower is for,” said Lark. “Tears of Ubroxia is not really a flower, but a crystallized form of mana. You must have seen it yourselves, those petals that look like they’ve been sculpted from ice.”

It was the same reason why it grew only in mana-dense areas.

“I have two questions, if you don’t mind,” said Lady Ropianna. “First… I’ve seen the flower myself. Indeed, there are vast amounts of

mana contained inside the flower, but I doubt it’ll be enough to supply the amount needed to perform Pinnacle Grade Magic. Second, I heard that you requested all available royal court magicians and soldiers to be present during the magic ritual, in case the demon called Agares successfully crosses over to this Kingdom. You even requested for an isolated place where we can perform the spell. A place without any innocent civilians.”

The magic holding the phylactery vanished and the mithril jar fell on Lady Ropianna’s hands. It was very light, compared to its size.

Lady Ropianna continued, “No matter how strong the demon is, it’ll be extremely hard to break a barrier created from Pinnacle Grade Magic. There must be a reason why you requested the royal family mobilize the military.”

Everyone’s attention was on Lark once again. He said, “You are correct. The amount of mana inside the flower is comparable to probably only three to four high-grade mana stones. It isn’t enough to supply the colossal amount of mana needed to perform Pinnacle Grade Magic. But Tears of Ubroxia is special in a way that it is formed by sucking in ambient mana. The same will be true the moment it’s been pulverized into dust and used to activate the magic formation in the mithril jar. The mana the flower is lacking, we’ll forcefully gather from the surroundings.”

“As for your second question, the answer is simple. The spell itself isn’t the problem. The problem lies with the phylactery. Like I’ve told you before, adamantite is the ideal material for this. A chain is no stronger than its weakest link. No matter how strong Heaven’s Dominion is, if the phylactery can’t contain the spell, the demon’s fragment will break out sooner or later.”

CHAPTER 23

After several hours of heated discussion, everyone in the throne room finally came to a consensus—they decided to go with Lark’s suggestion, but under one strict condition: The ritual should be done in a place far from the capital, a desolated place with no innocent civilians.

It was decided that the ritual would be done at Fork Meadow. A vast grassland to the east of Golden Wheat City, right next to the border of the Dwarven Kingdom.

Lady Ropianna revealed to everyone that the moment things went out of hand, she planned on including the dwarves in this mess. Even if she was unable to subdue the demon, she was confident of luring it toward the border of the Dwarven Kingdom. Surely, the dragon guarding its border wouldn’t sit still if a powerful demon suddenly appeared near its protected territory.

Lark was amazed that the elderly female magician thought of this tactic. Shrewd, shameless, but ingenious regardless.

Without further delay, the royal family started mobilizing the army. A thousand elite soldiers, three royal court magicians, a dozen priests capable of healing spells, two hundred mercenaries, and two hundred royal guards made their way toward Fork Meadow.

Over a dozen carts filled with rations, weapons, and sundries moved out of the capital. Coupled with the army marching toward the east, the residents of the capital feared that war had erupted once again. Various rumors about why the army stationed in the capital had been mobilized spread among the masses.

The army moved relentlessly toward the meadow, eventually reaching it after almost two weeks.

During this time, Lark refilled the mana inside the mithril cubes. He also started enchanting the sword he bought from Garma, fortifying its strength severalfold.

By the time they’d arrived, the villages in the meadow were already empty. All villagers had already been evacuated to the Youchester Duchy.

Lark and his disciples disembarked from their carriage.

“What a huge mountain,” said George.

A colossal mountain range, comparable to Yorkshaire, formed a natural barrier to the east, its tip touching the clouds.

“It’s even larger than Yorkshaire.” Austen had to look all the way up to see the top.

“That’s where the dwarves live,” said Lark. “Do you see that white haze over there?” George and Austen stared at the white haze obscuring the

lower half of the mountain range. “That’s the famous barrier protecting the Dwarven Kingdom.” George and Austen gawked at the white haze after hearing Lark’s words.

Nickolai was right. It was Pinnacle Grade Magic. Lark was sure of it. Even from this distance, he could feel the vast amounts of mana maintaining the spell. The dragon must have been supplying it with mana on a regular basis, since the barrier was still at its strongest even after centuries had passed.

Seeing the barrier with his own eyes confirmed the presence of the dragon. Those creatures, which could live for more than a millennium, would sometimes hibernate for several years, and he was worried that it would have been sleeping since winter was looming. But now, he was sure that the dragon was awake after seeing the barrier at its full strength.

Lark looked around. The soldiers were currently making camp, the royal guards started setting up defenses, while the mercenaries started installing traps.

Lark told everyone in the throne room back then that High Demons and above were capable of summoning lesser demons at their beck and call. Agares wouldn’t be their only problem once the phylactery failed to contain the fragment. If worse comes to worst, they might face a demon horde. This

was why the royal family enlisted the help of these mercenaries. Unlike your regular soldiers, these unruly men had vast amounts of experience in dealing with monsters.

“Sir Lark, we’re done with the preparations. We’ve gathered all the necessary materials,” said a soldier. He pointed at a large clearing where several sacks filled with ormatane and gold dust sat.

The phylactery and the high-grade mana stone were with him, the flower was with Lady Ropianna. Lark decided to draw the magic formation now.

Lark cast his spell and a fire serpent manifested before him. It slithered around and started burning the grasses around him, creating a fifty-meter wide scorched clearing, before finally dissipating.

Lark nodded in satisfaction at the now grassless patch of land. He grabbed the sacks containing the ormatane and gold dust and started mixing the two. Using magic, the large sack flew up, tilted to the side, and the mixture of ormatane and gold dust started pouring on the ground, forming a twenty-meter wide magic formation.

The three royal court magicians watched wordlessly as Lark drew the magic formation on the ground. As layers upon layers of runes were drawn, they realized that the magic formation greatly resembled the one inside the

phylactery’s. If Lark’s words were indeed true, then right now, they were witnessing with their own eyes the creation of the magic formation of a Pinnacle Grade Spell.

“Hey, the kid’s quite skilled, isn’t he?” said Farsight.

Nickolai remained silent, while Lady Ropianna bobbed her head.

Impressively, the dust mixture didn’t stop flowing and continued drawing the magic formation, without interruption. It seemed simple at first glance, but the three royal court magicians knew more than anyone here how hard it was to achieve this. This was how the mana was supposed to flow once the magic formation was completed—freely flowing, without halt or disturbance. This went to show how familiar Lark was with this Pinnacle Grade Spell.

After half an hour, Lark finally stopped. The large sack filled with the dust mixture was almost empty by now. He placed the sack down to the side.

“Lady magician, the flower,” Lark said to Ropianna.

Lady Ropianna walked gingerly toward Lark, as though afraid of breaking the small wooden chest in her hands. Upon reaching Lark, she opened it and handed him the flower.

“Thank you,” said Lark.

The elderly female magician wore her usual benign smile. “That was… quite enlightening to watch. The technique you used to circumvent the overlapping runes at the third and fourth layer was ingenious. Farsight and Nickolai probably won’t admit it, but they definitely learned something incredibly useful today.”

“Is that so?” chuckled Lark. He looked at Farsight and was immediately greeted by a frown. It seemed that the best archer of the Kingdom had keen hearing; he definitely heard the words Lady Ropianna said just now.

“I’ll grind this flower into dust,” said Lark. “Lady magician… After this, there’s no going back.”

“We know,” said Lady Ropianna.

After Lady Ropianna moved back to where the rest of the royal court magicians were standing, Lark started grinding the flower into dust. Its petals, which looked as though they’d been sculpted from ice, formed cracks and shattered into numerous minute pieces. Even its core was pulverized.

Lark used the dust created from the Tears of Ubroxia to complete the innermost layer of the magic formation.

Lark approached the king, who’d been watching him from a distance. He bowed. “Your Majesty, the magic formation is almost complete. All that’s left is the blood of the sacrifice.”

“My blood, huh?” said King Alvis. “Of course. Take as much as you need.”

It sounded as though the king was willing to give him half a bucket of blood if needed. Lark politely smiled. “Three drops should do, Your Majesty. Please follow me.”

Lark led the king to the center of the magic formation. He handed him a small knife. “Whenever you’re ready, Your Majesty.”

King Alvis unhesitatingly pressed his thumb against the blade. Blood dripped down the wound and fell into the phylactery’s mouth. Upon the third drop of blood, the magic circle came into life. Beautiful azure runes glowed and the layers of magic formation started spinning around.

Lark amplified his voice using magic. He said to everyone present, “Listen. We will now conduct the ritual to sever the curse running through the blood of the royals. Soldiers, priests, mercenaries, magicians—battle could break out moments from now. Ready yourselves.”

The tension in the air became palpable.

The military officers began issuing out commands. The soldiers and mercenaries pulled out their weapons, all the while the priests and the royal court magicians readied their spells.

Elias ‘Farsight’ had already moved a kilometer away, his arrow pointed in Lark’s direction. If the phylactery broke and the demon appeared, he would immediately fire his strongest magic arrows at it.

Lady Ropianna started preparing the spell—Grand Sanctuary. A ninth-tier spell capable of healing hundreds of people at once. At the same time, she also cast Indomitable Shield on the King. Although it was only a fifth-tier barrier spell, it was a lot better than leaving His Majesty unguarded. Nickolai, on the other hand, cast the ninth-tier spell—Trident of the Lightning God. Three fifteen-meter large lightning spears appeared at the sky, all of them pointed at the direction of the phylactery.

Seeing the spells cast by these famous magicians reassured the soldiers and mercenaries. Some of them even thought that it was overkill. No matter how they thought of it, it’d be impossible for a creature to survive after being impaled by those three gargantuan lightning spears.

“Your Majesty,” said Lark. “Your safety will be our top priority. If the demon breaks out of the phylactery, just as we planned, we’ll immediately flee in the direction of the Dwarven Kingdom.”

The King nodded. He also agreed with this plan, since they’ll be luring the demon away from the direction of the Kingdom of Lukas.

Lark breathed in deeply and said in a firm voice, “Let’s start.”

He took out the high-grade mana stone and forced the mana stored inside to break out. Large amounts of mana started oozing out of the stone. Lark forced it to move into the phylactery, activating the magic formation engraved inside it.

Like a glutton, the phylactery sucked in all the mana oozing out of the high-grade mana stone. Slowly, the runes carved inside it activated. As though it had a life of its own, it tasted the drops of blood inside it and started yearning for more. King Alvis felt an indescribable force pulling him toward the mithril jar. For a moment, he was afraid that the phylactery would suck him inside.

“It’s uncomfortable, but please endure, Your Majesty,” said Lark as he continued guiding the mana inside the phylactery. “What the phylactery is yearning for isn’t your blood, but the fragment flowing through it.”

True enough, King Alvis felt something separate from his body, before going inside the phylactery. It was a peculiar sensation, as though a piece of himself had been torn away and eaten by the mithril jar.

After confirming that the fragment was finally inside the phylactery, Lark immediately started gathering the mana required to activate the Pinnacle Grade Spell—Heaven’s Dominion. By this time, the high-grade mana stone had already been wrung dry. It was now the turn of the flower to supply the amount of mana needed for the ritual.

The ground rumbled as the twenty-meter large magic formation was activated. The runes came to life, starting from the inner layer of the magic formation, spreading toward the outside. At the same time, the grinded pieces of the flower started sucking in ambient mana. The amount being gathered was so colossal that even the non-magicians could see the torrent of mana. This process went on for several minutes, until the mana in their immediate surroundings had been sucked dry.

Finally, they’d gathered enough mana for the Pinnacle Grade Spell.

Lark wordlessly activated the spell—Heaven’s Dominion.

A barrier made from the strongest defensive spell started enclosing the phylactery. It wrapped around it several times, forming a translucent shield resembling glass.

The ground stopped rumbling.

Now that the fragment was inside the phylactery, with a Pinnacle Grade Spell protecting it, all that was left was severing the link.

“I’ll sever the link now, Your Majesty,” said Lark, his face a bit anxious compared to before.

In his current state, even he would find it hard to win against a High Demon, moreover if it was on the level of a Demon Lord. He knew that there was a high chance that he’d die here, the moment he tried severing the link. Well, he could probably make it out alive if he ran away by himself. But that was the last resort he decided he’d make.

Seeing the conflicted expression of Lark, who remained stoic even after being mocked and threatened by Nickolai, the king knew that the most dangerous part of the ritual had come. He nervously swallowed the lump in his throat.

King Alvis closed his eyes. “Do it.”

Now that the fragment had been separated from His Majesty’s body, severing the link was a trivial thing. Cutting it using mana should do the trick.

Lark manipulated his mana and started separating the small, inconspicuous thread linking the fragment and the King.

And cut it.

The moment the link was severed, an eerie screeching sound echoed from the phylactery. It was so incessantly loud that Lark and King Alvis

reflexively covered their ears.

After the screeching sound died, loud thud sounds reverberated in the meadow. It was the same sound as a battering ram hitting a portcullis, only ten times louder.

With bated breath, everyone stared at the phylactery. The sound was coming from that small silver-black jar. With each thud sound, the jar shook, almost toppling over from impact. Whatever was currently contained inside the mithril jar was struggling to get out.

“W-What’s that?” One of the soldiers watching the ritual cried out.

Black wisp seeped out of the phylactery and flew up into the sky, forming a massive ball of black smoke the size of two carriages combined. At the center of the black smoke, a golden, slit-like eye looked at the humans on the meadow below.

“Kid,” Nickolai gnashed his teeth. “Did the ritual fail?”

The three colossal spears of lightning pointed their tips at the black smoke at the sky. Nickolai was ready to fire his spell at the demon at any time.

A kilometer away from this place, Lark felt the undulating mana from Elias ‘Farsight’. It seemed that the best archer of the Kingdom had gathered vast amounts of mana into his arrow, ready to strike down the demon.

“No,” said Lark. He looked at the phylactery. The mithril jar showed no signs of breaking as of this moment. “As long as the medium is intact, that demon will still be bound by Heaven’s Dominion.”

Nickolai didn’t seem to be convinced of Lark’s answer. His lightning spears aimed at the black smoke crackled dangerously.

“If the demon’s still bound by the spell, then... what the hell is that?”

The golden eye inside the black smoke continued observing the humans below. Even Lark found it peculiar. He could not understand the actions taken by the demon just now. It seemed that instead of using the fragment to open a portal to this location, the demon opted to just observe the humans using vision magic. It no longer tried breaking the mithril jar the moment it saw the humans.

After heavy silence, an eerie voice spoke. It was as though five men were speaking the same words, at the same time. The voice resounded in the meadow.

“I see. You are the descendant of that human,” said the black smoke. The golden eye was looking straight at King Alvis. “Interesting. Truly interesting.”

The golden eye quickly scanned the surroundings. The army below, the mountain range to the east, the colossal lightning spears and magic arrows

aimed at it, and finally, at the mithril jar sitting on the ground.

The golden eye clad in black smoke slowly hovered down. Lark signaled the royal court magicians not to fire their spells at it. Right now, Heaven’s Dominion was still enclosing the phylactery. The demon would be unable to do anything to them as long as that spell was still active.

The moment the golden eye was directly above King Alvis, it said, “Tristan… You really resemble that snotty brat. Now… this brings back fond memories. How pleasant.”

The eyes of King Alvis slowly grew wide. He hadn’t expected such words to come out of the demon’s mouth.

King Tristan Lukas I was the founding king of this nation. According to the history passed down the royal family, he was the king who made a pact with the demon called Agares.

“A-Are you the demon called Agares?” said King Alvis.

The black smoke closed its eye for a moment. “Agares. Indeed, Tristan used to call me by that name.” Although the demon’s voice sounded eerie, it seemed that right now, it was laughing, as though the mention of its name brought pleasant memories.

“That cheeky brat’s descendant managed to sever the curse in the end, huh? I’m glad.” The demon chuckled.

Slowly, the black smoke started dissipating.

“I would have loved to stay some more and listen to stories, descendant of Tristan. But the miasma shrouding this fragment will damage the medium, should I linger in this plane any longer. Listen, Barkuvara is going to wake up soon. Strengthen your forces. Seek the protection of the dragons. The moment he wakes up, my tribe will no longer be able to prevent the demon race from slaughtering the humans. Everything… is only a matter of time. Descendant of Tristan, use everything you have to ensure your survival.”

And the smoke and the golden eye disappeared completely.

Silence fell.

Everyone was too stunned about what had just transpired to utter a single word. They’d expected to fight a life-or-death battle, but the demon they feared ended up giving them a warning about an impending doom instead.

Lark grabbed the phylactery on the ground. It was still in fairly good condition. For some reason, the demon called Agares made sure not to damage the mithril jar. Even the mana maintaining the Pinnacle Grade Magic was left untouched. Truly, that demon was a peculiar one.

For some reason, it felt as though Agares deliberately suppressed the fragment to avoid damaging the phylactery. Lark smiled wryly at this thought.

They’d been worried for nothing, after all.

“Barkuvara,” mumbled King Alvis. He’d heard that name several times before.

The Blue Moonlight Troupe frequently performed plays reenacting the battle between the avatar of the Sun God and the Demon Lord Barkuvara.

EPILOGUE

Contrary to everyone’s expectations, the ritual at Fork Meadow ended with no casualties. Furthermore, the demon left without even destroying the mithril jar and the Pinnacle Grade Spell. None of them could contain their joy, since they’d just survived what was supposed to be a life-or-death situation.

It felt as though the Goddess of Luck smiled upon them.

That very same night, instead of going to the nearest city, King Alvis decided to hold a feast on Fork Meadow. A large bonfire was lit at the camp and food was unsparingly handed out to the soldiers and mercenaries. It was a sumptuous feast composed mainly of grilled meat, bread, wheat soup, and mead.

Lark wondered where the supplies team got hold of the alcohol, when it was strictly forbidden on a military expedition like this. Well, there was no use in pondering over useless things.

“Anandra, you’re not going to eat?” said Lark.

Anandra was leaning on their carriage, his sword dangling on his waist. “I’m still on guard duty, My Lord. I will have my fill later once everyo—”

Lark tossed a bottle of mead to him and Anandra caught it nimbly. “Stop being stubborn. Although our group is currently camped at the periphery of this army, there’s a very slim chance someone would suddenly attack us with all of these soldiers around. You’re not some old man. Join us.”

Austen and George snickered, their mouths still filled with grilled meat. The two always called Anandra ‘old man’ behind his back. And during the days when the brothers were more audacious, they would sometimes openly call him ‘gramps.’

Anandra heeded Lark’s request. He sat down next to the brothers and cast an icy gaze at the two for a moment. Austen froze, while George choked on the food in his mouth.

It was subtle, but Lark was sure that Anandra smirked after seeing George gasp for air.

“You’re picking on kids now?” chuckled Lark. He moved his cup right in front of Anandra and said, “Let’s drink.” Anandra hesitated for a moment before opening the bottle of alcohol. He filled Lark’s cup half full. Anandra’s expression as he stared at the bottle in his hand was a dead giveaway. He was definitely wondering if they were even allowed to drink

this thing. “Even the top brass are drinking.” Lark gulped down his cup in one go. “And we won’t get drunk on mead anyway.”

Anandra was surprised that Lark was lenient on this. He also grabbed a cup and silently started drinking. Around them, the sound of soldiers laughing reverberated.

Lark looked at Chryselle, who until now, was looking silently at the direction of the bonfire. The meat in her hand was almost untouched.

“You look gloomy,” Lark said to her. “Is something the matter?”

Chryselle looked at him and sighed. “Master Lark… what do you think of the demon’s words? The things it said before it vanished.”

“That His Majesty is the spitting image of King Tristan?” joshed Lark.

“Not that!” said Chryselle.

Lark chuckled.

“What I’m talking about is Bar—”

“—Barkuvara,” said Lark. “It’s surprising. It seems you’re familiar with the name.”

“Everyone who studied in the Magic Academy is familiar with him,” she said. “That’s the same Demon Lord who destroyed the Magic Empire over a millennium ago.”

Lark understood where she was coming from, and what she was worried about. Although the soldiers were currently in a festive mood after this morning, the royal court magicians looked uneasy. Their worries were probably the same as Chryselle’s.

“The demon said it himself, that Barkuvara is still asleep as of this moment,” she said. “After hearing that, everything finally made sense. Why after destroying the Magic Empire, the demons suddenly went into hiding and didn’t come out even after a millennium had passed.” Chryselle looked down and tightened her grip on the grilled meat in her hand. “If that demon suddenly wakes up…”

Lark remembered the words uttered by Agares before he disappeared.


The moment he wakes up, my tribe will no longer be able to prevent the demon race from slaughtering the humans. Everything… is only a matter of time.

Lark also had several questions after hearing those words. He had several conjectures, especially after seeing the magic used by Agares during their short encounter, but he knew it’d be impossible to come up with any conclusion with the little amount of information they currently had.

Even if they moped all day and feared for the impending doom of the human race, nothing would change. Lark decided to at least enjoy the

festivities tonight and drink to his heart’s content.

“Even if the demons suddenly come out of their hiding and started attacking the humans, we won’t be annihilated without a fight,” said Lark.

Chryselle looked up and stared at him. There was indescribable strength seeping through those blue eyes. Once again, she questioned if the person in front of her was really someone who’d just come of age.

“And even if Barkuvara wakes up today, it’s not like he’ll be able to incite the demons to attack human nations the next day. Just like us humans, demons have an established hierarchy. Just think of it like the nobility. I’m pretty sure someone else is ruling over the demon race right now, with Barkuvara absent for over a millennium. Agares is probably part of that ruling class, since they’re able to stop the demons from slaughtering the humans. The demon said it himself, right?”

Lark plopped himself on the grass and looked at the clear sky. “And besides, humans aren’t weak. The human race survived the Cataclysm and the Descent. It’s the same even at today. They’ll always find ways to survive, no matter what.”

Chryselle also looked up. For some reason, the sky looked beautiful tonight. She smiled. “You’re right.”

While the two were enjoying the view of the night sky, a familiar voice said, “Here you are.”

Lark looked at the source and saw Farsight walking toward his direction. The man’s skin was as white as before. His black eyes were even darker than the night itself.

“His Majesty’s calling for you,” said Farsight. “Come with me.”

For a moment, Farsight looked at the direction of Anandra, then at the brothers devouring the food, before finally resting on the red-haired woman.

Lark stood up and dusted his clothes. For a royal court magician to personally come and get him, the matter must be of great importance.

“What is it about?” said Lark.

“You’ll know when we get there,” Farsight gave an apathetic reply.

After telling his disciples that he’d be right back after meeting His Majesty, Lark followed Farsight all the way to the largest tent at the center of the camp. The guards standing outside saluted upon seeing the royal court magician and Lark.

“His Majesty is waiting for you, please come inside,” said one of the guards.

Farsight swept away the tent’s flap and entered, along with Lark.

King Alvis, Lady Ropianna, Nickolai, General Carlos, and several high-ranking officers in the military were already inside. They stood around a round wooden table. At the center of the table was the phylactery. Even now, it was lightly glowing. A crystal-like substance was still enclosing it.

“It’s an honor to be in the presence of Your Majesty.” Lark bowed the moment he entered the tent.

“As I said before, there’s no need for formalities, especially when we’re not inside the throne room,” said King Alvis.

The king never looked as healthy as he was tonight. The numerous small black patches on his skin had vanished entirely. After the curse was severed, Lady Ropianna’s healing spells had worked wonders on the king. It looked as though the king had become younger by five years.

King Alvis directed his gaze at the direction of the tent’s entrance.

Outside, the ebullient voices and laughter of the soldiers resounded.

“It’ll be a shame if you aren’t able to enjoy the feast because of this old man here.” King Alvis smiled gently. “So I’ll make this quick. We plan on giving you an appropriate reward for this feat the moment we went back to the capital. Please use this time to think of what you want. As long as it is

within my abilities, and as long as it is something that will not harm the Kingdom, I promise to grant your desires.”

Lark already had several things in mind. If they included the Endless Forest, his territory in the east was probably even larger than the entire Kingdom itself. He had an incredibly vast territory—but he lacked people. He lacked manpower.

“I’m forever grateful. I’ll think about it carefully, Your Majesty.” Lark bowed his head.

“The kid keeps getting accomplishments one after another.” Nickolai smirked. “It’s not even a half a year since the war with the Empire had ended. It’s like he has the devil’s luck or something.”

King Alvis ignored Nickolai’s derisive statement. He laughed heartily. “Isn’t that right? With all these achievements… at this rate, you’ll end up becoming the heir to the throne a few years from now!”

Although the King was probably jesting, everyone in the room stared at His Majesty in shock. The words of a royal carried far greater weight than those of a normal individual’s.

Who would have known a year ago that Lark Marcus, the candidate said to have the least chance of winning the competition, would be praised personally by the king like this? Had the king said these words in the throne

room and the nobles heard of it, those hungry hyenas would have turncoat to Lark Marcus’ side and flocked to him like flies.

And as though that statement wasn’t enough, the king added, “You’ve been taking care of my daughter for quite some time too.” King Alvis smiled mischievously. “How about it? Why don’t you take her as your wife already?” The king laughed boisterously, not minding his status as a sovereign.

Lark thought they’d discussed this before already. It seemed that the king had no intention of giving up that easily.

“Taking care of His Majesty’s daughter?” said one of the military officers. “T-The Flower of the capital? Princess Esmeralda?”

The military officers started having weird ideas after hearing the words of His Majesty. Lark was worried that at this rate, a weird rumor was going to spread.

The king was clearly enjoying this. The old man’s broad grin never slid down his face.

Lady Ropianna smiled wryly. “Your Majesty.”

The king scratched his cheek. “Ah, that was fun.” He coughed and said to Lark, “Please forgive this old man. Let’s proceed to the topic, shall we?”

King Alvis straightened his garb and signaled Lark and Elias to come closer to the table. Everyone looked at the phylactery placed on top of it.

“Nickolai and Ropianna have finished analyzing this thing,” said King Alvis. “And according to them, the Pinnacle Grade Magic enclosing it is still active.” King Alvis looked at Lark expectantly.

“That’s correct, Your Majesty,” said Lark. “The phylactery and the Pinnacle Grade Magic contained inside were practically untouched.”

King Alvis stroked his ashen beard. “Even the phylactery, huh? Can you tell us the reason for this?”

Lark paused for a moment as he deliberated if what he was going to say was the proper response to this statement. After all, to humans who’d never met demons before their entire life, his next words wouldn’t make any sense.

“I believe that answer is quite simple, Your Majesty. The demon called Agares didn’t resist the spell and simply let his fragment disappear completely. The demon did not try to destroy the phylactery at all.”

“Ropianna said the same thing to us before you arrived,” said King Alvis. “Based on the demon’s words before he disappeared, it seemed that he’s quite fond of humans. But is it possible for a demon to be so… amicable with humans?”

In history books, demons had been depicted as the cruelest of monsters. Creatures who hated humans to their cores. Lark could understand the confused expressions of everyone gathered in this room.

“And Barkuvara…” said King Alvis. “Isn’t that the name of that Demon Lord?”

“I believe so. Not all demons are born with names. To demons, names are special. There should only be one demon with the name of Barkuvara,” said Lark. “It’s impossible to give the same name to a different demon, Your Majesty.”

The air inside the tent suddenly became heavier than before. They all heard what the demon said back then before it disappeared—that the Demon Lord Barkuvara was going to wake up soon. That everything was only a matter of time.

The name of that Demon Lord was frequently associated with myths and legends. And now, in the foreseeable future, it seemed that there was a chance they would meet that monster in flesh.

“As for Your Majesty’s question regarding the nature of demons,” said Lark. “Not all demons are evil. This, I truly believe. It’s not black and white. Even demons have their own nation, their own society, their own aspirations and convictions.”

“So, are you saying that Agares is part of demon faction who wish to coexist with humans?”

“I believe so, Your Majesty. That demon is definitely powerful enough to destroy the medium holding the Pinnacle Grade Spell, but it chose to let itself be suppressed instead.”

Lark pointed a finger at the phylactery on the table and it slowly floated toward him. The moment he grabbed hold of it, he willed the pinnacle magic inside to heed his command. The crystal-like substance enclosing the phylactery rapidly expanded. In just a second, it enclosed everyone gathered around the table.

“This is probably Agares’ way of telling us to make sure to keep this mithril jar intact. Right now, we have on our hands the same Pinnacle Grade Spell protecting the Dwarven Kingdom.”

The King’s eyes slowly widened. He realized the implications of Lark’s words. “D-Don’t tell me…” breathed the King. “You can control the diameter of the barrier at will?”

“As long as I’m holding the medium,” said Lark. “That’s correct.”

Nickolai shuddered for a moment. He said to the king, “Forgive me, Your Majesty. But I’ll need to test out something.”

A sword made of lightning suddenly appeared in Nickolai’s hand. His muscles bulged, he gnashed his teeth, and made an earth-shattering strike at the crystal-like dome enclosing everyone.

The sword of lightning struck the barrier but didn’t make any scratches or dent on it.

The sword of lightning dissipated.

Nickolai stared at the phylactery Lark was holding. “The strength of this barrier is real,” said Nickolai. “Kid, the dragon managed to enclose the entire Dwarven Kingdom with this spell. Perhaps, it’s possible to do the same?”

The military officers looked at Lark expectantly. If that was indeed possible, it would greatly reduce the number of casualties in the military. Monsters would no longer be a threat if a pinnacle grade barrier was protecting the entire Kingdom.

“It’s impossible to cover the entire Kingdom,” said Lark.

Those inside the tent were dejected upon hearing this.

“The medium maintaining the barrier of the Dwarven Kingdom is the dragon’s body itself, while we have this mithril jar holding our spell. It’ll be like comparing iron with rye bread. We can probably cover the entire capital with the spell, but anything beyond that, the phylactery will break.”

“I see,” said King Alvis. “But that’s still a lot better than nothing, isn’t

it?”

“I agree,” said General Carlos. “If a barrier as strong as this one is protecting the capital, we can allocate more soldiers to the frontiers. It’ll greatly alleviate the burden on the Kingdom.” The general rubbed his chin. He slowly added, “The dragon managed to put a restriction on its barrier spell—only dwarves are allowed entry into the Dwarven Kingdom. Could you do that too, Sir Lark?”

“It should be possible. A barrier which permits only the entry of humans,” said Lark. “Please just give me some time to alter some runes on the medium.”

General Carlos smiled. “Thank you. The knights who lost their lives just to obtain the flower must be smiling from the heavens right now. Their deaths weren’t in vain. We managed to sever His Majesty’s curse, and now, we’ve obtained the strongest barrier spell to protect the capital.”

Everyone in the room agreed to the general’s statement.

“But it’s still a shame, isn’t it,” said Lady Ropianna. “If only Wisgarus and Minerva didn’t try to obtain that so-called Sword of Morpheus. Maybe they wouldn’t have lost so many lives. Maybe the majority of the royal knights are now with us, enjoying the fruits of their success.”

“Ropianna!” snarled Nickolai. “Didn’t you say that we should keep that information a secret?”

Lady Ropianna titled her head. “He saved the life of the king. He’s no outsider. And Sir Lark doesn’t strike me as someone who wouldn’t be able to control his greed. Honestly speaking, I’m more worried about you, Nickolai.”

“What did you say?” Nickolai glared.

“Nickolai, you heard what the survivors of that expedition said, right? The monster guarding the treasure isn’t something mere humans could hope to match. You started gathering your disciples after hearing of the sword. Please don’t be foolish. We already lost two royal court magicians this year.”

While Lady Ropianna and Nickolai were bickering with each other, Lark interjected.

“W-What did you say?” said Lark. “Sword of Morpheus?”

For some reason, he was visibly shaken. As though he’d never expected to hear the name of that sword here, of all places.



End of Book 5

AFTERWORD AND WHERE TO FIND THE REST OF THE CHAPTERS




Hello~

Thank you for purchasing the fifth book of my novel. The next book/arc will be focusing on the Forbidden Region and the treasure stored in the labyrinth.

If you like my work, please take the time to leave a review on Amazon. Their algorithm requires a number of reviews before they start promoting my work. Your reviews really mean a lot to me and this novel.

You can find the drafts of the novel at my patreon page:

patreon.com/crazyblackchili

There are also exclusive character sheets and arts in there. Be sure to check it out!

A big big thank you to my Ultimate Patrons! Adams, Way, Josh, Elfie, David, Bigtree, and Brandon! Thank you very much for your support!


VOLUME 6: PROLOGUE

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 1

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 2

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 3

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 4

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 5

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 6

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 7

VOLUME 5: CHAPTER 8

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 9

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 10

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 11

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 12

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 13

VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 14
