Hans looked around nervously. One of the reasons he left Lion City was due to the frequent monster attacks. Although he was quick on his feet, he wasn’t confident of outrunning wolves in this forest.

“R-Right, let’s go back,” said Hans.

Their baskets almost full, Mores and Hans went back toward Blackstone Town. Upon reaching the forest edge, a figure suddenly fell from the sky and landed softly on the ground. Mores and Hans were startled and terrified at first; they were ready to leave their gathered herbs behind to run for their lives. But they soon realized that it was not a monster, but a human.
“W-Who are you?” said Mores.

The figure turned around and faced the two of them. “Ah, that’s right. I’m still wearing this mask, huh?”

It was a familiar voice.

The figure took off his mask and smiled. “Herbalist Mores, correct? It’s been a while.”

Mores eyes widened. He hadn’t expected to encounter this person here, of all places. “Young Lord? I thought you went to the capital with the princess?”

Hans grabbed the arm of the herbalist and whispered, “Young Lord? Don’t tell me, this is the ruler of this territory? The Lord of Blackstone Town?”

After seeing the series of developments made in the town, Hans had been curious about what the lord was like. He’d heard various rumors regarding the lord—from demon commander, womanizer, the illegitimate son of Duke Drakus, great tactician, to cold-blooded tyrant.

But after seeing him in person, Lark Marcus did not look like a demon incarnate nor did he look like a great tactician. He was surprisingly young. He looked quite handsome, Hans had to admit, and he had this inexplainable air of authority around him.

“Stop whispering in front of the Lord,” reprimanded Mores. “Show some manners.”
Hans immediately shut his mouth.

“The princess and my men haven’t returned to Blackstone Town yet?” said Lark.

“We’ve been gone from the town for almost an entire day, My Lord,” said Mores. “But I’m pretty sure that before we left, they hadn’t yet returned.”

“I see,” mumbled Lark. “I’ve arrived earlier than them because of Blackie, huh?”

“Blackie?”

“Ah.” Lark smiled. “It’s nothing. I was just talking to myself.”
Lark noticed the baskets on their backs. “You’re gathering herbs in this weather?”

Mores glanced at the basket filled with herbs on his back and nodded. “Yes. There’s this herb called frost moonlight lily which grows only during winter, you see.”

“The herb used to make painkillers and antidotes,” said Lark. “So it grows in this region? Interesting.”

Mores realized that the Lord had vast knowledge. Although most alchemists and herbalists knew that the herb could be used to make painkillers, not everyone knew that it could also be used to make antidotes. Even he, a herbalist, only found out about it a few years ago.

“Yes, Young Lord.” Mores pointed to a particular direction in the forest. “Continue walking straight from here for two to three hours and you’ll arrive at the place where the lilies grow.”

“I see.” Lark nodded. He fell silent for a moment, pulled something out of his bag, and said, “Mores, do you have experience growing roots?”

“Roots, My Lord?”

Lark handed Mores two small, black roots. “Ever heard of mandrakes?”

Mores’ hands, holding the roots, trembled upon hearing the words of the Young Lord. Mandrakes were mythical plants—monsters—capable of assuming the form of a human. Creatures heard of only in legends.
“Although they look like roots,” said Lark. “These two are mandrake seeds. Just feed them blood every now and then and they’ll eventually grow after several weeks.”

“B-Blood?” said Mores. “My blood?”

Seeing the color drain off the herbalist’s face, Lark patiently explained. “Even the blood of animals—say, chickens—should do. I’ll tell Oliver to provide you with animal blood every day. All you have to do is to feed them with blood and make sure they’re receiving enough sunlight. Sounds easy, right?”

“But Young Lord! I-If these are really mandrake seeds, aren’t they… too dangerous?” protested Mores. “I’ve heard they hate humans. Won’t they kill me once they grow?”
“Those rumors,” said Lark, “are pertaining to dryads. Mandrakes are mindless creatures. Although they are capable of magic, it’s limited to healing spells. There’s no harm to your life at all. If mandrakes were that dangerous, I wouldn’t have asked you to take care of them. I’m not that cruel.”

Mores sighed in relief. “I see.”

“Mandrakes are quite rare,” said Lark. “So I hope Herbalist Mores can grow them properly.”

Mores stared at the black roots in his hands. “I’ll do my best, Young Lord. Please leave it to me!”

After giving the seeds to the herbalist, Lark immediately made his way back to the mansion. Along the way, he passed by the newly built Town Hall. It was larger than the mansion itself and could easily accommodate five hundred people. Although its exterior looked ordinary due to prioritizing functionality, its towering height made it a landmark in Blackstone Town. Near the Town Hall was the newly built school.

“The waterway’s almost finished,” said Lark. “The Town Hall and the school are done. Impressive. As expected of Silverclaw.”

Lark was really glad that he had competent subordinates overseeing Blackstone Town during his absence. Just the presence of the head mason alone greatly alleviated Lark’s burden

Upon arriving at the mansion, Lark was immediately greeted by Gaston. Judging by the sweat on the old man’s forehead, he must have hurriedly come here after hearing of the Young Master’s arrival.

“Young Master!” said the butler. “Welcome back!”

Although the old butler tried his best to be stoic, he failed to conceal the excitement within his voice.

“I’m back,” said Lark. “How’s Blackstone Town been during my absence?”

The butler cleared his throat.

“The number of migrants had dwindled a bit upon the arrival of winter,” said Gaston. “We still do not have enough population to qualify as a city. The Town Hall and the school were finished a few weeks ago, just
before the arrival of winter. As for the temple, two priests of Nereus are currently staying here in the mansion.”

“Priest of Nereus?”

“Yes, Young Master,” said Gaston. “After you gave your approval to have a temple built in Blackstone Town, the Temple of the Water God immediately sent two of their priests. Until the temple is done, I’ve decided to let them stay here in the mansion.”

“I see,” said Lark. “Good work. You made the right decision. The Temple of the Seven Gods holds a lot of power in this kingdom. The Temples of the Water God and the Sun God are probably the most powerful among them. It would be foolish to antagonize them.”

“I agree, Young Master. The temple is a fearsome enemy and a reliable ally. And based on what I’ve heard from the priests, it seems that the high-ranking officials of the Temple of the Water God see the Young Master in a favorable light.”

Lark remembered the elderly female royal court magician he’d met in the capital. Lark was sure that she was among those who were pulling the strings. It seemed fortunate that he’d gained a reliable ally.

“I’ll greet them personally tomorrow morning,” said Lark.

“As you wish.”

“The princess and my men aren’t back yet?”

The butler looked at Lark quizzically. “No. Did you come back here on your own, Young Master?”

Lark fell silent. Although he knew that the Scylla’s speed was incomparable to a carriage’s, for some strange reason, he was bothered that the princess and his disciples hadn’t arrived in Blackstone Town yet.

Well, Anandra and Chryselle were with them, so nothing too dangerous should happen.
VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 13

The next morning, as promised, Lark greeted the priests staying at the mansion. The first priest was a tall, elderly man with balding hair. He was reading a book about the scriptures when Lark knocked on the door and entered the room. Next to him was a young, stubby male priest with numerous freckles on his cheeks.

“Please pardon me for not visiting you the moment I arrived, honorable priests of the Water God.” Lark placed a hand on his chest and bowed his head. “Lark Marcus, Lord of Blackstone Town.”

As lord of the territory, there was no real need for Lark to bow his head before mere priests. But Lark had heard that they’d been waiting for an audience for quite some time now, ever since he’d given the approval to have a temple built in the town. Showing this much respect was the least he could do for these men.

The elderly priest snapped the book closed and stood up. He looked at the stubby priest and wordlessly told him to return Lark’s gesture. Together, the two priests returned Lark’s greeting politely.

“Thank you for taking the time to meet us, Lord Lark,” said the elderly priest. “I am Wallace Ramford, a priest of God Nereus. And this young man next to me is Dean Arte, a newly appointed priest of the temple.”

Although the words and gestures of the elderly priest were polite, he looked at Lark with a hint of disgust. The stubby priest, on the other hand, was clearly terrified of Lark. He could hardly look the Lord of Blackstone Town in the eye.

“We’re glad to finally meet the esteemed ruler of Blackstone Town,” said Wallace. “We’ve been hearing a lot of… rumors regarding the lord lately.”

“Rumors? I hope they’re at least pleasant ones,” Lark joshed. He chuckled. “I’ve prepared a small feast below. Let us discuss matters concerning the temple in the grand hall.”

The two priests obliged Lark’s request and followed him to the grand hall of the mansion. The elderly priest frowned upon seeing the various dishes prepared on the table.
“A lavish lifestyle,” mumbled the elderly priest. “As I thought. He never changed, huh?”

Although Wallace said it in a low voice, Lark heard everything clearly.

He studied the elderly priest discreetly as he led them to their seats.

“Is the food not to Priest Wallace’s liking?” said Lark the moment they sat down.

Priest Wallace furrowed his brow and shook his head. “No. That’s not it. The prepared feast is satisfactory. How should I say this…” There were several seconds of pause. “It’s too excessive. We could probably feed two or three families with this, don’t you think?”

Lark replied carefully, “I agree, Priest Wallace, that there is enough food here to feed several families for the day, but I can assure you that none of it will go to waste. The servants are permitted to eat the leftovers.”

Priest Wallace sighed and nodded lightly. “Is that so?” Although he wasn’t entirely convinced, he finally started eating the food served on his plate.

While eating, Lark and Wallace started discussing the establishment of a temple in Blackstone Town. To Lark’s surprise, it seemed that the Temple of the Water God planned on shouldering all expenses for the project. The only things they asked of the Lord of Blackstone Town were manpower and a piece of land in the center of the town—sold at the cheapest price possible.

Lark happily agreed to their demands and even offered to give away the land for free. Lark believed it was a small price to pay if he could gain the favor of the temple.

“You’re giving it to the temple for free?” Wallace stared at Lark in bewilderment.
One needed a large amount of money to buy even a small piece of land in the center of a territory. Moreover, judging by the number of developments the priests had encountered during their stay here, it was apparent that this town would one day become a city—it was only a question of when.

Although there had been similar instances before, wherein nobles gave away their land to the temple for free, such cases were extremely rare.
Wallace hadn’t expected someone with a notorious reputation to make such offer.

“The temple is vital for the growth of Blackstone Town,” Lark said after sipping his wine. “As lord of this territory, I believe it necessary to support the temple in any way possible.”

Normally, such words would have been nothing but empty talk. But the fact that this young man before him was giving away the land for free made Wallace reconsider his true intentions.

“I didn’t know you’re a devout believer of the Water God,” said Wallace.

“I am not.”

Priest Wallace raised his brows in surprise. “You’re not? Then why—”

“Like I said before, the temple is vital for the growth of Blackstone Town.” Lark smiled. “Priest Wallace, do I need any more reason than that?”

Priest Wallace fell silent. The Lord of Blackstone Town was right.

“I see. But Lord Lark, I was wondering… Why are you giving us the land next to the border of the Eastern District? I believe it would be better for the temple to be built at the heart of this territory.”

“It’s simple. The Eastern District will someday become the heart of Blackstone Town. It’s inevitable since I plan on expanding the town further after clearing trees in the Endless Forest.”

Priest Wallace nodded in understanding. “I see.” He looked at Priest Dean, who’d been silent until now, then at Lark.

Priest Wallace wiped his lips with a napkin. “We hope that we can start building the temple once spring arrives. Until then, we’ll be staying here in the mansion under your care.”

“Please stay as long as you like,” said Lark. “I’ve already told the servants to attend to your needs. Please make yourselves comfortable during your stay here.”

Priest Wallace stared at Lark for a moment, as though observing him.

After everyone was done eating, the priests stood up and bade farewell to Lark. Priest Wallace still held the same gaze as when they first met, while Priest Dean still did his best to avoid Lark’s eyes.
Lark did not understand why the stubby priest seemed so afraid of him.

He hadn’t spoken even once during their discussions.

“Excuse me,” said Lark the moment the priests were on their way out. “Priest Dean. Is something the matter?”

Priest Dean finally looked at Lark in the eye, but immediately averted his gaze afterward. Seeing this, Priest Wallace clicked his tongue and sighed.

“I thought you wished to settle the discussions regarding the temple in a peaceful manner,” said Priest Wallace. “That’s why you were pretending not to know each other. And now you had to ask something so… distasteful.”

The last few words were said hesitantly.

Lark shot him a quizzical gaze. He did not know what the priest was talking about.

Seeing the expression of Lark, Priest Wallace raised his voice in anger. He snapped. “Stop pretending not to know, Lord Lark! This kid—this priest here! Are you going to continue to pretend that you do not know him?”

Priest Wallace’s outburst was uncharacteristic of a priest. Furthermore, he no longer tried to hide the disgust in his eyes.

“I do not understand—” said Lark.

“You! How shameless!” Priest Wallace’s eyes widened in rage. “Do you know how much suffering Priest Dean underwent because of you? You broke his limbs, crushed all of his fingers, and battered his face! If you truly did forget, then you’re nothing but a demon incarnate! How can a person do all those things and forget all about it! Disgusting scum!”

Cruel words were thrown at him one after another, but Lark simply stood there in silence. He finally understood everything. Why Priest Wallace’s gaze held a hint of disgust. Why Priest Dean did his best to avoid him.

Lark remembered the rumors about the previous owner of his body. He was certain that there was an incident where he almost killed a priest over some squabble. It was also the incident that finally made his father give up on him.
He’d never expected to meet that priest here, of all places. Moreover, he was the priest assigned to oversee the temple in his domain.

Although Priest Dean had fully recovered his health, the trauma of being beaten to near-death was definitely still there. The way Priest Dean’s body trembled whenever Lark looked at him was a dead giveaway.

Lark realized that he was actually fortunate that Priest Wallace had been reasonable enough to converse with him despite everything that happened.

Although it was the previous owner of his body who did all those things, Lark had no intention of shirking responsibility. The sins of the previous owner were his sins now. He had no intention of running away from this reality.

Lark bowed his head low. “I apologize for not realizing Priest Dean’s identity until now. I know that this might sound like empty words, but I am really sorry for what happened. If there’s anything I can do to atone for my sins… anything.”

Priest Wallace’s face contorted for a moment. He looked conflicted. Priest Dean, on the other hand, was staring at Lark with wide eyes, as though he’d never expected in his wildest dreams that the arrogant noble would lower his head and apologize.

“Words are cheap.” Priest Wallace snorted. “If you are truly sincere, show us through your actions.”

“Of course,” said Lark, his head still bowed low.

“It seems that the Seer has taken a liking to you, Lord Lark,” said Priest Wallace in disgust. “She even went as far as purposely sending Dean here. I don’t know what’s going through that mind of hers. That crafty woman. Sometimes I wonder why God Nereus favors her so much.”

***

After the priests left, Lark immediately summoned the head mason and ordered him to help with the construction of the temple to the best of his abilities. Lark even went as far as allocating a hefty sum for the project, even though the temple had declared that they would shoulder all of the costs for the construction of the temple.
Lark believed that the previous owner of his body deserved all the curses thrown at him by the priest. He smiled wryly as he realized that the original Lark was a far bigger bastard than he’d originally thought. No wonder the duke threw him to this faraway town, in the opposite direction of the Marcus Duchy.

After meeting with the head mason, Lark went to the underground chamber of the mansion.

He opened the large bag sitting in the corner of the room and took out the gold coins. The figure of the first Emperor of the Magic Empire was engraved on one side of the coin, and the image of a serpent eating its own tail—the ouroboros—was engraved on the other.

The ouroboros represented the dragon vein below, the origin of all mana in this world. Coupled with the image of the first Emperor, these gold coins basically represented the unending glory of the Magic Empire. A nation that would never crumble, even with the passage of time.

Lark found it ironic that the gold coins had been true to their meaning.

With the dragon vein gone, the Magic Empire collapsed.

The value of these gold coins was probably immeasurable in today’s time. Collectors would go crazy if these gold coins were auctioned in the capital. After all, anything related to the Magic Empire should have been lost a thousand years ago.

Although Lark would have loved to auction these coins for a higher price, doing so would immediately give him away as the person responsible for the disappearance of the treasure in the Forbidden Region. The last thing he wanted was for Nickolai and his men to come and wreak havoc in his territory.

Although he was far stronger now, Lark wanted to prevent unnecessary disputes as much as possible.

He deemed that the best course of action right now was to melt these gold coins into a more ‘inconspicuous’ appearance. Melting a few hundred of these coins shouldn’t pose a problem. There was literally a mountain of gold coins left inside the statue, after all.

After ordering the servants to get several crucibles from the masons, Lark immediately proceeded with the melting process. It was fairly easy,
since all gold coins used in the Magic Empire were made of pure gold.

Nothing would be lost during the melting process when using such coins.

Lark used a gravity spell to lift the coins and used fire magic to heat them until melting point. The melted gold was then poured into molds.

Lark patiently repeated this process and eventually, he managed to create fifteen gold ingots. With them, it should be possible to finance more projects in Blackstone Town.

After molding and cooling the gold ingots, Lark went back to his office and summoned the butler.

“You called for me, Young Master?”

“Gaston, when is the next batch of merchants coming to Blackstone Town?”

“They should arrive tomorrow morning, Young Master. I heard that Mavas City had a food shortage recently. It seems that Big Mona decided to use that chance to trade commodities there.”

“Tomorrow, huh? Perfect,” said Lark. “Listen, I want you to send a message to Big Mona for me.”

Lark handed Gaston a sealed envelope along with two gold ingots. The old butler stared at the bullions for a moment.
“This much money…”

“Big Mona should know what to do with them after reading the letter. Please make sure it reaches him.”

“As you wish.”

The content of the letter was simple. It was a recruitment notice for teachers and instructors in Lion and Mavas City. Since he had an astronomical amount of money stored away in the Endless Forest, Lark decided to use it to entice these people to work for Blackstone Town instead.

Although Melody was doing a great job managing the school, there was a limit on what she could manage alone.

The monthly salaries he offered in the letter were at least six times the normal rate. If he could accelerate the growth of Blackstone Town, and if he
could drastically improve his subjects’ level of education, then the money spent would be definitely worth it.

Two loud knocks were heard on the door and a servant whispered something to Gaston.

Gaston nodded, dismissed the servant, and said to Lark, “Young Master, it seems that the princess and your disciples have finally returned to Blackstone Town.”

Hearing this, Lark smiled. The kids were finally back. It had been a while since he’d heard the brothers’ boisterous laughter and the princess’ occasional banter.

“They sure took their time.” Lark grinned.

Lark stood up, donned his coat, and made his way toward the grand

hall.

As he approached the princess and his disciples, he noticed the gloomy air surrounding them.

George was the first person to speak among them. “M-Master.”

Lark realized that something was wrong. Even Anandra—who normally didn’t show any emotion—was furrowing his brow. A hint of anger was visible in his eyes.

“What happened?” said Lark.

“C-Chryselle,” said George. “She’s no longer coming back to us.”
VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 14

“What do you mean she’s not coming back?” said Lark.

“It happened after we entered Lion City.” Anandra handed Lark a sealed letter. “She asked me to give this to you, My Lord.”

After Lark received the letter, Anandra added, “Lady Chryselle spoke to me before she left.”

“What did she say?”

“It was… strange. She told me that our lives would be in danger if she stayed with us any longer,” Anandra said unhappily. “She said that an organization called the Grand Order is currently looking for her.”

It was the first time Lark had heard of this organization.

“Grand Order,” repeated Lark.

“It’s a group of magicians under the direct command of the Magic Academy,” said Tomas, the most proficient in magic among the knights. “Basically, they’re the magicians tasked to protect the academy. Although they also reside in Wizzert, they’re an entirely different organization from the tower. But I wonder… Why they’re looking for Lady Chryselle?”

Tomas mumbled the last part of his statement. The princess and her knights weren’t aware of Chryselle’s true identity even now.

“Then the Headmaster of the Magic Academy is probably involved in this incident,” said Lark.

“I think so too, Lord Lark.” Tomas nodded. “He would be the only one with enough power to mobilize that elite group of magicians.”

Several questions started popping up one after another. Lark remembered that Chryselle had mentioned that her great-great-grandfather was the founder of the Academy. Lark surmised that it must have something to do with that.

Lark opened the letter left by Chryselle and read it.

The handwriting was beautiful, and the way it was written made it apparent that she had already thought of everything she would say before writing this letter.

I’m sorry for leaving without telling you first, Master. A messenger from my grandfather spoke to me in the capital after you left. It seems that
my brother finally found out the real identity of the person who attacked the tower that night. He has been pressuring the Grand Order to mobilize their magicians. I’ll talk to my grandfather, the current Headmaster, personally regarding this. Please don’t look for me. I’ll take care of things on this side and make sure this doesn’t inconvenience you in the slightest. There’s no need to involve Blackstone Town in this mess. Please trust me. I’ll be sure to return soon, Lord Evander.

Lark stared at the last part of the letter for a long time.

How did she know his real identity? Although he’d performed magic far beyond the capabilities of the original owner of his body, it shouldn’t be enough for her to suspect him as the late Evander Alaester.

Various thoughts ran through Lark’s mind.

His blatant interest in the history of the Magic Empire. His deep understanding of magic. The way he rejected the teaching of the Grand Magician—Algrove Aria. His knowledge of magic towers, demons, and curses. Knowledge that should have been lost along with the fall of the Magic Empire.

Although all of this pointed to the fact that he was a far greater magician than what he made himself out to be, it shouldn’t have been enough for her to arrive at the absurd conclusion that he was Evander Alaester. There was no definitive evidence for her to single out a magician who died over a millennium ago.

Then realization struck him.

The book he’d written back then. Principles of a Just Sovereign .

Chryselle was incredibly smart for her age. No wonder she was the youngest Elder of the Tower. She must have connected the pieces of the puzzle after reading it.

“The pen name,” Lark clicked his tongue and said in a low voice, “I shouldn’t have used it after all.”

Lark had found it amusing to use his previous name as the pen name for the books he’d written and distributed in Blackstone Town. But he realized that he had been too naïve. He should have accounted for situations like these.

Lark sighed, folded the letter, and tucked it in his pocket.
“What did she say, Master?” said George.

“She’s coming back, don’t worry.” Lark patted the kid’s head. “She has something to take care of at home. That’s all.”

“Really?” said George.

“Of course.” Lark smiled.

George nodded in satisfaction after hearing this reply.

***

Time passed by quickly.

Winter had ended and spring had finally arrived, but Chryselle still hadn’t returned to Blackstone Town.

A small feast, sponsored by the lord, was held in Blackstone Town. This was to celebrate the opening of the Town Hall—a massive building that towered over all other structures. At the same time, the school was also opened. And as though the Gods were smiling upon Lark, the teachers Big Mona recruited in Lion City and Mavas City finally arrived in Blackstone Town.

Lark expected two or three of them to answer the recruitment, but surprisingly, there were a large number of them. Five men and two women.

“Ah, welcome,” said Lark. “Pardon me for asking the servants to lead you here and not the mansion. It’s the opening ceremony for the Town Hall, you see.”

The teachers looked at the flowers currently adorning the entrance to the massive structure in front of them. Next to the entrance was a four-meter long bronze placard. The words ‘Town Hall’ were carved on it.

Not far from them, several servants were handing out free food sponsored by the lord. People were chatting excitedly with each other as they ate, casting admiring glances at the Town Hall every now and then.

Although it looked plain at first glance, it was the largest building in Blackstone Town. Moreover, rumors that this building would one day become the core of this territory had already spread far and wide. Several people had been showing interest in working together with the ministers Lark had appointed.
“You must be tired from your journey,” Lark said to the teachers. “We’ve prepared a small feast for the ceremony. Please eat to your heart’s content.”

Some of the teachers looked at each other. More than half of them came here out of curiosity and not because they had been swayed by money. After hearing that they were going to be teaching commoners instead of nobles, most of the teachers decided to see the Lord of Blackstone Town himself. They wanted to know what he was like, and what his aim was for offering an exorbitant amount just to let his commoner subjects obtain an education in Blackstone Town.

He’s a lot more… polite and refined than the rumors suggest , the teachers thought.

The teachers accepted Lark’s offer and partook in the feast. Meanwhile, Lark started introducing the officers in charge of the ministries. Oliver, Pico, Silverclaw, Clarkson, Melody, and the rest of the officers delivered a short speech one after another.

Since most of the officers here were original residents of Blackstone Town, most of them were familiar faces. The residents cheered when the men came to the rostrum and delivered their stutter-filled speeches. Only Silverclaw remained unperturbed when speaking in front of so many people.

After the introductions were finished, one of the teachers said to Lark, “These officers of yours. It seems to me that they are quite… loved by your people.”

Lark smiled. “Of course. They’ve been working so hard to improve this town, after all. Without them, it would have been impossible for me to make all of these developments happen. They’re the treasures of Blackstone Town.”

The teachers were surprised that such humble words came from Lark’s mouth. He had a terrible reputation, after all. Although nowadays, after the war with the Empire, some people had started praising him as a hero.
“Lord, please forgive my impertinence, but I believe that all of us have been meaning to ask you this question,” said one of the teachers. “I heard that the reason you are recruiting this many teachers is for the sake of the commoners.”
The other teachers listened attentively to the conversation. They were also eager to find out the answer to the upcoming question.

“I wonder,” said the teacher, “what is the reason behind this, Lord Lark? I would have understood if it was for the sake of the nobles. But commoners… They have no way of paying you back. For them, the cost of education is simply astronomical.”

In the entire kingdom, only nobles were capable of availing the service of educators like them. Only nobles and the children of wealthy merchants had enough money to enter academies. This was why a common soldier did not even know how to read or write. The only exceptions were those who served the royal family, since those soldiers came from exceptional backgrounds before enlisting as guards and knights.

Even Melody, the so-called scholar, was simply lucky to have learned her knowledge from the noble she served back when she was living in Lion City. Lark had taught her the rest.

“There are no expectations. They don’t have to pay me back,” said Lark, as though it was the most obvious thing in the world. “Education is free in Blackstone Town.”

The eyes of the teachers widened. Free education for commoners? How absurd. It must have cost the lord a fortune to hire all of these teachers, but he was going to let his subjects study for free? It was akin to throwing money on the streets.

“As much as I like King Alvis, I believe that he’s at fault for our kingdom’s current predicament,” said Lark. “He focuses too much on diplomatic relationships and the nobles. He has forgotten to focus on fundamental things. He should have abolished slavery long ago and given the commoners free education. Even a simple merit system for non-noble students should be enough if the problem lies in the lack of funds.”

The teachers looked around, worried that someone had heard Lark badmouthing His Majesty. Had the royal guards heard this, Lark would have been forcefully dragged into the dungeons for slandering the royal family. Thankfully, everyone around them was enjoying the festivities and it seemed that none, aside from the teachers, heard it.

“Well, he loves his subjects, I’m sure.” Lark shrugged. “And I’ve heard that he’s a lot better than our previous ruler. That tyrant king who even
waged war with the Great Empire and the United Grakas Alliance.”

“L-Lord, please stop. You could get dragged to the chopping block if someone hears these things and reports it,” said one of the teachers.

Lark grinned. He playfully said, “Not if every one of you remains silent about it.”

Lark looked at the teachers gathered around him. His voice turned serious as he said to them, “The farmers, the soldiers, even the paupers living in this town. I consider all of them as my children. The children of Blackstone Town.”

It felt incongruous hearing these words from a young man like Lark, someone young enough to be their son. But for some strange reason, the teachers felt that he was telling the truth.

“Blackstone Town will always treat its children equally. No matter their race, gender, status, no matter their age. I see no reason why the commoners shouldn’t be given an opportunity to obtain even the most basic education.

“Money will never be an issue. You will be given the promised salary each month. You have my word for it. My only wish is that you treat each of my subjects equally. Please teach them well so that they may someday become the pillars of Blackstone Town.”
VOLUME6: CHAPTER 15

For several days, the raw materials Lark ordered from the merchants guild arrived at Blackstone Town one after another. At the same time, the number of people migrating to the territory started increasing again as soon as winter ended.

Just today, they had gained almost a hundred people. It seemed that King Alvis was upholding his promise and was posting recruitment notices for Blackstone Town in various territories.

Since it had been a while, Lark decided to meet today’s new migrants.

“Young Master,” said Silverclaw. “Are we really going to accept all of these men?”

In front of them were the migrants who had arrived today. This was the largest group so far. According to one of them, more than half of them were from a village north of Mavas City. After several people in their village had died from the cold and hunger during the winter, they had decided to move to this territory.

“Of course,” said Lark. He looked at the group of migrants. Although most of them were skin and bone, the majority were young men and women. They would definitely become a boost to their workforce. “What we need the most right now is manpower. We should be grateful that the recruitment notices issued by the royal family are enough for people to start flocking to this town.”

“Ah, L-Lord.”

An elderly man, who seemed to be the leader of this group of migrants, stepped forward. Although he was clearly afraid of Lark, he still did his best to look the lord in the eye.

“I-Is it true that we’ll be provided homes and food if we move to this town?” said the old man.

The other migrants waited anxiously for the lord’s reply. They must have felt that the recruitment notice was too good to be true. After all, a lot of territories were devastated by the black famine last year, despite the fact that they had finally found a way to kill the swarm.

“Nothing is free,” said Lark. “What we will be offering are job opportunities. Your survival, the food for your children, everything will still
depend on how hard you are willing to work. You must have heard by now. The starting salary is six silvers for most of the jobs offered in this town.”

The migrants looked at each other in glee. The salary being offered by the lord for even the most mundane jobs was on par or a bit higher than those in major cities. Although they’d heard of the details from the messenger sent by the royal family, hearing it directly from the lord’s mouth was an entirely different matter.

“L-Lord, is it possible for us to apply to the military?” said one of the men. “We heard that it’s possible to receive twice the pay if we become soldiers.”

“As long as you pass the test, yes.”

“T-Test?”

“Clarkson, the leader of the police, will give you the details later,” said Lark. Clarkson, who’d been standing quietly next to Lark the entire time, nodded his head.

Seeing everyone’s anxious faces, Lark added, “It’s not a test of intelligence, or anything of the sort, if that’s what is worrying you.”

The man sighed in relief. “T-Thank you, My Lord!”

After handing the migrants over to Clarkson, Lark said to Silverclaw, “How many available houses do we have left in the Eastern District?”

“Only a few dozen are left,” said the head mason. “I’m afraid it’ll be impossible to provide homes for all of these people.”

Although the speed of building houses had increased a lot, it still wasn’t enough to accommodate everyone due to the large number of migrants coming to Blackstone Town.

“For now, even a simple shack should do. Just make sure they have a roof over their heads within the next few days. We’ll speed up the construction projects once we’ve secured men for the job.”

“Understood.”

Lark handed Silverclaw several parchments. The head mason looked at their contents and slightly creased his brow. It was a blueprint for a magic tower.
“You understand, right?” said Lark. “I’ve already gathered the necessary materials to build that thing. I’ve also briefed Gaston beforehand regarding this. For the materials, please coordinate with him.”

“Magic towers,” said Silverclaw. “I heard that the Young Master is the one who built the towers in Lion City, but seeing this blueprint… still amazes me.”

The head mason noticed something peculiar in the blueprint. He stared at it for a moment, making sure that what he was seeing was right. “The tip of the magic tower will be made out of adamantite? And the magic formation at the base—”

“Will be made using a mixture of high-grade mana stones and powdered Tears of Ubroxia,” said Lark.

The head mason looked at Lark in bewilderment. What the Young Master was suggesting was preposterous. Even Silverclaw knew that the price of a high-grade mana stone was exorbitant. Moreover, it was impossible to acquire adamantite.

As though Lark could read the head mason’s mind, he took out a small cube the size of a fist from his bag. He tossed it to Silverclaw and the head mason caught it nimbly with one hand.

“There’s more where that came from,” said Lark. “Our goal is five towers this year. We won’t be making cheap imitations like the ones seen in Wizzert and Lion City. We’ll be making the real deal. Towers capable of taking down demons and dragons.”

Silverclaw shivered. For some reason, it sounded as though the Young Master was anticipating monsters attacking the kingdom in the near future.
Silverclaw stared at the fist-sized cube he held in his hand. It was surprisingly light, and its black luster occasionally glowed in golden light. The textbook definition of adamantite.

The hand holding the cube trembled. He could probably live comfortably for the rest of his life if he sold this item in the capital. As far as he knew, it was extremely rare, even in the Dwarven Kingdom.

“Adamantite?” breathed the head mason. “Is this really adamantite? W-Where did you get this from, Young Master?”
It had been a long time since Lark had seen the head mason become this flustered. The last time he was this agitated was when his daughter was on her deathbed.

“The source doesn’t matter,” said Lark. “Start building the first tower in the Eastern District, near the Town Hall. Understood?”

“Y-Yes!”

After meeting with the head mason, Lark met with the merchants from Lion City. These merchants were crucial for the growth of the territory. Lark made sure to give them preferential treatment—they were given free lodgings in the best inn in the town and were charged with minimal tariffs. Sometimes, he would even go out of his way to meet them personally, just like today.

“Ah, Lord Lark!” one of the merchants greeted him merrily. Although it was still early morning, the three merchants were already drinking ale in the tavern. “Over here! Please join us!”

Lark smiled and joined their table. He called the waitress and ordered a tankard of mead.

“We’ve heard that you plan on establishing a merchants guild in Blackstone Town?” said one of the merchants. “The boss told us to assist you in every way possible.”

“Yes. Thank you. I’ve promised to compensate Big Mona for this favor.”

The merchants chuckled. “The boss will piss himself in excitement if he hears that. He’s been very busy trying to breach the market of the capital lately. He has some grudge with the merchants of the capital, you see.”
This was new information. No wonder the fat merchant was so ecstatic after acquiring the recipe for the low-grade potion.

The waitress placed the tankard in front of Lark, bowed her head politely, and left.

As Lark started drinking his mead, the merchant added, “Big Mona’s in a festive mood these days. The news that the middle-grade potion he’s been selling greatly contributed to the king’s recovery is the talk of the capital recently.”
“If this trend continues, won’t our guild become large enough to compete with the one in the capital?”

“The guild owned by the Vont Family, eh? Although the boss is raking in gold recently, it must be chump change compared to the wealth of the Vont Family. I can’t see our guild overtaking them in the next few years.”

Lark remembered that Chryselle belonged to this powerful family. For a moment, he remembered the letter she wrote to him.

“Those weasels.” The merchant shook his head and slammed his tankard on the table. Judging by his red cheeks, he was already drunk. “If I owned a port city and held power over the mercenaries, I’d be filthy rich too!”

The merchant next to him snorted. “Keep dreaming. As if it’s that easy.” He looked at Lark and said, “Anyway, we’re here to discuss the establishment of a merchants guild in Blackstone Town.”

Lark nodded. He took a small map from his pocket and spread it on the table. He pointed at a particular spot on the map. “I plan on building it here, next to the Central Market. What do you think?”

“It’s a nice location. Accessible to the main road. There should be no problem building it there.”

“But, Lord Lark, you will need at least four affiliated merchants to establish a merchants guild in your territory. Anyone come to mind?”

“About that,” said Lark, “Big Mona has already spoken with his associates in the other cities. It seems that two people have already agreed to found a guild in Blackstone Town.”

“Then we’re left with just one more person.” The merchant rubbed his chin. “If by some chance you’re unable to find another one, I could introduce you to a friend of mine.”

“I’d be grateful if you could do that,” said Lark.

“But the problem is…” The merchant spoke slowly, as though he was conflicted. “That friend of mine wouldn’t move unless there’s profit to be had. Say, how about this? I heard that umami salts are getting quite popular in the capital these days.”

“Of course, I’ll make sure that you and your friend will be given the largest bulk of its trade,” said Lark. He understood that these men only
moved for profit.

The merchant grinned. “I’ll take your word for it.” He raised his tankard and clinked it with Lark’s.

***

After meeting with the merchants, Lark decided to visit the golden statue in the Endless Forest. He needed more funds for the various projects in the town. He’d used up almost all of the gold he’d brought back.

Using flight magic, he flew over the sea of trees at a tremendous speed.

Unlike before, mana was no longer an issue.

After flying for almost an hour, he finally saw slight undulations of mana in the air—signifying that he was near the radius of the illusion spell the Scylla had cast.

Had Lark not known beforehand that an illusion spell had been cast on this part of the forest, even he would have had a hard time locating the statue. The Earth Scylla was really proficient in magic.

When Lark was only a few hundred meters away, a path in the illusion opened, and a familiar creature appeared in front of Lark.

“God Evander!” the Scylla shrieked in excitement. “You’ve finally visited us!” The Scylla’s loud voice reverberated through the forest. To those who did not know draconian language, it must have sounded like a roar from a ferocious monster. “Please come inside!”

Under the excited gaze of the Scylla, Lark flew inside the illusion and finally arrived where the statue was located. He hovered down slowly and landed on the ground.

The Scylla immediately bowed all of its seven heads and said in unison, “Welcome back, God Evander.”

Lark looked at the structure in front of him and frowned. The shrine had become a large stone castle. It was probably even larger than the king’s castle in the capital. Lark was not sure.

“It’s become… quite big,” mumbled Lark.

“It’s our masterpiece,” the first head said with pride.

“We’ve worked on it day and night since you left for Blackstone Town!” said the sixth head.
Lark smiled wryly. He wanted to tell the Scylla that there was no real need to make a castle this big, but after seeing those overly eager eyes, he decided against it.

“It looks great.” Lark decided to give it praise.

Although the Scylla’s physique vastly differed from humans, Lark was sure that all seven heads were smiling proudly right now. Its tail was wagging, sending small clouds of dust after striking the ground.

“What brings you here today, God Evander?” said the third head.

“I need more gold and adamantite,” said Lark. He started walking toward the intricately made entrance. “I’ll be entering the treasure room for a while.”

“I see,” the third head slowly nodded. “So it isn’t about those spirits, huh? Please take your time inside the treasure room, My God.”

Lark halted in his tracks. “Spirits?”

The third head replied, “Yes.”

“Several spirits have been trying to break through our illusion spell these past several days,” said the first head. “Normally, we would have immediately annihilated those fools, but since they weren’t capable of breaking through the illusion spell, we decided to leave them be for now.”

Lark was glad that the Scylla had heeded his words and didn’t resort to drastic measures. “What kind of spirits are they? And why are they trying to break through the illusion spell?”

“Wind spirits, God Evander,” said the third head. “And high-ranking ones at that. As for the reason… I apologize, but we still do not know why.”

“There were three sylphids among them,” said the seventh head.

“Three sylphids?” said Lark. “And they still couldn’t break through a mere illusion spell?”

He felt that something was wrong. Three sylphids should be more than enough to destroy the illusion spell protecting this part of the forest.

“They’re sylphids but they’re much weaker than the ones living in Marut,” said the third head. “I could probably kill them all on my own, even if there are five of them.”

The other heads nodded at the third head’s statement.
“If they’re as weak as you say, then they’re probably contracted spirits,” said Lark.

“We believe so, God Evander,” said the third head.

Unlike free spirits, those who formed a contract with a mortal were incapable of unleashing their true potential. If they used more power than what was allowed, their contractors could die.

This probably explained why they couldn’t break through the illusion barrier of the Earth Scylla.

Who sent those spirits?

And how did they know that an illusion barrier had been cast on this part of the forest?

Several questions started popping up one after another.

“God Evander,” said the first head. “This forest isn’t as peaceful as it appears to be.”

“If you will just give us the order,” said the fourth head, “we’ll do our best to investigate what is happening in the Endless Forest.”
VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 16

Lark started considering the Scylla’s offer of investigating the Endless Forest. After pondering over it, he said, “Alright. But don’t overdo it. Blackie, I’ll leave the investigation of the Endless Forest in your hands.”

The Scylla shuddered.

“T-To call us by name!”

“Yes! We’ll do our best! We won’t disappoint you, God Evander!”

“We’ll make sure those spirits won’t be able to snoop in this sacred place any longer!”

Lark found the Scylla’s overeager response amusing, but for some reason, he had a bad feeling about this.

The Scylla was among the most intelligent monsters in this land. Surely, it wouldn’t do anything detrimental to its master, right? Lark shook off his uneasiness. After asking the Scylla where the statue was located, he entered the uselessly large castle.

Entering the castle, he was immediately greeted by an intricate stone statue of a young man. It was pointing a familiar sword up to the sky.

A glorified statue of Lark.

Upon seeing this, he smiled wryly. Although his current body was quite decent in appearance, Lark was sure that he wasn’t as handsome as the statue before his eyes. The way the statue’s face was grinning reminded Lark of the narcissistic nobles in the Magic Empire.

Although Lark didn’t like how the Scylla had portrayed him in this statue, he had to admit that the seven-headed creature was really dexterous in controlling magic. Everything, from the strands of his hair down to the lace of his boots were detailed.

For a moment, he wondered if he should let the Scylla build stone houses in Blackstone Town but immediately decided against it. It would render the workers useless. Such jobs were fundamental in propelling his territory forward. Lark deemed that it would be damaging to his territory in the long run if he took care of everything using magic.

As Lark continued walking through the castle, he noticed that it even had several rooms inside, their doors made of wood. Lark opened one of the rooms out of curiosity. It was empty.
“This place is surprisingly habitable,” he mumbled.

After adding some fixtures and a little bit of cleaning, people could actually live in this castle. Lark continued walking through the castle, admiring the structures made by the Scylla every now and then. Eventually, he arrived at the large stone door the Scylla had mentioned. Lark amplified his strength using magic and pushed the stone door open, revealing the foot of the golden statue.

Lark climbed the winding flight of stairs and entered the mouth of the statue. He momentarily deactivated the traps he’d placed inside and went into the treasure room. He filled his bag with gold and several adamantites, before leaving the statue and the castle.

The moment Lark left the castle, the Scylla immediately noticed that the large bag Lark brought with him was filled to the brim with gold. The Scylla dropped its head. Judging by the amount of gold Lark had taken, the Scylla thought that it would probably be some time before he visited again.
“I’ll come back a week from now,” said Lark. The Scylla should have investigated a large portion of the forest by then.

The Scylla immediately raised its heads as its eyes glimmered in excitement.

“O-One week?” exclaimed the first head.

“What, you don’t like it?” said Lark.

The fifth head vigorously shook its head. “Of course not!”

“We just thought that it would be some time before God Evander comes back! But to think that it’ll only be a week!” said the fourth head.

The seventh head excitedly added, “We can easily sleep through that time!”

“That’s right!” The sixth head nodded. “A week is nothing compared to the number of years we slept in the labyrinth!”

Lark chuckled. Its tail was wagging again. Despite its terrifying appearance, this seven-headed monster was quite amusing.

“Snap out of it,” the third head spat. “What are you saying to God Evander? Did you forget that he entrusted us with the mission of investigating this forest?”
The other heads immediately shut their mouths.

“God Evander, I apologize.” The third head lowered its head. The rest of the heads immediately followed its lead and also lowered their heads in apology.

“No, it’s fine.” Lark smiled. “Just remember. Like I said before, should anything happen, contact me with the communication crystal.”

“Yes, God Evander.”

After Lark left the forest, the Scylla immediately started preparing for the investigation of the Endless Forest. It cast several high-tier spells around the castle to prevent any intruders from stepping foot inside. It also strengthened the illusion spell shrouding the surrounding areas.

After all preparations were complete, the Scylla cast a concealment spell on its body and flew toward the sky. It carefully observed the sea of trees below. After several minutes of flying in the sky, it finally saw one of the spirits who’d been trying to break through the illusion barrier it had set up to protect the sacred ground.

“Found one.”

***

[Aerith—Kingdom of Elves]

Deep inside the Endless Forest and several thousand kilometers away from Blackstone Town, was the ancient city of Aerith. Due to their low fertility rate, only a hundred thousand elves lived in this kingdom.

Unlike humans, the elves lived inside the large elven oaks in this part of the forest. Each of the trees was connected by wooden bridges, serving as roads for the citizens of the kingdom.

At the center of the kingdom was a colossal tree that easily surpassed the two hundred-meter mark. It was the largest elven oak in the entire forest, and it served as the kingdom’s royal palace.

Inside the royal palace, the King of Elves and his ministers started discussing the recent disturbance in the border of their kingdom. Several weeks ago, the scouts noticed an astronomical amount of mana being gathered at a certain part of the forest, near the border. The amount of mana was so massive that even the spirits were reluctant to approach it.
Furthermore, some of the spirits claimed that the mana ‘felt’ evil. Hearing this, the scouts immediately made a report to the royal palace.

“What are the scouts doing?” said King Melandrach. “It’s been more than a week since we sent them to investigate the border.”

Although King Melandrach had turned seven hundred years old this year, his face was still that of a middle-aged man. His ears were longer and more pointed than the other elves gathered here in this room—a characteristic of those born to the royal family. With his slanted eyes, he prompted the commander sitting to his right to speak.

The commander placed his hand on his chest and made his report, “We sent several scouts contracted to sylphids to the border, Your Majesty. But unfortunately, even the sylphids weren’t able to pinpoint the exact location of the mana the scouts had detected. We believe that a spell is protecting the area.”

“A spell strong enough to restrict even sylphids.” King Melandrach furrowed his brow.

“What if… it’s a demon?” one of the ministers reluctantly voiced out.

“Nonsense,” said another minister. “The priestess would have given us a revelation had the portal opened once again.”

“You’re right, but only a High Demon or a dragon should be capable of suppressing several sylphids at once. The dragon should still be guarding that damnable Dwarven Kingdom… If it isn’t a demon…”

“We have no concrete evidence on the identity of the source of mana,” said King Melandrach. “I will visit the temple personally after this to talk to the priestess. For now, while we still do not have the confirmation of the priestess, let us assume that it’s an unknown monster.”

“Your Majesty,” one of the royal advisors said in a raspy voice. “I believe that a human town is near the border. If the owner of the mana is indeed a monster, chances are it will attack the human town first. Aerith should be safe as long as the owner of the mana doesn’t move deeper into the forest.”

The other ministers nodded in agreement. Aerith was located at the heart of the Endless Forest. On foot, it would take more than a month for the humans to arrive from the border of the kingdom to this city. The human
town and cities outside the forest should be nearer to the place where the cluster of mana was detected.

“We should probably pull out the scouts from that place temporarily, Your Majesty,” said another royal advisor. “It wouldn’t be wise to earn the wrath of the owner of that mana.”

Sylphids were among the highest-ranked spirits the elves could summon in this realm. But even they couldn’t break through the spell the owner of the mana had cast in that part of the forest. The ministers thought that they should be grateful that the owner of the mana hadn’t been hostile so far, even after the aggressive movements of their scouts.

“Pull out the scouts, huh?” King Melandrach pondered. “Commander Khuumal, what are your thoughts?”

The three-hundred-year-old elf immediately responded, “I agree with the royal advisor, Your Majesty. I believe we shouldn’t aggravate the owner of the mana unnecessarily. Just like the royal advisor said, even if the owner of the mana is some ferocious monster, its first target should be the human town near our kingdom’s border. It does not have any reason to come all the way here when there’s prey nearby.”

The Kingdom of Elves had survived this long, despite the constant war between the humans and demons, by secluding themselves in this vast forest. Even when the demons started slaughtering the human race during the Descent more than a thousand years ago, the ancestors of King Melandrach did not participate in the war. The elves were simply glad that the claws of those demons weren’t pointed at them, but at the humans.

Silence fell for a moment.

King Melandrach had decided. “Commander Khuumal, order the scouts to pull back. Avoid provoking the owner of the mana at all cost.”

The commander bowed his head. “Understood.”

After the meeting, King Melandrach visited the temple and sought audience with the priestess.

“King Melandrach, son of Ylyndar, humbly greets the priestess.” King Melandrach lightly bowed his head.

Elves, who worshiped the God of Earth, were highly religious creatures. In this kingdom, the priestess was paramount. She was treated
with more veneration than the king himself.

“Father.” The priestess frowned. “Please raise your head. I’ve told you before that there’s no need to greet me this respectfully whenever you visit the temple.”

“How could I be disrespectful to the incarnation of God Gaia?” King Melandrach shook his head, as he found the priestess’ words unacceptable.
The priestess, a two-hundred-year-old elf with long golden hair, sighed. This was yet another repeat of the exact same scenario when her father visited had her at the temple before.

“What brought you here, father?” The priestess’ voice was soothing to the ears.

King Melandrach finally raised his head. “I’ve come here to confirm something, Priestess.”

“To confirm something?”

“Yes. Priestess, have you received any revelations from the God of Earth lately?”

The priestess tilted her head to the side at the question.

“God Gaia has been quiet for the past several years, father,” she said. “The last time I heard from her was fifteen years ago, when the previous priestess died and I took on her position. I haven’t heard from God Gaia since then.”

“I see.” King Melandrach heaved a sigh of relief. “That’s good to hear.”

If the God of Earth didn’t give a revelation, it meant that the portal remained closed. They could safely assume that the owner of the mana at the border was not from the demon race.

“Did something happen, Father?” the priestess asked worriedly.

“It’s nothing to be worried about, Priestess,” said King Melandrach. “We received some reports regarding an unknown creature at the border region. Although the chances are low, I came here to confirm that the creature is not a demon.”

The priestess understood what her father meant. The Gods would give them a revelation if the demons started appearing on this land once again.
That was their promise after the Magic Empire had been ravaged after the Descent, more than a thousand years ago.

“For father to come here personally … That unknown creature must be something dangerous.”

“Based on the amount of mana, the scouts are certain that the creature is incredibly strong. Even several sylphids couldn’t break through the spell protecting the unknown creature’s domain,” the king said bitterly.

The priestess was surprised to hear that even sylphids couldn’t break through the creature’s magic. She was about to ask for more details regarding the creature when she noticed the huffing messenger running toward them. The messenger immediately prostrated upon meeting the gaze of the priestess. In a loud voice, he said, “Forgive my insolence, Priestess! But I have an important report for His Majesty!”

The messenger sounded desperate. Sensing the urgency in the messenger’s voice, King Melandrach said, “Speak.”

“Your Majesty! Over one hundred spirits have perished! That creature! It’s coming toward this city as we speak!”
VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 17

“That creature?” asked the king.

“Yes, Your Majesty! The creature at the border! It killed all of the scouts we sent to investigate it and is heading this way as we speak!”

The king stared at the messenger without blinking. He’d just ordered the commander to pull out the scouts and to not aggravate the monster any further, but it seemed that he was a step too late. The monster, which easily suppressed several sylphids, was currently headed toward the ancient city of Aerith.

The king turned to the elves guarding the temple. “Escort the priestess to the shrine underground.”

“Yes, Your Majesty!”

The guards saluted and started moving toward the priestess. “Forgive us, Priestess Siofra,” guards said reluctantly. “But you’ll have to follow us to the underground shrine.”

The priestess glared at the guards and they immediately took a step back.

“Father, are you telling me to seek refuge at the shrine while our warriors are risking their lives protecting the kingdom?” Priestess Siofra said unhappily.

The king said softly, “Please understand. We cannot risk losing the only Priestess of the Kingdom.”

“No! I’m not going to the underground shrine!” the priestess declared resolutely. “And these guards will not heed your orders, Father. They serve the temple, they serve God Gaia. They’re not yours to command.”

The guards looked at each other, their eyes filled with uncertainty. They wanted to move the priestess to the underground shrine and secure her safety, but they couldn’t go against her commands.

Seeing the determined gaze of his daughter, King Melandrach knew he couldn’t persuade her any further. Moreover, in terms of hierarchy, he was a rank lower. He sighed. “Then, one thing. Please promise me one thing, Siofra.”

Hearing King Melandrach call her by name, she understood that right now, he was speaking to her not as the king of the nation but as a father.
“If the situation becomes too dangerous, you will flee to the underground shrine.”

The underground shrine was where investiture and enthroning ceremonies were held. Moreover, it was where the voice of the Gods was best heard. Protected by the roots of dozens of elven oaks and the defensive talismans created by their ancestors, it was the safest place in the entire kingdom.

“Under the name of God Gaia,” Priestess Siofra clasped her hands together, as though in prayer, “I promise to flee to the underground shrine should the situation become too dangerous, Father.”

The creases on the king’s brow loosened upon hearing these words uttered under the name of their God. Together with the priestess and her guards, they left the temple and went toward the royal palace.

“The status of the army?” said King Melandrach. The officials flocked toward him the moment he entered the royal palace. They bowed respectfully at the priestess first, before giving their reports to the king.

“The western garrison is currently in a fierce battle! The warriors are doing their best to prevent the monster from coming to this city! But it’s only a matter of time before all our warriors stationed there are annihilated, Your Majesty!”

“We should mobilize the guardian golems!” “Please give us your orders, Your Majesty!” “Your Majesty!”

The entire royal palace was in an uproar. Numerous elves were seen running here and there, as everyone did their best to assess the current situation of the battle. King Melandrach’s ears twitched as he found this pathetic. It seemed that several centuries of peace had weakened the elven race.

“Commander Khuumal,” said King Melandrach.

“Your Majesty.” The commander placed his hand on his chest and bowed his head.

“The creature heading this way. What kind of monster is it?”

The commander’s face turned grim. “A gigantic, flying monster with seven heads, My King. After receiving the report from the scouts, we
immediately searched our archives for any information regarding such a beast. We believe that it’s an Earth Scylla.”

A roar was heard outside, followed by a loud explosion. Flocks of birds flew out of the elven oaks as the ground rumbled for several seconds.

“Your Majesty! An urgent report!” A palace guard came running toward King Melandrach. “The western garrison has been destroyed! We’ve lost contact with the warriors stationed there!”

The elves in the palace who heard this shuddered. The western garrison had not even lasted against that monster. Another roar from the outside was heard.

“An Earth Scylla,” mumbled King Melandrach.

King Melandrach had heard of the existence of such monsters before when he was still young, but never in his wildest imagination did he think that he would encounter one. As far as he knew, their species could only be found in the lands of Marut.

What was such a monster doing here, of all places? And why was it attacking the Kingdom of Elves?

“Commander Khuumal, I am giving you full authority over the guardian golems and the royal guards. Kill the Earth Scylla.”

“As you command!” said Commander Khuumal.

The commander immediately headed out and gathered the warriors of their kingdom.

Along with the priestess and several palace officials, King Melandrach went to the peak of the royal palace. From this vantage point, he could see almost half the city.

“Y-Your Majesty… that is.” A palace official pointed toward the western part of the city. Several dozens of gigantic elven oaks had been blown to smithereens, and a portion of the elven city had been set ablaze. Black smoke continued swirling up into the sky as a gigantic seven-headed monster continued firing spells toward the ground, one after another. Balls of fire, lightning, and wind continued raining down on the city.

Although they couldn’t see it clearly from a distance, they were sure that the elven warriors stationed in that part of the city were currently fighting the monster for dear survival.
The palace officials couldn’t imagine how they could possibly win against that monster. If it didn’t have seven heads, they would have mistaken it for a dragon.

“F-Father!” croaked Priestess Siofra. “At this rate, our city! The entire kingdom will be destroyed by that monster!”

The priestess trembled not in fear, but in rage. She couldn’t bear seeing the city she grew up in being destroyed in just a single day. With her keen hearing, she could even hear the faint screams of her people from far away.
“The guardian golems and our warriors will protect us,” said King Melandrach in a calm voice.

Although King Melandrach said this, he still couldn’t help but feel anxious deep inside. Even from this distance, he could feel the absurdly massive amount of mana from the seven-headed monster.

Surely, the guardian golems that had been protecting this kingdom since the time of their ancestors would be able to deal with that monster, right?

***

After destroying the western garrison of the elven kingdom, Blackie immediately entered the ancient city of Aerith.

“Hey, aren’t we just supposed to investigate the forest?” said the seventh head in draconian language. There were doubt and uncertainty in its voice.

“That’s right,” said the fifth head. “He wouldn’t reprimand us for destroying this city and killing these elves, right?”

The third head sighed and shook its head, as though it had long given up on convincing its brothers.

The first head snorted. “God Evander told us to investigate the forest, that’s all. He didn’t tell us not to kill these pesky insects who repeatedly tried entering our sacred ground!”

The first head opened its mouth and spat out a ten-meter ball of fire. Although the warrior elves below dispersed to evade the attack, the fireball still engulfed dozens of them at once. The elves couldn’t even scream as the ball of fire immediately reduced their bodies into ash.
The ball of fire also set an elven oak ablaze and the fire started licking the wooden bridges connecting it to the nearest elven oaks. All of the houses around the Scylla were currently blazing with flames.

“And these maggots attacked us first,” the first head said in justification. “They dared to fire their arrows at us. Those fools.”

Initially, Blackie planned on capturing several sylphids to interrogate them. But the moment it grabbed hold of one of the spirits, the elven scouts contracted to them started attacking the Scylla like madmen, without regard for their lives.

One thing led to another, and Blackie eventually ended up killing the elven scouts. It also ended up annihilating everyone stationed in the western garrison.

Well, their master—The Dragon Devourer—had told them back then: “If it blocks your path, just destroy it. Why waste your time taking a detour?”

Blackie had lived by this philosophy since then.

Blackie could still remember the grinning face of its master after it destroyed an entire nest of Gryphons in Marut. Those words and that smiling face were forever embedded in its memories ever since. Now that it had thought of it, the master was right. Didn’t they manage to get out of the labyrinth in the Forbidden Region by boring a hole through all of its floors?

“These elves are quite persistent, eh?” said the fifth head as it looked at the largest elven oak in the city.

More than a thousand elves came pouring out of the colossal tree located at the heart of the city. Each of them carrying swords and bows. Their cavalry unit, composed entirely of warriors riding their elks, assumed the role of the vanguard.

And as though the army wasn’t enough, four fifteen-meter large humanoid golems rose up from the ground, near the entrance of the royal palace. Numerous runes were carved on the golems’ bodies, each of them glowing with an azure hue.

The warrior leading the vanguard pointed his sword at the Scylla. He roared, “Proud warriors of Aerith! Protect our kingdom! Charge!”

The elven warriors roared, their eyes filled with resolve.
“Protect the kingdom!”

“For the kingdom!”

The archers located at the back of the army started firing their arrows at Blackie. Despite the distance, their arrows flew toward the Scylla with great accuracy. As expected of elves.

Blackie snorted and cast a simple barrier spell to fend off the attacks.

The vanguard army started speeding up. Behind them, the guardian golems also started running toward the seven-headed monster.
It was only a matter of time before things completely blew up into an all-out war.

“I think this is enough of a warning for these elves,” said the third head. “Unless they’re fools, they won’t dare snoop around our sacred ground after this. Let us head back.”

Thankfully, the other heads agreed. They also thought that killing any more than this would be quite drastic.

The third head amplified its voice using magic. It spoke in the language of humans and elves. “You brought this upon yourselves.”

The elven warriors halted in their tracks. They hadn’t expected the seven-headed monster to be capable of human speech.

“Let this serve as a warning.”

The Scylla stared at the warriors below for a moment, flapped its wings, and flew in the opposite direction. Without another word, it disappeared from sight.

Even after the Scylla was gone, the warriors remained there, staring in the direction the seven-headed monster had disappeared. The words the monster uttered were few, but they were more than enough to instill fear among their people.

It was basically telling them to stop investigating that part of the forest —where the clumps of mana were first detected.
VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 18

After investigating the ‘disturbances’ in the Endless Forest, Blackie went back to the golden statue and eagerly awaited Lark’s return. True to his word, Lark returned exactly a week after he left the Endless Forest.

“God Evander! Welcome back!”

The Scylla’s eyes glimmered with excitement.

“We’ve prepared some refreshments for you,” the first head said proudly. “Flying all the way here from the town must have been tiring. Please, have some wine.”

Lark gazed at the stone table and chair sitting near the castle’s entrance. A bottle of wine and a wooden cup were placed on top of the table. Lark wondered where the Scylla got these things.

Using wind magic, the third head pulled back the chair, ushering Lark to sit on it.

“Where did you get this?” Lark asked as he sat on the chair and grabbed the bottle of wine. Dark red liquid sloshed inside.

The third head didn’t answer immediately. A hint of hesitation flashed on its face and it momentarily averted its gaze.
The seventh head merrily replied, “We got it from the elves! There’s an elven outpost not far from this place!”

Lark froze. He stared at the bottle of wine then at the Scylla. The seventh head was grinning mischievously, the third head held a look of resignation on its face, while the rest were proudly nodding their heads.

“Elven outpost?” said Lark. “There are elves living in this forest?”

“That’s right, God Evander,” the fifth head softly. “If you keep flying east from here, you’ll eventually arrive at an elven kingdom.”

The first head smirked. “They call it a kingdom, but it’s nothing more than a puny city.”

Lark’s intention in coming here was to hear the result of the Scylla’s investigation of the forest. But he did not expect to hear that an elven kingdom was located deep inside the Endless Forest. It easily explained the spirits wandering in this part of the forest. It also explained why the forest
was eerily peaceful, as though all of the monsters here had been culled by some unknown creature.

Lark poured himself a cup of wine. “A kingdom of elves, huh? Tell me more of what you’ve found out.”

The Scylla started to recount excitedly everything that transpired during their investigation of the Endless Forest. How it initially abducted several sylphids to interrogate but ended up killing all of the elven scouts instead. How it tried investigating the elven kingdom, but the elves stationed in the western garrison started attacking the seven-headed monster without regard for their lives.

Lark’s expression slowly turned sour as he listened to the story. With the exception of the third head, everyone animatedly and proudly told him everything that they had done during the past several days, down to the finest details. And when Blackie came to the part wherein the elven kingdom sent out thousands of warriors and gigantic guardian golems to defend their kingdom against the Scylla, Lark finally sighed.

Although he wanted to reprimand the seven-headed creature in front of him, he couldn’t bring himself to do so, especially after hearing that his disciple, the Dragon Devourer, was the one who taught the Scylla to do things this way. Looking at things from a different perspective, he should probably be glad that the Scylla didn’t destroy the elven kingdom.

“So, after destroying the garrison, you went back to the elven outpost, ransacked everything you could, and came back to the castle,” Lark summarized.

“That’s correct, God Evander!” The first head repeatedly bobbed its head.

“We also got some items from the outpost! We thought that you might be interested in them.” said the sixth head. Using gravity magic, it took out several items from the castle’s tower and presented them before Lark— fabric, fruits, meat, and herbs.

Lark took the fabric and inspected it. It was soft like cotton and smoother than silk. Furthermore, it was surprisingly durable. It was almost as strong as leather. It was the type of item Big Mona would gawk over.
The fruit and meat were nothing special, but most of the herbs were rare. Lark was sure that he could further improve the middle-grade potions
he’d been selling to Big Mona if he used these plants. Pinnacle-grade potions were still impossible to concoct due to the lack of ingredients, but high-grade potions should be feasible with the addition of these herbs.

“Good work gathering these,” said Lark.

It seemed that a lot of rare herbs grew in the deeper regions of the Endless Forest and the elves knew where to find them. Furthermore, Lark’s interest was piqued by the unknown fabric. Lark was certain that it would be possible to make strong yet comfortable armor using it.

The heads looked at each other. They seemed really happy after Lark complimented them for the items they’d gathered.

“G-God Evander!” The first head moved closer to Lark and looked at him with expectant eyes. “If you want, we can gather more of these things. Please give just give us the order!”

“That’s right! We’ll gather more of those if you want!” The sixth head looked toward the east, in the direction of the elven city.

Lark was dumbfounded. It seemed that he needed to set things straight here. Otherwise, he was worried about what this creature would do once he was no longer here.

“No. You’ve already killed enough elves this week. Are you seriously planning on attacking an entire kingdom just to obtain these… things?”

The Scylla looked at Lark as though asking ‘are we not allowed to do that?’.
Lark rubbed his forehead. “Look. I don’t like unnecessary killing. Humans, elves. This applies to both of them.”

“But they attacked us first!” said the seventh head indignantly.

“That’s right! They shot us with their arrows!” added the sixth head.

The first head agreed with its brother’s statements. “And they dared snoop around this sacred ground!”

“He is saying that we could have subdued them instead, without killing them,” said the third head. “Isn’t that correct, God Evander?”

Lark was becoming fond of the third head. Without it, he would have probably disowned this seven-headed monster. Well, he knew that he probably wouldn’t go that far. Although this creature considered humans
and elves as mere insects it could kill and trample on, it was still the pet of

his beloved disciple. And Lark had never forgotten the fact that this seven-

headed monster had spent almost its entire lifespan protecting his treasure

in the dungeon. He would always be grateful to the Scylla, no matter what.

“That’s correct,” said Lark. “Unnecessary killings are forbidden. If it is possible to just subdue them, subdue them.”

The Scylla’s tail, that had been wagging in excitement before, stiffened and started drooping to the ground.

“And it’s understandable why the elves tried breaking through the illusion spell you’ve cast on this place. Think about it. Imagine: Your kind has been living in this forest for centuries when suddenly, an unknown creature appears at your kingdom’s border and makes it its home. Anyone would naturally want to try to investigate it.”

The Scylla listened attentively but its eyes were looking at the ground like a sinner.

“They attacked us first. They shot us with their arrows,” said Lark. “Of course, they would. You tried to abduct their contracted spirits, after all. For the elves, their contracted spirits are family. Imagine this—what would you do if someone forcefully took Kubarkava right before your very eyes?”
“The master?”

The Scylla’s heads looked at each other.

“That’s impossible, God Evander…” the first head said slowly. “The abductor would be killed before he could even touch the master.”
Lark smiled. It made sense. Even he couldn’t see that kid being abducted without putting up a fight. Lark realized that he should have given a more plausible scenario to the Scylla.

“Kubarkava was my strongest disciple,” mumbled Lark. He rephrased, “Then how about this. What if someone suddenly took Quervanu by force? Right in front of you?”

“The poison brat? We’d kill them immediately, of course!”

“How dare they harm the creator of our dungeon!”

“We’d tear them to shreds and burn their bodies into ashes!”
The heads started spouting threats one after another. As Lark had expected, it seemed that even after his death, Quervanu had not become as monstrous as Kubarkava. Based on the history books Lark had read before, it seemed that Kubarkava had become so strong that even the dragon race avoided him.

The Dragon Devourer.

It was truly unfortunate that he had lost his life immediately upon opening the rift.

Lark smiled. Like a father patiently explaining things to his son, he said, “See? You wouldn’t let something like that to happen to Qeurvanu, right? It’s the same for the elves. You said that they started it, but from their perspective, you’re a monster trying to kill their contracted spirits.”

“But we were really just going to interrogate those sylphids,” mumbled the fifth head, its eyes still staring at the ground.

Lark walked toward the fifth head and patted its snout. “I understand. But please try to restrain yourselves from now on. No unnecessary slaughter, understood?”

The eyes of the other heads shook with envy. They stared at the fifth head, who was now closing its eyes and softly mumbling, “Yes, God Evander.”

Lark looked up at the sky. If they left now, they could probably arrive before dusk.

As far as he knew, the elven race kept to themselves and hardly made contact with traders. They raised their own food and produced their own tools. With the exception of dwarves, their nation was probably the hardest for a merchant to conduct trades with.

But Lark held an item which the elves coveted. An item that would solve their nation’s most dire problem.

According to Blackie, the Kingdom of Elves was only as large as a human city. By estimate, their population hardly reached past the hundred thousand mark. It was apparent that even after more than a millennium had passed, the elves still couldn’t overcome their extremely low fertility rate. Their kingdom was slowly dying due to the declining population.
Under normal circumstances, the item would have been more than enough to convince the elves to trade with his territory. But after Blackie annihilated all of the elven scouts and destroyed a garrison, Lark doubted if negotiations would proceed smoothly.

They’re right next door. It’d be a shame if I couldn’t grab this opportunity to monopolize the trade with an entire country.

Although the chances that the elves would agree to his parley were slim, Lark decided to go along with it.

Lark went inside the castle, entered the golden statue, and took out a particular item.

After coming out of the castle, Lark said to the Scylla, “Blackie, want to visit the Kingdom of Elves with me?”

The seven-headed monster immediately unfolded its wings, creating gusts of wind.

“Of course! We would love to!”

Its enthusiastic voice reverberated through the forest. Lark chuckled and jumped onto its body. He’d learned before that it would strike pangs of jealousy if he sat on one of the heads.

“Then, to the elven kingdom,” said Lark.

The Scylla roared and flocks of birds flew out of the forest. It jumped into the sky, flapped its wings, and shot toward the east at a tremendous speed.
VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 19

The entire elven kingdom was in turmoil after the incident with the seven-headed monster. Including the scouts and those stationed in the western garrison, they’d lost more than a thousand elves from that single encounter. Furthermore, a portion of the city had been blown into smithereens, and several houses had been burned to the ground. Thankfully, the water spirits had managed to put out the fire before it spread throughout the entire forest.

Several days had passed since then. All of the kingdom’s officials were gathered at the royal palace to discuss matters concerning the kingdom.

“Your Majesty, we’ve finished relocating the affected families,” reported one of the ministers. “We have repurposed the elven oaks which served as storage houses last winter. We plan on letting those who lost their homes stay there, at least until the elven oaks in the east are mature enough to be converted into houses.”

“Good work.” King Melandrach nodded in approval. He said to another official, “The burial ceremonies?”

“We’re almost done with the preparations, Your Majesty. Two days at most and our fallen warriors can finally return to God Gaia. We’ve already received the blessings of the priestess and the temple.”

“It seems that hundreds of elven oaks will sprout in the forest this year,” King Melandrach said in a glum voice.

Although the body of an elf wasn’t a prerequisite for an elven oak to grow, for some strange reason, there was a very high chance of an elven oak sprouting from the ground where a deceased elf was buried. This was why the elves considered the trees sacred, since most of the trees here grew from their deceased ancestors’ bodies. They would wait for a hundred years, until the elven oaks had matured, before carving their homes inside the trunk of these trees.

“My King,” said Commander Khuumal. “We’ve been receiving reports of several… disturbances in the city.”
“Disturbances?” said the king.

“Yes, Your Majesty. There have been protests among the citizens of the kingdom. The warriors wish to hunt and kill the monster. They are
demanding for the royal family to take immediate action. Even the vice commander averred his desire to take revenge on the Earth Scylla.”

“Even Vice Commander Calen.” King Melandrach found this troubling.

The vice commander had several hundred warriors under his command. If he suddenly decided to go to the border and take revenge on the Earth Scylla, it would be easy for him to rally the other warriors under his banner.

They’d lost a lot of warriors already. King Melandrach had no intention of letting their casualties increase even further.

“Keep an eye on the vice commander. Make sure he doesn’t do anything foolish,” said the king. “It’s not like I don’t understand why they are acting this way, but we need to face reality. Commander Khuumal, you understand too, don’t you? Had that Earth Scylla wanted to, it could have killed more of our warriors that day.”

Commander Khuumal nodded grimly. “I believe so.”

“But we have the guardian golems, Your Majesty,” said one of the officials. “Surely, the guardians our ancestors created would be more than enough to protect the kingdom?”

“Even if the guardian golems could somehow manage to take down the Earth Scylla, it would cost us tens of thousands of lives. Imagine this— what would have happened if that monster had chosen to fight the golems right in the middle of the city?” said the king.

Heavy silence fell in the room. They could vividly imagine what would have happened had the monster chosen to go on a rampage in the city. Hundreds of elven oaks would have been burned to ashes, and thousands if not tens of thousands of elves would have died that day.

They did not doubt the strength of the guardian golems who have been protecting their kingdom for several centuries. But they knew that even those fifteen-meter tall giants wouldn’t be enough to completely hold down the Earth Scylla.

“As the king of this nation, I hereby prohibit any expedition to the

border region,” declared the king. “Anyone caught violating this decree will
be given the death penalty. No exceptions. Even if the violator is a high-ranking officer in the military.”

The king’s statement showed how much of a threat he believed Earth Scylla to be. In order to avoid antagonizing it even further, His Majesty was willing to go as far as making this decree. Everyone in the room knew who the king was referring to in the last part of his statement.

“Disseminate this decree to everyone. Tighten the security at the perimeter of our kingdom,” said King Melandrach. “We do not know the reason why that creature suddenly appeared and made the border its home, but for now, we shall capitulate that part of the forest to the Earth Scylla.”

“Yes, Your Majesty!” said the officials.

Suddenly, a huffing soldier barged into the room and said in a loud voice, “Your Majesty! That monster! It has returned! We received reports from the western outpost just now!”

The king stood up from his seat abruptly. “What? We recently erected a barrier in that part of the forest! What happened to the barrier?”

After the incident a week ago, the king had ordered his men to erect a barrier in the western part of the forest to deter the monster from coming into their city. It was created using the might of several dozen high-ranking spirits. It should have been strong enough to withstand several attacks even from the Scylla.

The huffing soldier looked around the room for a moment, his eyes quickly scanning the terror-filled faces of the officials. He said to the king in a hurried voice, “The barrier has been broken! A human! The report said that a human broke through the barrier using a single spell!”

The king stared at the soldier for a moment, wondering if what he’d just heard was correct. “A human?”
“Yes, a human!” The soldier nodded.

King Melandrach looked at the officials in the room. Just like him, they couldn’t believe what they’d just heard. The Scylla was one thing, but a human? How could a mere human break through a barrier created using the might of several high-ranking spirits? Furthermore, he did it with just a single spell?

“Y-Your Majesty!” said one of the ministers. “Your orders?”
“We don’t know what that monster is thinking! Coming back here immediately like this!”

“We should mobilize the guardian golems and the royal guards!” “The warriors! Commander Khuumal! Gather the warriors!”

The ministers and the other officials were frantic as they awaited the king’s orders. King Melandrach couldn’t blame them. It had been a long time since their kingdom had been in such a predicament. Even he couldn’t help but shudder in terror at this news. He’d seen for himself what the monster was capable of, after all.

King Melandrach breathed in deeply and said in a voice filled with conviction, “Mobilize the guardian golems! Gather all of our warriors, including the royal guards! Send a message to the temple! Tell them to prepare for the Blood Rite of the Earth God!”

The officials stared at the king in bewilderment. The Blood Rite of the Earth God was the strongest spell known to the elves. In exchange for the life of the current king, God Gaia would briefly descend to this realm.

“B-Blood Rite? B-But Your Majesty!” said one of the royal advisors. “Enough!” snarled the king. “This much is needed for our race to

survive. No matter how strong that Earth Scylla is, it will never be a match for one of the Seven Gods.”

After the warriors and the royal guards had been gathered, King Melandrach patiently waited at the entrance of the royal palace. Standing behind him were the four guardian golems of the kingdom.

For some reason, the presence of the unknown human made the king think that the seven-headed monster would head straight to the royal palace.
And he was right.

Ignoring everything else, the Earth Scylla flew through the city and stopped right in front of the largest elven oak in the entire kingdom.

The seven-headed monster was as threatening and as imposing as before. The way it looked at the army of elves below showed clearly how it thought of them as nothing but insects it could easily trample on.

King Melandrach looked at the human standing on top of the Scylla’s body. He was surprisingly young. If he were an elf, he would be probably
around a hundred and fifty years old. He was definitely younger than King Melandrach’s daughter.

“Elves.” To their surprise, the Earth Scylla spoke. “You have been graced with the presence of my God. Show your respect.”

God?

All of the elves who heard it shuddered, their faces drained of color immediately. Under normal circumstances, they wouldn’t believe such a preposterous statement. But these words came from the Earth Scylla itself. They came from a monster who could destroy their kingdom on its own.

Surely, this monster wouldn’t submit itself to anything short of a God.

“M-My King!”

“W-What should we do?”

The Scylla was more than enough of a threat. And now, a God had suddenly appeared at their doorstep.

Initially, King Melandrach was confident in negotiating with the human and the Earth Scylla. After all, he held a trump card in his hands. Once broken, the artifact he was carrying would take his life and momentarily summon God Gaia on this land.

But everything changed after he heard the Scylla call the ‘human’ its God.

“Kneel.” King Melandrach eventually decided. “Lower your heads.”

The high-ranking officers of the army immediately disseminated the words of the king. Although reluctant, all of the elven warriors knelt and lowered their heads. Even the guardian golems bent their knees.

The Earth Scylla snorted, as though pleased that the elves recognized the greatness of the human riding on top of it.

“I am Melandrach, King of the Elves. The current ruler of Aerith,” said the king, not daring to look at the human on top of the seven-headed monster. “May I know why such an esteemed… individual decided to visit our humble city?”

There were several seconds of silence. For a moment, King Melandrach wondered if he had not shown enough respect. Shivers crawled down his spine at the thought.
“I’m here to apologize for the behavior of one of my men,” said the human. “I heard that Blackie here caused havoc in this city. Although words won’t bring back the dead, I hope you can accept my apology.”

King Melandrach and the elven warriors looked up. They hadn’t expected such words to come out of the human’s mouth. Their eyes widened in surprise upon seeing the ‘God’ bowing his entire upper body in front of everyone. Moreover, those words sounded sincere, without a hint of malice or deceit.

The Earth Scylla looked distressed upon hearing those words and seeing the human bowing his head.

“G-God Evander! There’s no need to bow your head in front of these elves!”

“T-That’s right! Please raise your head!”

The Earth Scylla looked as though it would start crying at any moment. It was a surreal sight. They’d never expected to see this terrifying creature become this perturbed over the words of a human.

God Evander?

King Melandrach was sure that that name was not among the Seven Gods.

But it sounded familiar. The King of Elves was sure that he’d heard that name before in his life.
“Please accept this as a token of my apology,” said the human.

A wooden chest slowly flew down toward the elves below. It landed softly right in front of King Melandrach.

The king hesitated for a moment, but eventually decided to open it. “This is?”

Inside the wooden chest were five bottles filled with blood-red liquid. King Melandrach wondered if it was wine at first, but judging by the words uttered by the so-called ‘God’, this was surely no ordinary item.

“Water that has made contact with a bloodstone,” said the human. “Although it won’t bring the dead back to life, I hope you can use it to propel this kingdom forward. King of Elves, you understand the importance
of this item, right? With this, it should be possible to recover the population you lost due to this incident. A token of my apology. Please accept it.”

All of the elves, the king included, knew the significance of this item. Bloodstone was the most coveted item of the elven race. When used by humans, it cured weak curses and even prolonged their lifespans. But when used by elves, it greatly increased their fertility rate, making it almost on par with those of humans.

“Your Majesty, is it really from a bloodstone?” whispered one of the military officers. Even he couldn’t believe it.

King Melandrach opened one of the bottles, dipped his index finger inside and licked it. After several seconds, he felt an indescribable sensation surge inside him. This was the real thing. He was sure of it.

“It’s real,” said the king.

The elves stared at the wooden chest in marvel. Right now, that wooden chest was more precious than the treasures stored in the royal palace.

“Had we met under normal circumstances, I would have loved to become one of your trading partners,” said the human. “But I understand that this is impossible, with the way things are right now.”

“Trading partners?” said the king.

The human jumped down from the Scylla and landed softly on the ground.
“That’s right. Trading partners. I haven’t introduced myself, have I?” He placed a hand on his chest and lightly bowed his head. “Lark Marcus, Lord of Blackstone Town. The town located west from here, right next to this forest.”

Lark added, “This may sound… contumelious, coming from me… But we truly did not mean harm to your country. Please understand that what I’m offering isn’t just the opportunity to trade with my town. What I’m offering is the chance to trade with the entire kingdom. The human race. If we become trading partners, your kingdom will have direct access to the human race’s resources.”

There were still several questions going through the king’s mind, but he understood what the human was conveying for the most part.
Still, although the offer sounded tempting, King Melandrach did not see the merit in opening their country to these outsiders. The elves could produce their own food, they had access to timber, they could spin and weave their clothes. They could live by simply utilizing what nature could offer.

King Melandrach was about to utter his refusal when the human added: “And you’ll also gain access to these elixirs. Water that has made contact with a bloodstone. How about it?”

King Melandrach stared at the human, then at the wooden chest next to his feet. With just those words alone, the human had managed to overturn the table of negotiations. King Melandrach had never heard something so tempting before. Greed started showing in his eyes.

“How… How many bottles of elixirs can you trade with us each year?” said King Melandrach.

The human raised four fingers.

“I see. Forty bottles,” mumbled the king.

“Four thousand,” corrected Lark.

The king’s eyes widened. With such an amount, they would no longer have to worry about the declining population of their kingdom. If lucky, an elf could have a single offspring in its lifetime. Two children was already a miracle. But with these elixirs, such things would no longer be a problem.
“F-Four thousand?” said the king.

Lark grinned. He understood why the king was this flustered. Even he had only managed to get his hands on a single bloodstone back in his previous life. These legendary stones were that rare. But The Dragon Devourer and the God of Poison—those two disciples of his—managed to get their hands on not just one, but five bloodstone fragments. Lark did not know how those brats managed to obtain them, but he was glad that they did.

Five bloodstone fragments were more than enough to supply the elixirs to these elves. Dipping those stones in water hardly sapped away at their strength, after all. Lark even felt that he was exploiting the King of Elves by offering them to him.
“I understand that it’ll be hard to arrive at a decision this soon,” said Lark. “So, how about this? Send a messenger to the forest border, once you’ve arrived at an answer.”

Lark looked at the guardian golems kneeling behind the king, then at the elven warriors. Despite the long period of peace, it seemed that the elves weren’t as helpless as they looked. This kingdom could probably defend themselves, even against the Empire’s army.

“But these elixirs… I don’t see what our kingdom could give you in exchange for these items.”

Lark shot a quizzical gaze at the king. “Metals, herbs, fabric, fruit, meat. Those alone are more than enough reason for my Blackstone Town to trade with your kingdom.”

Lark flew up and landed on top of Blackie’s body. “Two weeks. I hope you can give me an answer by then.”

The Scylla started flapping its wings, creating gusts of wind.

“Wait!” said the king. “And if we refuse your offer?”

The king was worried that these two monsters would lay waste to their kingdom if that happened.

“Then we’ll cease contact with the elven race entirely,” said Lark.

The king sighed in relief. At the same time, the king understood that the human was implying that they’d also lose access to the elixirs completely. And with the seven-headed monster and this so-called ‘God’ on the side of the humans, it was not like they could forcefully take those bloodstones away.

“Whatever your decision is,” said Lark. “I assure you that I will respect

it.”

After those words, the Scylla flew in the direction of Blackstone Town.
VOLUME 6: CHAPTER 20

After the seven-headed monster and its God left the city, the elves immediately tasked the herbalists and healers to verify the authenticity of the bloodstone water. After confirming that it was the real thing, they started discussing the proposal given to them. For several days, the officials —including the high-ranking priests in the temple—debated the pros and cons of opening their kingdom to Blackstone Town.

It had already been five days since that encounter, and they still hadn’t come up with a consensus. Currently, the kingdom’s officials were divided into three groups: those in favor of trading with the humans, those who wished to close their borders and live secluded in the heart of the Endless Forest, and those who wished to hunt and kill the Earth Scylla.

“Vice Commander Calen! Are you out of your mind?” One of the royal advisors slammed his hands on the table. “You wish to lead our warriors to the border and attack that monster?”

Tension was palpable in the air as the kingdom’s officials discussed the proposal given to them by the ‘God’ of the Scylla. Most of the royal advisors were in favor of the proposal; they even pushed the idea of pursuing a friendlier relationship with Blackstone Town. According to the royal advisors, there was no merit in aggravating that seven-headed monster and its master—the difference in strength between them and those monsters was simply too great. On the contrary, they believed that the elven kingdom would greatly benefit from this trade. The people were the main driving force in a kingdom’s prosperity. The royal advisors envisioned that the moment they finally got their hands on an unlimited supply of bloodstone water, it would only be a matter of time before the elven race regained its former glory.

The faces of Vice Commander Calen and the two captains beside him distorted. They found these officials in favor of establishing a trade with the humans revolting.

“These cowards,” mumbled the vice commander. He said in a low, but enraged voice, “Royal advisor, have you ever seen your father and your comrades die before your very eyes? Have you seen someone burn alive, their body melting like elk tallow?”
The military officers in the room seethed with rage as they remembered what happened only weeks ago.

“That monster killed hundreds of our warriors! It almost destroyed the entire city! And you wish to form a friendly relationship with it?” snarled the vice commander.

Silence befell the room. The vice commander huffed as his entire body trembled from rage. The memories of how his comrades were killed right before his very eyes were still vivid.

“Calen, lower your voice. You are under the presence of the priestess,” said Commander Khuumal.

The vice commander looked at the priestess and dropped his head in shame. “Ah, Priestess. Forgive me for raising my voice…”

The priestess smiled in understanding. “I believe that everyone in this room feels the same way as the vice commander. There is no way we could have forgotten the sacrifice of those valiant warriors.”

Contrary to the deep and enraged voice of the vice commander, the priestess’ voice was calm and soothing.

“Their deaths, the lives they lived, their loyalty to the elven race,” the priestess placed a hand on her chest, “will never be forgotten.”

Coming from the mouth of the priestess herself, those words carried an indescribable weight. Tears started forming in the corners of the vice commander’s eyes. He nodded his head and said, “Yes.”

“Father,” Priestess Siofra said to the king. “Have you found any leads regarding that so-called God?”

King Melandrach shook his head. “I’m afraid not, Priestess. We’ve combed the archives but failed to find any record related to that… human. The Scylla called him a God, but in the scriptures, there is no such name as Evander among the Seven Gods.”

The priestess slid a thick book toward the king. It was bound by black leather, cracked and dry with age. The pages inside were brittle and smelled faintly of dust.

“I looked through the underground library in the temple. The library restricted to the current priestess,” she said. “And I found a book mentioning the name of that human.”
King Melandrach started flipping through the pages of the book. He realized it was a journal of a human called Gustav Chavalion who’d lived several centuries ago.

“There’s only a single person who fits the identity of that human—that so-called God of the Scylla. Evander Alaester, one of the strongest magicians to have lived on this land. The supposed avatar of the Sun God,” said the priestess. “According to that book, Evander Alaester killed two demon lords in his lifetime.”

“T-Two demon lords?”

“That’s impossible! The rumors must have been blown out of proportion!”

The officials gathered in the room were in uproar upon hearing the last part of the priestess’ statement.

“This book was written several hundred years ago…” King Melandrach narrowed his eyes as he pondered. “Humans are short-lived. It’s impossible for a human to live this long. It must be a different person. Someone with a similar name.”

“I agree with Your Majesty.” Nodded one of the ministers. “A mere coincidence. Humans tend to have… similar names.”

“But it would be wise if we start moving with the assumption that the two are one and the same,” said the priestess. “And even if he is a different person from the avatar of the Sun God, the fact that he managed to tame that monster remains. We should tread carefully, Father.”
The king understood what the priestess meant. If the God of the Scylla was indeed Evander Alaester, then they should definitely pursue a friendlier relationship with him and his territory—Blackstone Town. And even if they were wrong, they would not be losing much from this assumption.

“We’ve closed our nation for too long,” the king said in regret. “If only we had more information regarding that town, that kingdom… it would have been easier to come up with a decision.”

The king sighed and fell silent for a long time. Eventually, he said, “For the sake of the elven race, we shall open our nation to Blackstone Town.”

The king looked at the priestess and she nodded her head in approval.
The military officers closed their eyes upon hearing those words, while the ministers heaved sighs of relief.

“I will personally go to the border and meet with that human,” said the king. “Commander Khuumal, you shall accompany me, along with two guardian golems and a hundred royal guards.”

“Understood!”

Although the king had just declared that he would go to where the scouts had been annihilated, no one raised a protest. This much was needed for something of this scale. They would be opening their nation to outsiders after hundreds of years, after all.

***

Although it would normally take a month on foot to reach the forest border, the king and his entourage managed to reach it in just a week. The elks, together with the spirits, made it possible for the elves to move through the sea of trees with ease.

“Your Majesty, we’ve arrived,” said Commander Khuumal.

The entourage halted. King Melandrach stared at the trees in front of him. Although it was faint, he could see the distortions in space right before his eyes. He realized that all of the trees in front of him were mere illusions —a mirage.

“An illusion spell,” said the king.

“I believe so, Your Majesty,” said the commander.

“Then, how do we get in?”

As though those words were on cue, a rift appeared right in front of them. It slowly expanded, until it became large enough to accommodate even the guardian golems. Looking inside the rift, they could see a large stone castle and the seven-headed monster from before.
“King of Elves,” said the seven-headed monster. “My God has given his permission. You may enter our sacred domain.”

The Scylla was as imposing and as threatening as before. Although it was speaking to the King of Elves, it held no hint of respect or deference at all. It looked at King Melandrach as though he was nothing but an insignificant insect.
“You may bring a dozen guards with you,” added the Scylla. “And those golems. Bring them inside.”

The king, along with a dozen guards and the two guardian golems, entered the rift. The moment they entered the space protected by the illusion spell, they realized that the stone castle was far larger than they’d expected. What they had seen outside was only a portion of its towering walls and battlements. The castle itself was twice the size of their royal palace.

Various questions started running through King Melandrach’s mind.

How did they manage to build this castle in such a short period of time? Why did they build a castle in this part of the forest? And why was an absurdly strong defensive spell, together with a seven-headed monster, protecting it?

“Welcome,” a familiar voice spoke.

A young man with short silver hair emerged from the castle’s entrance.

“Thank you for coming all the way here. You must be tired from the long journey,” said Lark. “I’ve prepared some refreshments. Please, come inside.”

Lark ushered the king and his men inside the castle. Along the way, they passed by a large statue, its upper body covered by a cloth, as though the Lord of Blackstone Town did not wish anyone to see what it looked like. Looking around, although well made, the castle’s interior was surprisingly empty. There were no paintings, no carpets, no fixtures commonly found in castles.

Even the grand hall had only a single table and two chairs, just enough for Lark and the King of Elves.
After the two of them sat, Lark poured the king a drink and got straight to the point, “So, has His Majesty arrived at a decision?”

The king drank the wine offered to him without hesitation. For some strange reason, the wine was very similar to the ones their warriors normally drank in taverns.

King Melandrach gently placed the cup on the table and said, “Yes. But before that, I hope you can answer one question of ours, honestly.”

Lark looked at the king curiously. “A question?” He paused, sipped his wine and said, “If it is something within the limits of my knowledge,
alright.”

“Are you Evander Alaester, the magician who lived during the Age of Magic, fifteen centuries ago?”

Lark hadn’t expected this question from the king. He fell silent, smiled, and eventually said, “I am.”

King Melandrach’s eyes widened. Even Commander Khuumal and the royal guards stared at the human in wonder. Rumors of the human’s real identity had already spread throughout the kingdom. And now, the human had just confirmed it himself, that he was that same magician written in the legends.

A human who’d single-handedly repelled several demonic invasions and killed two demon lords during his lifetime.

Shivers crawled down the elves’ spines as they realized that they were in the presence of such a monster.

“So, i-it’s true,” said the king. “But the journal… it clearly said that you died from a curse. The Ritual of the Immortal failed. A human couldn’t possibly live this long. How—”

“One question,” said Lark, smiling. “I agreed to answer only one question.”

“Ah, that’s right. I apologize for overstepping my bounds.” King Melandrach lightly bowed his head.
It was regrettable, but it was indeed true that he’d asked the human to answer only a single question. King Melandrach inwardly clicked his tongue for this blunder. Had he known that the human wouldn’t deny it, he would have requested more answers.

The two started discussing the trade between Aerith and Blackstone Town. As agreed before, Blackstone Town would provide the elven kingdom with at least four thousand bottles of bloodstone water each year. In exchange, the elven kingdom would provide the town with metals, fabric, herbs, fruit, and meat.

According to the elves, the fabrics Lark had seen before were made using threads produced by a carnivorous worm species living in a cavern near the city of Aerith. Although the supply of these threads was limited, King Melandrach promised to sell the bulk of their harvest to Blackstone
Town. Furthermore, the king also promised to provide vast quantities of medicinal herbs. With which it should be possible for Lark to create high-grade potions.

For a moment, Lark remembered Big Mona. That fat merchant would definitely squeak in glee once he presented these items to him.

King Melandrach placed an arrow on the table. Its tip was made of a black metal reminiscent of obsidian.

“This is the metal our race uses to create arrowheads,” said the king. “It’s as strong as iron and as potent as a paralyzing potion made from mydrengia. Even a graze from this arrow can paralyze an elk in mere seconds.”

Lark took the arrow and inspected its tip. “An arrow that could paralyze its target. This will surely boost the firepower of my archers. Impressive.”

Lark’s gaze moved toward the golems standing behind the king. He was curious about what kind of technology the ancestors of the elves used to make those things. For a moment, Lark had the urge to cut their bodies open and look at the mechanism engraved inside.

“Of course,” the king said proudly. “When I was young, this forest was infested with monsters. A species of devouring apes lived in this territory. They could rip elks apart with their bare hands and they could move through the trees as though running on flat ground. But over time, our warriors eventually managed to wipe them out—these arrows greatly contributed to that victory.”

“This forest is indeed eerily peaceful, despite its size,” said Lark. “The elves killed all of the monsters living in this forest, huh?”

“That much was needed to protect the children,” said the king. “Unlike humans, we aren’t capable of giving birth to several offspring. The death of a single elf carries far greater weight for our race.”

For a race with a declining population, Lark believed that eliminating the threats in the forest had been a wise decision.

“If you would permit us, we’d like to create a road connecting this castle and the city of Aerith,” said Lark.
“A road,” said the king. “I don’t see any harm in creating one, as long as the damage to the forest is kept to a minimum…”

“I’ll see to it that as few trees as possible are destroyed in the process of creating this road,” Lark gave his assurance.

The king smiled. He was glad that the human before him knew how important the forest was to the elven race.

The two finally came to a consensus.

Lark raised his cup. “For the elves.”

King Melandrach also raised his cup. “For Blackstone Town.” From now on, Aerith would open their nation to Blackstone Town.
VOLUME 6: EPILOGUE

“God Evander, you’re leaving already?” the Scylla’s first head asked despondently.

The meeting with the elves had ended a few hours ago. King Melandrach and his entourage had already returned to their kingdom, leaving behind five elves proficient in earth magic to help with the creation of the road connecting the castle and Aerith.

“These herbs I received from the elves,” said Lark. “I want to try them out. I’ll probably be able to make high-grade potions with these. And these fabrics, I’m going to show them to a merchant I’m acquainted with.”

“I believe the poison brat left behind several pinnacle-grade potions. There’s no need for God Evander to concern himself with mere high-grade potions,” said the fifth head.

“That’s right! And the fabrics produced by these elves are mediocre at best! We can easily tear through it with our claws!” said the seventh head.

“These aren’t for me.” Lark smiled in understanding. “They’re for my subjects. The people living in Blackstone Town.”

“Are those humans living in that town really that important?” said the third head.

“That’s right,” said Lark. “Blackstone Town is important.”

“Blackstone Town is important,” repeated the first head in a small, almost inaudible voice.

Lark looked at the five elves left behind to help the Scylla create the road. Although the five of them were trembling from fear and their faces were drained of color, Lark could see the conviction within their eyes.

“I’m really glad that we’ve become trading partners with the elves,” Lark said to them. “Even if something similar to the black famine strikes our land, we’ll be fine. King Melandrach told me that your kingdom never once suffered from hunger nor drought. He told me that in Aerith, food is incredibly abundant.”

The oldest among the five elves spoke, “W-We’re also grateful that you’re willing to give us something as valuable as the bloodstone water!”

Lark smiled wryly. He felt a prick of conscience. Dipping the bloodstone in water hardly sapped away at its strength—it was almost
negligible. Lark cleared his throat. “I’ve already received permission from King Melandrach for the creation of the road. He told me that the five of you held the highest aptitude in earth magic.”

“Yes,” said the oldest elf. “We have also made contracts with earth spirits.”

“Impressive,” said Lark. “Then, I’ll leave it to you. Please work together with Blackie here.”

The Scylla looked disapprovingly at the elves after Lark praised them. “Yes! Please leave it to us!”

“We’ll do our best to make a road connecting to this castle!” The Scylla snorted.

“God Evander,” said the first head. “These insects will just be a hindrance. Earth spirits? Bah! They’re nothing compared to an Earth Scylla!”

“What did you say?” one of the elves snapped upon hearing the Scylla insult their contracted spirits.
“It’s true, isn’t it? Can your spirits make a castle as majestic as this?” said the first head.

“The most they could probably do is make a bump on the ground!” sneered the seventh head.

The rest of the Scylla’s heads started chuckling, as though it was the most hilarious thing they’d ever heard. Even the third head was openly showing its dislike of the five elves, especially after Lark uttered his praises for them.

The elves were livid. One of them even started putting his hands on the quiver, ready to pull out an arrow.

Lark immediately moved to pacify them. “Now, now. Let’s get along, shall we? Blackie, with King Melandrach gone, these five elves represent the elven kingdom. I want you to treat them with respect. And you are not allowed to harm them, no matter what. Do you understand?”
“B-But we can create the road on our own!” protested the first head.

“That’s right! We don’t need these elves to help us!” said the second head.
Lark cast an apologetic glance at the elves. With a stern voice, he repeated to the Scylla, “Do you understand?”

The Scylla lowered its heads glumly. “Yes. We… We won’t harm these elves, God Evander. Please leave the creation of the road to us.”

Lark sighed. “I’ll visit every now and then. Cooperate with the elves. You can destroy some trees, but be sure to keep the damage to the bare minimum, just enough to create a path, a road. And you absolutely must not harm any elven oaks.”

“Yes, God Evander.”

Lark nodded in satisfaction. At least now, he’d no longer have to worry about the Scylla ‘accidentally’ killing the elves. Furthermore, he’d no longer have to worry about the Scylla greatly damaging the forest. He’d promised King Melandrach that he would keep the damage to the bare minimum, after all.

After giving several more instructions to the Scylla, Lark finally went back to Blackstone Town. Only the Scylla and the five elves were left in the castle. Now that they were alone, the five elves wondered if they would suddenly be eaten by the seven-headed monster. But to their surprise, a rift in the illusion spell opened, and a path leading to the outside appeared.

“We shall start making the road immediately,” said the Scylla domineeringly.

Following behind the Scylla, the elves left the castle. The rift closed and they were finally back in the Endless Forest.

The elves looked at each other. They thought that maybe the creation of the road wouldn’t end in a tragedy as they’d initially thought.
But they soon realized that they were wrong.

To their horror, without warning, the Scylla started gathering vast amounts of mana, and using all seven heads, cast Grand Scale Magic. A colossal wind vortex started forming in front of the Scylla. It slowly grew in size as it continuously sucked in mana from the seven-headed monster. And the moment it reached a diameter of thirty meters, it shot forward, in a straight path toward the direction of the elven kingdom.

“W-What are you doing?”

“Oh, God Gaia!”
“Stop!”

“You’re destroying the forest!”

The elves’ shouts were muffled by the blast of wind. Trees were blown into chips and fragments and even the root-blanketed ground wasn’t spared by the spell. The Grand Scale Magic the Scylla had cast easily made a half kilometer long clearing on the ground.

“What, what is this? What did you do?” the oldest elf ran to the Scylla and started kicking its legs. He was fuming with rage and no longer considered the consequences of aggravating the seven-headed monster. “The trees! You! You destroyed the forest!”

“Stop yapping. I’m creating the road,” said the Scylla. “And stop asking the obvious, damn insect.”

The elves opened and closed their mouths. They were stunned speechless by the Scylla’s flawed logic.

Making roads? This seven-headed monster had just destroyed over a hundred trees with a single spell!

“My master told me that this is the best way. The fastest way,” said the Scylla with pride. “Indeed, the master is wise. It’ll be easier to make the road now, isn’t that right?”

The Scylla stared at the elves and added, “And worry not, we’ll use a weaker spell if an elven oak is nearby.”
Ignoring the dumbstruck elves, the Scylla started hardening the clearing it had made using magic. Astonishingly, despite its tendency to destroy everything in its path, the Scylla was incredibly dexterous in earth magic. It skillfully manipulated the soil as it created the road.

A realization dawned unto the elves.

“Were you the one who made that castle?” breathed one of the elves.

The Scylla looked at the elves. The seven-headed monster looked at them as though they were pitiful creatures who couldn’t even comprehend something so glaringly obvious. The Scylla snorted and didn’t utter another word. It shouldn’t have expected much from these… things.
God Evander said that he would visit this place every now and then. The Scylla vowed to make a grand road, something that would shame even that of an empire, for him.
The Scylla looked forward to the day when he would see the road it had created.

***

[Lion City]

Big Mona hummed as he flipped through the Merchant Guild’s ledger in his hand. He could still vividly remember the incident in Mavas City several weeks ago.

“That fool,” chuckled the fat merchant. “He should have stored them at different granaries. How stupid.”

A few months ago, Mavas City had suffered an arson attack. The lord’s castle burned to the ground, and all of the food stored inside—meant to feed the people during winter—was engulfed by the flames, reduced to nothing but dust.

Although Big Mona held no solid evidence yet, according to his intelligence network, this was most probably the work of Black Midas. The most powerful underground syndicate of the kingdom.

Mavas City was ruled by Lord Hais. After his death, his eldest son acceded the role. Unfortunately, his eldest son’s rule was short-lived. All of Lord Hais’ children, including his wife, died in the fire. Big Mona surmised that all of this was done to prevent any more information regarding Black Midas from leaking out. As expected of the underground syndicate—they were thorough in eliminating any trails they’d left behind.

“Where there is tragedy, there is profit!” Big Mona smirked. “I’ve got to hand it to those arsonists! Well done! Well done!”

Big Mona thanked the arsonists from the bottom of his heart. Because of this incident, he’d managed to sell all of the wheat and meat he’d bought from Blackstone Town at several times its original price. The citizens of Mavas City—the city where Lion City used to import their grains from— even went as far as selling some of their children to survive.

“Big Mona, Sir,” said his administrative assistant. “We’ve received a letter and a parcel just now. I believe you may want to look at it, Sir. It’s from the Lord of Blackstone Town.”
“The Lord of Blackstone Town?” Big Mona’s eyebrow twitched. He put down the ledger and said in a gleeful voice, “From Lark Marcus, my dearest partner? Bring it to me. Immediately.”

“Yes, Sir.”

Big Mona’s belief that Lark Marcus was an undug goldmine had already been solidified after he came back victorious from the war against the Empire. That young noble was simply too competent for his age, too ambitious. Just like Lui Marcus in his younger days.

The administrative assistant soon came back carrying a parcel and a letter. He handed it to the fat merchant obsequiously.

Big Mona opened the letter first and read its contents.

If you’re interested in these items, come to Blackstone Town.

A single line, but it was more than enough to pique Big Mona’s interest. He quickly unwrapped the parcel and opened the box. Contained inside were a vial of an unknown liquid, several fruits the fat merchant had never seen before, and a strange fabric.

The fabric and the fruits were definitely unusual, but what concerned Big Mona the most was the vial. It was the same container used for middle-grade potions. But unlike the red liquid seen in middle-grade potions, the liquid sloshing inside this one was yellow.

“D-Don’t tell me.”

Big Mona shuddered when a certain thought crossed his mind. He immediately wanted to try it out. He wanted to confirm if his suspicions were true.

“Summon one of the slaves here!” said Big Mona, his eyes still glued to the vial. “Now!”

“Which slave, Sir?” the assistant said hesitantly.

Big Mona glared at him. “Are you stupid? Any of them! If that scrawny kid cleaning the drawing room is still there, call her! And a sword! Bring a sword!”

“Y-Yes!”

The assistant ran outside the room and soon came back with a scrawny girl. Although she was wearing clean clothes—the same ones used by the
maids tasked to clean the rooms—her skin looked greasy, as though she hadn’t taken a bath for weeks.

Big Mona grinned impishly upon seeing her. “William. The sword. Stab her.”

The girl trembled upon hearing this. Tears started forming in the corners of her eyes as color drained from her face.

“Pardon?” The assistant was greatly perturbed by the order.

“I said stab her. Just make sure she doesn’t die immediately,” said Big Mona. “What? You’re going to disobey my order? Should I stab you instead, is that it?”

The administrative assistant was horrified. He instinctively took a step back.

The girl looked at the assistant pleadingly. She croaked, “P-Please don’t!”

“This softy! She’s just a slave! What are you hesitating for?” snarled Big Mona. “Here, give it to me!”

Big Mona forcefully grabbed the sword from the assistant, unsheathed it, and without hesitation, stabbed it into the girl’s stomach. Big Mona pulled out the sword and blood spurted out. The woman immediately fell to the ground and started coughing up blood.

“S-Sir! What, what are you doing?” said the assistant.

Big Mona ignored him. He took out the vial, uncorked it, and shoved the contents down the girl’s throat. After a few seconds, the girl’s complexion visibly brightened. There was a hint of confusion on her face as she stared at Big Mona, then at the place where she had been stabbed.
“The wound closed,” mumbled the fat merchant. “It healed even faster than when I used the middle-grade potion. The potion’s limit, what is it?”

Using the sword, Big Mona cut off the girl’s index finger. The girl screamed but Big Mona simply ignored her. He stared intently at the new wound. Just like before, the wound closed over in mere seconds.

Big Mona clicked his tongue in dismay. “It’s incapable of regrowing body parts, huh?”
Big Mona cut off another of the girl’s fingers, but this time, reattached it. To his delight, the cut finger reattached itself in mere seconds. He ordered the slave to move her fingers and they all moved without any problems at all.

Big Mona chuckled.

The Lord of Blackstone Town was indeed a gold mine. And this time, he’d presented a potion far more potent than the ones before. Just the thought of selling these to the kingdom made the fat merchant shudder in ecstasy. With this, his dream of becoming a more prominent merchant than the Vont Family had become closer to reality.

Big Mona couldn’t wait to meet Lark Marcus once again. His beloved partner.

“William, prepare the carriage,” said Big Mona. “I shall depart for Blackstone Town immediately.”
AFTERWORD AND WHERE TO FIND ADVANCE CHAPTERS

First of all, I would like to thank everyone for buying the sixth installment of the novel. If you like my work, please take the time to leave a review. The algorithm of Amazon requires a certain number of reviews before they start promoting my work. Every review is greatly appreciated.

You can find the drafts of the novel (and some art) on my Patreon page:

patreon.com/crazyblackchili

And you can read the chapters on Tapas (although Patreon and Amazon are way ahead of the releases compared to that site).

A big shout out to my Patrons! This isn’t much, but I hope to at least immortalize your names in this book: Adams, Bigtree, Elfie, Marr, Forge, and Borchers. Thank you very much ^_^

-chili

VOLUME 7: PROLOGUE PART I

VOLUME 7: PROLOGUE PART II

VOLUME 7: PROLOGUE PART III

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 1

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 2

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 3

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 4

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 5

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 6

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 7

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 8

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 9

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 10

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 11

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 12

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 13

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 14

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 15

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 16

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 17

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 18

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 19

VOLUME 7: CHAPTER 20

VOLUME 7: EPILOGUE





VOLUME 7: PROLOGUE PART I

[Demon Realm—Capital of the Kingdom]
Naberius, Lord of the Fire Giants, couldn’t believe his eyes. The horn of his master, kept inside the treasure room for hundreds of years, had broken free from its chest. It was currently hovering in front of him, surrounded by a small, translucent, dome-shaped barrier. The broken horn was quivering, its tip pointing south. Toward the Great Cavern.

This was the first time something like this had happened in more than a thousand years. It could only mean one thing: Barkuvara, one of the three most powerful demons in history, was close to waking. Something must have happened to the ice prison for the horn to have such a reaction. Naberius surmised that a crack had finally formed on the seal binding the body of his master.
A smile gradually formed on Naberius’ face.
“It seems that even the magic of Agreas couldn’t win against the passage of time,” said Naberius.
Agreas, also known as Agares among the humans, was the very same demon who sealed Barkuvara during the Descent more than a thousand years ago. And that wasn’t enough for the traitor, he also killed the next demon who ascended the throne.
Agreas and his Arzomos Tribe were the scourge of the demon race. The pathetic fools who sided with the humans.
Throughout the centuries, various demon tribes had tried killing the Arzomos, but they failed every time. Even the high demons couldn’t do anything when faced with absolute power. Agreas and Kel’ Vual—the current tribe leader of the Arzomos—were simply too strong, despite their age and the injuries they’d sustained throughout numerous battles.

But Naberius was certain that the Demon Realm would soon be turned upside down. Agreas and Kel’ Vual were reaching the end of their lives. And the moment his master woke up, the Arzomos Tribe would finally be wiped off this land.
Naberius called for one of the demons under his command.
“You called for me, My Lord?”
“Send a message to all of the tribe leaders. Tell them that a chance to unseal my master, the Demon Lord Barkuvara, has come.”

The servant trembled. “R-Right away!” ***
After receiving the message from the Lord of the Fire Giants, the leaders of the various demon tribes scattered all throughout the Demon Realm gathered in the capital. This was the greatest news they’d received for several centuries.
In the grand hall of Naberius’ castle, seven powerful demons gathered around a round table.
The Lord of the Sky Demons, Malphas.
The Lord of the Corrupted Land, Digtree.
The Lord of the Parasitic Demons, Plagas.
The Lord of the Wraiths, Azrath.
The Lord of the Sea Demons, Xazal.
The Lord of the Red Tower, Elrenar.
And lastly, the former right hand of the demon sealed inside the ice prison:
The Lord of the Fire Giants, Naberius.
Although several lords from minor tribes hadn’t answered Naberius’ call, the number of those gathered had already exceeded Naberius’ expectations. He hadn’t even expected six tribe leaders to show up. With this, it should be possible to pull off his plans.

“First, I must thank every one of you for coming to the capital,” said Naberius. Although his real appearance was that of a fifty-meter fire giant, he’d shrunk himself to human size to live in the capital.

The Lord of the Red Tower, Elrenar, clicked his tongue. “Stop with the pleasantries. All of us have already read the message.”
The Lord of the Sky Demons, Malphas, nodded her head in agreement. “You’ve told us that Barkuvara is going to wake up soon. The horn, show us.”
Naberius had anticipated that the tribe leaders would demand to see the broken horn of his master. He took out a chest and opened it, revealing the broken horn which floated up slowly.
All of the tribe leaders stared intently at the broken horn, at its quivering body, and at its tip, pointing in the same direction as the Great
Cavern. The place where the Arzomos village was located. The place where Barkuvara had been sealed by Agreas.
“It’s real,” the Lord of the Red Tower finally said.
“Of course.” Naberius closed the chest tight.
“Naberius, are you planning on attacking the Arzomos?” said the Lord of the Red Tower.
“That’s right.” Naberius looked at every one of the tribe leaders in the room. “The horn of my master is proof that he is close to waking up. All that’s left is an outside interference. The seal has greatly weakened. It should be easy now to destroy it from the outside. Furthermore, the portal to the Human Realm is also located inside the Arzomos village. If we succeed in this plan…”
The tentacles of Plagas—the Lord of the Parasitic Demons—squirmed from uneasiness. “The Arzomos are still guarding it. Although there are fewer than a hundred, Agreas and Kel’ Vual alone are enough to kill all gathered here in this room.”
“Agreas suffered grave injuries when he killed the Demon Lord Kalkarus. Although several hundred years have passed, it should still be impossible for him to have fully recovered from that battle,” said Naberius. “The only real threat is Kel’ Vual. That old demon who’s close to reaching the limit of his lifespan.”
Now that they thought of it, Naberius had a point. Although Agreas and Kel’ Vual were monsters capable of sealing one of the three strongest Demon Lords in history, they had become too old. Furthermore, Agreas had suffered grave injuries during his battles with the Demon Lords Barkuvara and Kalkarus. He was nothing but a shell of his former prime now.

“My tribe has run out of lands to corrupt,” said Digtree, the Lord of the Corrupted Land. “The portal to the human land protected by the Arzomos sounds… enticing.”
Xazal, the Lord of Sea Demons, shook her head in dismay. “I came here with high expectations. But, Naberius, if you do not have a concrete plan to win against the Arzomos, my tribe will opt out of this war.”

“Your father led the vanguard army during the Great War. It seems that unlike him, his daughter grew up as a coward,” sneered the Lord of the Corrupted Land.
Xazal raised her long, scaly tail and pointed its tip threateningly at Digtree. “Unlike you, my tribe will not benefit from this war. The sea of the
Demon Realm is vast. We have no need for the portal to the human land. Consider this: Even if Agreas is old and injured, he’s still the demon who sealed the Demon Lord Barkuvara and killed Demon Lord Kalkarus. Don’t be foolish! All of you will die if you attack the Arzomos village now.”

“That remains to be seen. And think about this, Xazal, you and your tribe will lose the favor of Barkuvara when he wakes,” said Malphas.

“It doesn’t matter.” Xazal stood up, unperturbed by the Lord of the Sky Demons’ remark. She looked at Naberius for a moment, then left the room, leaving the six tribe leaders behind.
Naberius was untroubled despite this, as though he’d expected at least one of them to leave.
“If there is anyone else who wishes to leave…” Naberius said as he scanned the faces of everyone in the room.
“Only short-sighted fools like Xazal will opt out of this war even after seeing the broken horn,” said Elrenar. “The Red Tower will send two hundred thousand demons. But under one condition.”
“A condition,” said Naberius. “What is it?”
Elrenar licked his lips. “The bodies of Agreas, Kel’ Vual, and the rest of the Arzomos. I want them.”
Naberius had heard that Elrenar had been conducting a lot of gruesome experiments in the Red Tower for several hundred years now. He’d even heard that they’d managed to create the perfect chimera—a strong yet obedient monster capable of killing a high demon.

Under normal circumstances, Naberius wouldn’t have enlisted help from this lunatic. But the Red Tower was among the most reliable forces in the land right now.
“I promise to intercede on the Red Tower’s behalf once my master wakes up,” said Naberius. “As long as the master permits it, the bodies of all the Arzomos will belong to the Red Tower after the war.”

Elrenar grinned and laughed. “Don’t go back on your word, Naberius! Finally! The corpse of an Arzomos!”
Naberius locked eyes with Malphas.
She said, “I will mobilize all of the sky demons under my command.” Naberius was satisfied with her answer. “My master is benevolent. You

shall be handsomely rewarded for this favor,” said Naberius.
“I’ll look forward to it,” said Malphas, her voice soothing to the ears.
Plagas rubbed his chin with his tentacles. He was still reluctant. After all, the Arzomos Tribe was among the three strongest tribes in the Demon Realm.
Should he participate in this battle and earn the favor of Barkuvara? As the weakest tribe leader in this room, Plagas was not confident of surviving if the leader of the Arzomos chose to target him.

Plagas carefully considered the pros and cons of the battle. Eventually, he came to a decision.
“Very well,” Plagas said. “My parasitic demons will also lend their strength in this war.”
The Lord of the Corrupted Land touched the table using his fingertips. The part that made contact with his fingers formed cracks, before turning to dust.
“My interest lies not in the demon sealed in the ice prison,” said Digtree. “The portal to the Human Realm. I want unrestricted access to it.”

“Consider it done,” said Naberius. He turned to the last tribe leader, who’d remained silent until now—Azrath, the Lord of the Wraiths.

Seeing Naberius’ gaze, Azrath closed his eyes as he hesitated for a moment. He reluctantly said, “The wraith army will lend their aid to help unseal the Demon Lord Barkuvara.”
Naberius understood the reason behind Azrath’s hesitation. His master held animosity toward the wraiths before he was sealed by the Arzomos, over a thousand years ago. It was surprising that the Lord of Wraiths was participating in this attack since they’d suffered a lot during the reign of the Demon Lord Barkuvara.
“Like I said previously, the master is benevolent,” Naberius reiterated to Azrath. “He will surely return this favor.”
Azrath finally relaxed.
This was obviously what Azrath had been hoping for. Since it was only a matter of time before the Demon Lord woke up, the wraiths probably deemed it best to participate in unsealing Barkuvara, lest they suffer from his tyranny once again. No matter how cruel Barkuvara was, he still held the pride of an absolute ruler. He would surely show favor upon the tribes who helped unseal him from the ice prison.

Naberius spread his arms wide and declared, “And finally, my army. More than ten million lesser demons from the capital, and three hundred fire giants. A week from now, we shall launch an attack on the Arzomos
village.” Naberius paused and looked at everyone in the room. “This time, we shall unseal the demon trapped in the ice prison.”

VOLUME 7: PROLOGUE PART II

The eighty-seven remaining members of the Arzomos tribe were inside the Great Cavern, where the ice prison was located. After their sentries spotted the massive army headed their way, Agreas, the Elder of the tribe, issued an order for everyone to gather.
“I’m sure every one of you is aware of this already,” said Agreas. “A massive army is headed here as we speak.”
Every one of the Arzomos held grim faces as they listened to the Elder. Agreas touched the ice prison, and using his fingertips, traced the

cracks that had formed on it several days ago. Grey-black wisp seeped out of the cracks.
“Thankfully, Kel’ Vual and I have been preparing for this day for hundreds of years,” said Agreas. “All for the sake of the survival of the Arzomos tribe.”
Agreas looked at the current tribe leader of the Arzomos. A muscular demon with numerous tattoos on his body. “Isn’t that right, Kel?”

Kel’ Vual clenched his fists. “Is this really what you want, Agreas? I don’t mind dying here with you in this war.”
Agreas smiled and shook his head. “If you die, who will lead the survivors of our tribe? Unlike a crippled demon like me, you are still needed by the tribe. Kel, you know more than anyone else; you must survive.”
The tribe leader’s shoulders shook upon hearing those words.
“Luvart,” Agreas said to the young Arzomos next to the tribe leader.

“You still remember the dungeon we built underneath the lake, right?” “Yes, Elder.”
“Jaraxus should have raised several nests by now,” said Agreas. “Seek her help. Lead our people there. That dungeon will be our tribe’s haven.”

“I will do my best to lead them to the dungeon, Elder!” Luvart said resolutely.
Although he wanted to stay behind and defend the Great Cavern until his body turned to dust, he decided to heed the Elder’s commands. The Elder had decided to be the one to stay behind to alter the portal. It was apparent that he planned on dying here, for the sake of their tribe’s survival.

Looking back, Luvart realized the extent of the Elder’s insight. Realizing that the ice prison had greatly weakened and the sealed demon
would awaken imminently, the Elder quickly formulated a plan to ensure their tribe’s survival.
A few hundred years ago, the Elder entered the portal and journeyed through the Human Realm. In exchange for helping a human found his own kingdom, the Elder was given free rein and support over a piece of land. The Elder created a vast dungeon filled with monster-producing nests, which would serve as its guardians. A dungeon underneath a lake.

“Use this key to open the entrance to the dungeon.” Agreas handed Luvart a gemstone with inscribed runes. “Under normal circumstances, the entrance would only open during a full moon to limit the escape of the monsters created by the nests. But as long as you have that key with you, it should be possible to enter.”
Luvart carefully stored the key inside his pouch. He bowed to the Elder. “This key, I’ll use it well.”
Agreas gazed fondly at Luvart. The child had really grown splendidly.

His resolve was more than enough for him to be called a warrior.
“Kel, I’ll leave the young ones in your hands.”
Kel’ Vual placed his hand on Agreas’ shoulders and gripped it tight. “If you’re going to die, at least take Naberius with you. It’s about time for that bastard to die.”
Agreas chuckled. “Of course. I plan on doing exactly that. The demon army will be here soon. Go.”
The members of the Arzomos tribe clenched their fists and struck their chests in salute.
“We will never forget what you’ve done for us, Elder!” “We shall always be grateful for everything, Elder Agreas!”
After the warm farewells, the members of the Arzomos tribe started entering the portal deep within the cavern. After the last Arzomos had escaped, Agreas proceeded with his next plans.
Agreas activated the magic formations he and Kel’ Vual had been painstakingly creating for hundreds of years. Five thirty-meter magic circles came to life and started absorbing mana from the mana well below. Five pinnacle-grade spells wrapped around the two-hundred-meter portal and forcefully shrank it to a third of its size. After suppressing the portal, Agreas skillfully altered its coordinates. Even if by chance it became fully functional again, the demons that entered would find themselves right in the middle of the ocean, far away from human lands.
“I really wish I could see it,” Agreas laughed, “the look of despair on their faces when they try to enter the portal.”
Agreas still hadn’t fully recovered from the injuries he’d sustained in his battles against Barkuvara and Kalkarus. He knew that the moment he severed the pathway connecting the portal to the mana well underground, he would be left with little energy to fight against the massive army outside.

But this was something that must be done before he died.
Agreas touched the portal, and using his own mana, controlled the pinnacle-grade spells and started severing the pathway connecting the mana well to the portal.
The pathway resisted at first, but with Agreas’ skillful guidance, it was eventually destroyed.
The portal shrank even further the moment it lost its largest source of mana. Soon, it was only big enough to accommodate three carriages.

Agreas stared in satisfaction at his creation.
Without the mana well to fuel it, and with five pinnacle-grade spells suppressing it, only a limited number of demons would be able to cross over to the Human Realm. Smaller demons could probably enter, but it would be impossible for large demons to enter the Human Realm.

Before leaving the Great Cavern, Agreas cast one last look at the creature sealed within the ice prison. He knew that this would be the last time he would be seeing this demon.

***

Naberius and the other tribe leaders led the massive army marching toward the Great Cavern. If they included the flying demons in the sky, almost fifteen million demons were participating in this war. At the rear of the massive army were hundreds of thirty-meter tall fire giants.

Holding a wooden cane in his hand, Agreas stood right outside the Arzomos village as he watched the marching army close the distance.

When the demon army was only several hundred meters from the village, Naberius ordered everyone to halt. The lesser demons, flesh eaters, tormentors, parasitic demons, and wraiths stopped in their tracks. The sky demons hovered in the sky.
Sitting on the shoulder of a fire giant, Naberius looked at the old demon standing at the entrance of the village. He amplified his voice with magic. “It’s been a while, Agreas.”
Agreas also amplified his voice using a spell. He said in an unhurried, calm voice, “Indeed. How many years has it been?”
Naberius looked at the village. For some strange reason, it felt unnaturally empty.
“I don’t see Kel’ Vual and the other Arzomos,” said Naberius.
“Kel and the young ones left this village some time ago. You won’t find them here, Naberius.”
“They fled the village?” Naberius couldn’t believe it. Had he known that this demon, close to death, was the only one guarding the entrance to the Great Cavern, he wouldn’t have bothered bringing all of the tribe leaders here. He believed that the hundreds of fire giants and several millions of lesser demons from the capital would have been enough to suppress Agreas.
“Fled? No, I asked them to leave the Demon Realm,” corrected Agreas. “The warriors of our tribe are no cowards. Had I not insisted that they leave the Great Cavern in my hands, those brave warriors would have fought with me until their bodies turned to dust.”
Naberius was no fool. He realized that Agreas had done something to the portal. He wouldn’t have been as confident revealing that the other Arzomos had left this realm, otherwise.
“You! What did you do to the portal?” snarled Naberius.
“I wonder?” Agreas chuckled as he lightly tilted his head to the side. “Naberius, what would happen if the pathway connecting the portal to the mana well is cut?”
Naberius shuddered.
The answer was simple: the portal would continuously shrink in size, until it became small enough to prevent anyone from crossing over to the other realm.
Although closing the portal completely was impossible, cutting the supply of mana coming from the mana well was more than enough to limit entry into the portal.
But how did Agreas do it? Cutting the pathway connecting the mana well to the portal was no easy feat.
Naberius was enraged. “This old demon! Until the very end, you chose to side with those humans! This damn traitor!”
Naberius released the restriction spell binding his body. Slowly, he
turned into a fifty-meter tall fire giant—almost twice the size of the regular
fire giants at the rear of the army.

Naberius’ golem body was filled with flowing, molten lava, and fire continuously spewed out of the sockets of his eyes. Two large horns protruded from his forehead.
With a voice far deeper than before, he roared, “Kill him!”
The fire giants at the rear of the army also roared, and the sky demons above screeched. The flesh eaters jumped toward Agreas as the parasitic demons started burrowing themselves underground.

Naberius sent a telepathic message to the Lord of the Sky Demons. “Fly over the village and enter the Great Cavern. I’ll keep Agreas occupied.”
Malphas nodded her head and replied, “Understood.”
She flapped her wings then swooped down, but before she could even cross the village, a massive barrier suddenly appeared and barred her from entering the Great Cavern.
The pinnacle-grade barrier—Heaven’s Dominion—had been activated and was currently protecting the Great Cavern. Malphas fired several spells at it, but the barrier wouldn’t even budge.
Agreas grinned. “We’ve been preparing for this day for hundreds of years. Fools.” He roused the mana and miasma in his body and forcefully opened all of the pathways within his core. Like a raging river, mana gushed out of Agreas’ body and amplified his strength severalfold.

Agreas’ twig-like limbs grew bulkier, and the tattered wings on his back grew in size.
Without uttering another word, Agreas shot toward Naberius, reaching him in seconds. He grabbed his head, and despite the vast difference in size, slammed it toward the ground, creating a large crater upon impact.

The speed displayed by Agreas far exceeded anything they’d expected.

Even the Lord of the Fire Giants couldn’t react to his attack.
All of the demons who saw it were stunned at the surreal sight. A two-meter large demon had just thrown the fifty-meter giant to the ground.

And Agreas didn’t stop.
Before Naberius could even stand up, a massive ball of energy had already formed in Agreas’ hand. The ball of energy shot toward Naberius and upon making contact with his body, exploded into numerous shards of ice.
The fire shrouding the body of Naberius was rendered useless, as the ice continued encasing the Lord of the Fire Giants’ body.

“H-Hey, you’re kidding right?” said Malphas.
She’d heard that Agreas had never fully recovered from the injuries he’d sustained during the Great War. But what’s this? He took out Naberius with just two attacks.
“What are you fools doing?” Naberius shouted to all the demons around him. “Help me!”
The sky demons swooped and attacked Agreas from all sides. Several parasitic demons shot out of the ground and tried ensnaring Agreas’ body, while the tormentors swung their axes at him.

And all of them missed their target.
To their surprise, Agreas suddenly vanished. Malphas shuddered, her instinct was screaming that she should fly far away from this battlefield. She looked back, and to her horror, saw Agreas right next to her. Malphas released a flurry of attacks using her claws, but they did nothing but scratch the body of the old Arzomos.
Agreas grabbed Malphas’ hand.
“W-Wait! Listen to me!” said Malphas.
Her hand quickly turned into ice, and the freezing cold flowed through her whole body. She was certain that at this rate, she would meet the same fate as the Lord of the Fire Giants.
“Protect me!” Malphas shrieked at the top of her lungs.
Several sky demons heeded her call. They flew toward Agreas at a frightening speed, but the old Arzomos simply summoned thousands of ice spears and shot them toward the sky demons.
The sky demons who were impaled by the spell turned to ice, dropped from the sky, and shattered upon striking the ground.
Malphas was horrified at this sight.
Unlike the Demon Lord Barkuvara, the Immortal Demon , she wouldn’t survive the moment her body turned to ice.
Malphas squirmed as she tried breaking free from Agreas’ spell, but her body—half-frozen by the spell—refused to listen. Eventually, her whole body turned to ice.
Agreas clenched his fist, drew his arms back, and struck her with all his might.
Malphas’ frozen body shattered into numerous shards of ice upon impact, before falling toward the ground.
She saw the Lord of the Red Tower grinning as he watched her falling from the sky. The Lord of the Parasitic Demons had already hidden himself underground—as expected of a coward. The Lord of the Corrupted Land started summoning a corrupted tower. Only the Lord of the Wraiths tried to help her and Naberius, whose body was now almost completely encased in ice.
Damn it.
Had she known that she would meet a pathetic end here, she would have opted out of this war.
Moments before her death, she cussed at the other tribe leaders.

VOLUME 7: PROLOGUE PART III

Although he looked perfectly fine on the outside, Agreas could feel that his core was reaching its limit. The amount of mana he’d expended when he altered the portal, coupled with the injuries he’d sustained during the Great War had taken their toll on his body.
“I’ve become too old,” he muttered to himself.
He remembered the times when he was still in his prime. As a demon who specialized in ice magic, he was tasked by the former tribe leader to investigate the Frost Mountains of Yleonor over a thousand years ago. And there, he met that human.
Looking back, it was indeed one of the most exciting moments of his life. He remembered the times when they journeyed through Marut and visited various monster settlements in the wasteland. They ate together, fought together. A bond that transcended the boundaries of both races.

“With this, I’ve fulfilled my promise to him.” Agreas gently smiled as he reminisced.
He looked at the flock of sky demons surrounding him and at the sea of demons below.
Now that he’d managed to take down Malphas and Naberius, he decided to end everything using the strongest spell he could muster in his current state. He decided to take as many enemies down with him as possible.
Agreas started casting his spell and a colossal magic formation that covered a large portion of the sky manifested itself. Without hesitation, he poured all of his remaining mana into it, wringing his core dry in the process. The magic formation continued sucking the torrent of mana coming from Agreas. Slowly, Agreas’ muscular body reverted to its former twig-like state. He didn’t stop, even when he became nothing but skin and bones, even when the sky demons started attacking him and cutting his body with their claws.
And finally, the spell was activated.
The magic formation glowed brightly for a moment, shattered into numerous particles of light, and turned into a massive spinning vortex of ice.
“I’ll take at least half of you with me,” said Agreas.
This was his farewell gift, as the Elder of the tribe, to the other Arzomos who’d managed to escape.
He clasped his hands together as though in prayer and willed the ice vortex to swallow everything in sight. The sky howled as a massive hailstorm struck the region and quickly froze everything it touched.

Even the fire giants, who’d been trying to break Naberius free from the ice, were helpless against the attack. Several dozen of them managed to run away on time, but more than a hundred instantly turned to ice.

The leaders of the army issued the order to retreat, but it proved futile. The wraiths and tormentors quickly managed to move back, but most of the lesser demons, flesh eaters, and a third of the parasitic demons couldn’t evade the attack.
Even the corrupted tower that had been summoned by the Lord of the Corrupted Land froze before it could infest the ground.
Eventually, the ice vortex vanished and the hailstorm receded, revealing millions of frozen demons in its wake. The demons who saw this sight shuddered not just from the cold, but from sheer terror.

They wondered how strong that old demon had been in his prime. So, this was the might of the demon who sealed the Demon Lord

Barkuvara and killed the Demon Lord Kalkarus.
Even the Lord of the Fire Giants and the Lord of the Sky Demons were rendered helpless against his might.
They looked up to the sky and saw the demon who’d cast the catastrophic spell. He looked so shriveled, as though the spell sucked not only his mana but also his remaining lifeforce.
The old demon wobbled in the air, lost consciousness, and finally fell toward the ground.
“As expected of the one who sealed the Immortal Demon.” Elrenar, the Lord of the Red Tower, chuckled. His three faces, which had been stitched together, were smiling broadly. The first face was that of a lesser demon, the second was that of a beastman, and the third a grotesque-looking monster.
It was a well-known fact in the Demon Realm that the Lord of the Red Tower used to be a lesser demon before he became the monster he was today. But unlike those mindless brutes, Elrenar had been blessed with intellect far surpassing his peers. Despite being a lesser demon, using his own abilities, he rose in rank and eventually founded the Red Tower. A
place where he conducted experiments to satiate his never-ending thirst for knowledge.
Due to the limit in the lifespan of a lesser demon, Elrenar even went as far as merging himself with the body of a windigo—an ancient monster who could live for thousands of years. Even the beastman head he’d been using was a prominent figure who’d lived more than a thousand years ago. A beastman who once united all of the beastmen tribes.

Unlike the other tribe leaders, Elrenar had expected something like this to happen when he’d heard that only Agreas remained in the village. He ordered the tormentors under his command to move toward the rear of the army, preventing most of them from being swept up by the spell. Unlike the other armies, his tormentors were practically untouched.

‘ My beloved pet. Secure the bod y , ’ Elrenar gave a mental transmission to the creature hiding underground.
The creature had the head of a death worm, the body of a gryphon, and the core of a high-ranking parasitic nest.
A chimera.
The culmination of all the research Elrenar had done in the Red Tower. The strongest creature he had ever created. Elrenar was confident of surviving this war accompanied by this monster.
Under Elrenar’s command, the chimera quickly moved underground, as though it was running on flat ground. It unburrowed itself next to where Agreas’ body landed. Using its mouth filled with serrated teeth, it grabbed the unconscious body and brought it to its master.
The chimera gently placed the body of the unconscious old demon on the ground and gazed at its master with expectant eyes.
“Good work.” Elrenar stroked the monster’s head as he looked at the unconscious body lying on the ground.
Finally, he’d obtained the body of an Arzomos. And not just anyone— he’d obtained the body of one of the strongest in the tribe.
Judging by Agreas’ withered body and the faint mana oozing out of him, this old demon had very little time left to live. Since he was going to die anyway, why not become the Lord of the Red Tower’s fourth head?

Elrenar could already imagine how powerful he would become once he’d merged with this demon.
“Elrenar, we should kill him while we still have the chance,” said the Lord of the Corrupted Land.
Elrenar said, “No. It’s up to me to decide what will happen to this Arzomos.”
The Lord of the Corrupted Land glared at Elrenar. “Don’t be a fool. Didn’t we agree beforehand that we’ll be killing all of the Arzomos!”

Elrenar haughtily replied, “Now that Naberius is dead, we’re free to do whatever we want. This body, it’s mine. Instead of grabbing my prey, shouldn’t you focus on breaking the huge barrier protecting the Great Cavern instead?”
Indeed, right now, the pinnacle-grade barrier was still protecting the cavern.
The Lord of the Corrupted Land didn’t like what Elrenar was saying. In a deep voice, he spat, “Kill him. You’ve seen how dangerous that old demon could be.”
Although Elrenar could merge with an already dead body, according to his research, merging with a creature on its deathbed would always produce the most ideal results.
“I will,” said Elrenar. “But not until I’ve merged with the body of this Arzomos.”
The Lord of the Corrupted Land was clearly dissatisfied with Elrenar’s reply, but seeing the chimera by his side, he backed down. He clicked his tongue. “Do what you want.”
The Lord of the Corrupted Land looked around the battlefield. He roared, “Plagas! Where are you! Come out!”
From the ground, a tentacle demon squirmed out.
“You damn coward! There you are!” said the Lord of the Corrupted Land.
Plagas looked left and right. He stuttered, “I-It’s over, right? He’s… He’s dead, right?”
“How long are you going to keep hiding? Azrath already started breaking the barrier.”
Plagas looked at the entrance of the Arzomos village. Azrath had summoned tens of thousands of phantasms—a higher form of wraith—and ordered them to simultaneously attack the barrier protecting the cavern. Even the sky demons, flesh eaters, and the fire giants that had managed to survive started attacking the barrier.

Still, despite the number of demons trying to break it, the pinnacle-grade spell refused to budge an inch. It started forming cracks—but that
was it.

“That barrier was probably created using the mana from the mana well,” Elrenar concluded. “It’s even more powerful than your typical pinnacle-grade spell.”
Plagas looked at Elrenar, and upon seeing the withered demon he was carrying over his shoulder, he shrieked in terror. Color drained off his greasy face. “T-That’s! What are you doing? Why is that monster still alive?” shouted Plagas, his tentacles pointing at the unconscious demon Elrenar was carrying.
“Calm down, fool. He destroyed his core with that last attack,” said Elrenar. “Even a weakling like you should be able to kill him right now.” Although Plagas had several complaints, he chose to shut his mouth.

The chimera sitting next to the Lord of the Red Tower was too domineering. He was afraid of becoming its meal if he overstepped his bounds. Although Plagas was a high demon, he was still the weakest among the tribe leaders gathered here right now.
Elrenar grinned as he looked at the barrier. “Now, let’s free the so-called Immortal Demon, shall we?”
Elrenar issued out his commands. The hundreds of thousands of tormentors under his command, along with the chimera, joined in with the attack.
***
[Behemoth City—Capital of the Kingdom]
It had been several months since the king’s health had recovered. Thus, he decided to partake in the hunting competition, held annually at the end of spring.
At the forest edge near the capital, just outside the barrier, over a hundred nobles gathered. Accompanied by a guard and a few servants, they all held bows—while some of the younger ones brought knives and swords.

“There are a lot more nobles attending the competition this year,” remarked Marquis Carlos. The retired general stood by the king’s side and served as his personal guard. “Disgusting turncoats. Now that Duke Kelvin’s imprisoned in the dungeon and His Majesty has recovered his health, they’re trying to jump to the royal faction.”

“Isn’t that a good thing?” King Alvis said wisely, “Even if it’s only a pretext, as long as it brings peace to our people, shouldn’t we embrace it with open arms? When we were young, didn’t you hate me too, Carlos?”
Marquis Carlos didn’t expect the king to bring up the past like this. He awkwardly scratched his stubble. “I was still a kid back then, Your Majesty.”
King Alvis chuckled. “You even pointed your sword at me. What was it again? ‘You don’t deserve to be the crown prince! Someone like you! The spawn of that tyrant king!’”
The king skillfully mimicked the way Marquis Carlos had threatened him. Seeing the flushed face of the retired general, the king laughed heartily.
Marquis Carlos lowered his head and gazed at the ground in embarrassment. King Alvis patted his lifelong friend on the back. “But look at us now. We’ve been friends for four decades, right? These nobles too. Let’s give them a chance.”
King Alvis looked to where most of the nobles had gathered and saw several familiar faces.
“Carlos, what is the best archer of the kingdom doing here, in a hunting competition?” said the king.
Marquis Carlos frowned. “I didn’t invite Farsight, Your Majesty. He’s never attended a hunting competition before. That man… he hates crowded places.”
Elias ‘Farsight’, the best archer of the kingdom and one of the royal court magicians, was walking toward the king. Beside him were Priestess Thea and Lady Ropianna.
