The beastmen tried stabbing the armors, but their attacks simply bounced off the metallic plates. Some made dents, while some successfully stabbed through the gaps, only to realize they were hollow inside.

The suits of armor ignored the attacks. They all focused on the carts carrying the rations, burning each of them using the talismans.

“Damn it!” Kael used the weight of his entire body and struck the suit of armor near him. His axe pierced through the chest plate. The pair of yellow
eyes behind the visor of the suit of armor glared at him. It grabbed the axe and pulled it out. After a roar, it punched Kael right at the abdomen.
Kael managed to block the punch using his four arms. But to his horror, the punch carried enough strength to make him fly towards the nearby tree. He hit the trunk and splintered wood flew about. He coughed thrice as pain coursed through his entire body. He looked at his arms and realized that two of them broke after that single strike.

These suits of armors were monsters. Each of them had enough strength to rival the members of the Oni Tribe. Furthermore, they did not feel pain, making them a far more dangerous opponent.

Despite their overwhelming numbers, the beastmen were unable to stop the suits of armors from burning down the food supplies. Those that tried to grab them were sent flying with a punch, while the unluckier ones had their skulls crushed.

By the time the food supplies have all been burned down, the suits of armor ran towards the sea of trees, disappearing through the shadow of the night.

Chapter Twelve

Valak’s chest loudly pounded as he ran through the forest. Right now, they were being chased by those beastmen. Had he not known better, he would have mistaken those beastmen for monsters. He was sure that if those guys and the basilisks confronted each other, it would become a bloodbath. Those guys were that dangerous.

Looking at the other hunters, he realized that he was not the only one panic-stricken by now. At any moment, those guys were going to catch up to them. The mere thought of those axes cleaving them in half gave him the shivers.

I know this may seem impossible, but I want everyone to remain as calm as possible during our surprise attack. I want everyone to completely heed my instructions, no matter what.

Those words uttered by the Young Master before they commenced with the assault reverberated within his mind.

“You damn bastards! You scum! Stop hiding! Show yourselves! Where are you?!”

A loud shout echoed in the forest. Ravens flew in flocks as trees rustled.

The Young Master raised a hand, signaling everyone to stop and stay still.

The footsteps of their pursuers were getting near.

Everyone held their breaths, just like the time when they were hunting in the forest around Gahelpa Village. With their keen visions developed from hunting for several decades, they could already see the silhouettes of their enemies despite the darkness of the night.

The Young Master made a fist, and on cue, everyone channeled some mana into their bows and fired their arrows. The arrows whistled past the trees and perfectly struck their targets. Azura and his adjutants successfully blocked it using their weapons, while some of the beastmen were pierced right at the forehead. Several beastmen fell limp and lifeless on the ground in an instant.

“Over there!” shouted one of the beastmen.
Commander Azura’s veins popped and he ran towards the direction of the hunters, his speed bordering the absurd.

‘Do it like we’ve practiced,’ Valak reminded himself. ‘Trust the Young Master.’

The Young Master said, “Scatter.”

On cue, the hunters dispersed into two groups. Lark remained in his position while the rest of the hunters ran towards opposite directions.

Seeing this, Azura shouted at his men, “Don’t let the other humans get away! After them!”

The beastmen also divided themselves into two groups, each being led by an adjutant. They chased after the hunters. Azura, on the other hand, continued charging at Lark.

Lark purposefully leaked out his mana, making Azura target him personally. The Commander of the Vanguard knew that this young human was probably the leader of this small private army.

Upon reaching Lark, Azura raised his battle-axe into the air and slashed at the human. The speed of his strike created a small gust of wind.

“What?” Azura was baffled for a moment. He was sure he successfully struck his target, but now he realized it was nothing but an afterimage.

He turned around and saw Lark a good distance away from him, his hand holding a scroll. He opened it and channeled his mana into the runes engraved inside.

“The lizard we’ve captured was not lying, huh?” Lark smirked. “The Commander is indeed a musclehead. With the Vice Commander dead, this army’s nothing but a stringless puppet.”

The runes in the scroll glowed, before turning into flames and eventually dispersing into ashes. To Azura’s surprise, the sound of footsteps around them vanished entirely. He could no longer feel the presence of his men, nor those of the fleeing humans.

In this forest, there was only him and this young man.

“What did you do?” Azura frowned.
Lark shrugged. “There’s no need for you to know.”

Upon the utterance of those words, the figure of the young man slowly faded away, eventually disappearing into the night. Only his voice remained.

“You’re strong, indeed. I have no intention of using up all my mana for a musclehead like you, you see,” said Lark. “Let’s talk? I’ve heard that the United Grakas Alliance plans on invading the Eastern Region. Is there a way out of this?”

Azura snorted. This human was obviously buying enough time – but for what?

“It is a decree of the Beast King.” Azura rested his axe on his shoulder, his eyes swiveling left and right as he tried to locate the presence of the human. “His will is absolute. There’s no point in questioning it.”

There was a sigh. “There’s no point in questioning it? A typical answer of a musclehead. How disappointing.”

Azura’s non-existent brows twitched. He snarled, “This damn, puny human dares to…”

“It’s not even a year since I began implementing the new policies in my domain. I’ve been planning on making it self-sufficient within the next half a year, at the very least, you see. But if the United Grakas Alliance successfully crosses over to the Eastern Region, I’ll have no choice but to forcefully postpone my plans.” The human’s voice was ice cold. “To be frank, I have no interest in your war, whatever the reason is.”

Commander Azura still could not locate the presence. How was this possible? The magic of this human was comparable to the magic of Captain Stone.

“Human, come out!” Azura growled. “No matter what you do, there’s no stopping this war! Just like I’ve told you, the will of the Beast King is absolute! The United Grakas will reclaim the Eastern Region!”

The human momentarily paused. “Reclaim? I see. So this land once belonged to your people?”
“That’s right!” Azura grabbed his axe and swung it in the air once, creating a gust of wind. “But enough with this petty talk! Come out!”

Azura heard rustling sounds from his left. Soon, three figures emerged. All of them wore full plate armors, the cloaks they wore tattered. There was something eerie about these guys, but Commander Azura was unable to pinpoint it out.

“About time,” said the human. His figure slowly appeared from the darkness of the night. “This is war. You wouldn’t say that four versus one isn’t fair, right?”

Azura finally understood. This puny human was stalling for time for these guys to arrive. But what difference would it make? At the end of the day, humans would still be humans.

The suits of armor walked towards the young man and in unison, knelt down. The one at the middle groaned.

As though he understood what was said, the human nodded. “You’ve successfully completed the mission, huh? Good job.”

He placed a hand at the one at the middle, and the dents, scratches and holes in the armor closed in. He did the same for the other two, reverting them into their original states.

“Let’s start,” The human breathed. “I still have to annihilate the rest of the army after this, so I can’t spare you all of my mana.” He said to the three suits of armor, “Kill him.”

The suits of armor groaned, stood up, and started charging at Azura. It was a direct attack, without strategy or tactics involved.

“These guys are confident with their strength, huh?” Azura snorted. He found it funny that these three humans would even try to contest with him using only pure strength. “Come!”

The suits of armor swung their swords at him, and Azura immediately blocked it one after another using his battle axe. Using his three other arms, Azura would strike the suits of armor with his fist every now and then. Several dents were created on the armors, but his three opponents did now show any signs of taking damage.
What was happening? Shouldn’t the human inside the suit have some of his organs crushed by now?

Azura shook off his thoughts. It did not matter. As long as he kept pummeling these guys, they would eventually die. No matter how tough they were, they were still humans.

Azura gnashed his teeth, raised his battle-axe, and struck the body of the suit of armor next to him. His axe cleaved through half the armor. The feet of his opponent sank several inches deep into the ground from the tremendous impact.

But to his surprise, the suit of armor simply glared at him. It groaned, and stabbed him at the thigh using the sword.

Azura looked at the place where his battle-axe struck. There was no blood.

He realized it was hollow inside. He realized these guys were not humans.

“Damn it!” Azura roared and punched the suit of armor at the face. It flew into the air and hit the nearby tree, but immediately stood up and charged again at him afterwards.

Azura pulled out the sword stabbed through his thigh, making his blood spurt out. He tossed it onto the ground. This was nothing. He had been to more perilous situations before.

“There’s no way you guys are immortal!” roared Azura. “Come!”

The battle continued. The three suits of armor continued their attacks despite the dents and cuts in their bodies. Despite his injuries, Azura continued parrying the attacks, retaliating with deathblows every now and then. He could not even charge at Lark, who obviously commanded these puppets. Just blocking the attacks from these three monsters was taking his everything to survive.

After half an hour, the three suits of armor finally fell limp on the ground. Their bodies were cut and dented in several places. One of them tried standing up, before its body quivered and fell down the ground. The light inside their visors started dimming as inaudible groans escaped their lips. They all still wanted to stand up and fight for their master, but their bodies refused to move.
Azura, on the other hand, was still standing. He was huffing, his chest rising and falling rapidly. The battle-axe he held have several chips at the edge, while his entire body was riddled with several cuts and bruises. Blood dripped down the wounds, blanketing the ground he was standing on. Still, despite the injuries, the bloodlust in his eyes continued blazing.

Azura wiped the blood dripping down his mouth. “Now, you’re next, brat.”

Lark, who have been standing on the same place since half an hour ago, did not reply. He simply pointed a finger at the suits of armor lying on the ground. A thread of mana flowed from his finger tip and enveloped the suits of armor.

The suits of armor groaned, their armors clanked, and they started standing up. The cuts on their bodies started closing and the dents reverted.
Although this consumed a lot of mana, this was still far more efficient than using Middle Tier Magic to confront this Commander.

When the suits of armors were finally reverted to their original state, Commander Azura was in stupor. It took him everything just to survive the nonstop onslaught, and now he had to do it all over again, with this battered body of his?

He was livid. As expected, humans loved to play dirty.

“This damn coward,” he growled. “Stop hiding behind those puppets and fight me! Damn human!”

Lark did not bother to give a reply. He flicked his fingers and the suits of armor began their charge.

The three continued their assaults against the injured Commander. This time, the battle went quicker. In less than half an hour, the head of Commander Azura flew into the air, then dropped and rolled on the ground.

Lark noticed that there were tears at the corner of the beastman’s eyes. Was it rage? Frustration? Regret? He did not know. And there was no need to find the answer.

This was war. He needed to devour these invading bastards before they started touching his town.
Lark ordered one of the suits of armor to retrieve the head and put it inside a small leather bag.

Lark looked at the sky. “The moon’s beautiful tonight.”

Two down, three to go. It was finally time to hunt that lizardman bastard.

The one that almost killed Gaston.

Lark reserved his mana for this moment.

“Now, Captain Stone,” said Lark. “Where are you?”

Accompanied by his puppets, Lark disappeared through the shadow of the night.

Chapter Thirteen

After killing Commander Azura, Lark immediately regrouped with the hunters from Gahelpa. As he expected, the illusion magic easily worked against the Beastmen. This forest was dense, and with illusion magic to misdirect the opponents, it was easy making them lose their way out.

Lark noticed that one of the hunters had a cut on his back. He was profusely bleeding, his face pallid. He was probably struck by one of the beastmen during the escape, but thanks to Lark’s illusion magic, he managed to keep his life.

“Here,” Lark personally handed him a small vial. “Drink it. It’ll make you feel better.”

The man weakly took the vial, opened the cork and drank the contents. After several seconds, the wound on his back closed on its own. His face started regaining its color.

The man bewilderedly looked at the potion then at the Young Master. Lark ignored him. He said to Valak, “Sound the horn.”

Valak nodded. “You heard the Young Master! Sound the horn!”

Several hunters took out small pieces of horn from their pouches. After receiving the signal, they blew. A mellifluous sound, which reminded Lark of a growling Red Scar Bear, reverberated through the forest.

As the hunters continued blowing the horns, Lark pointed a finger towards the sky. He channeled his mana through it and an orb of fire, around the size of a fist, manifested itself at its tip. He breathed in and shot the orb of fire towards the sky, creating a transient trail of crimson.

Lark looked at the suits of armor standing nearby. The two groups of beastmen, each led by an adjutant, must be trying their best to find a way out right now.

“Let’s start,” said Lark. “We’ll hunt the beastmen scattered in this forest.” ***

After receiving instructions from the Young Master, the soldiers from Blackstone Town hid themselves in this part of the forest, a good distance
away from the campsite of the Beastmen. Everyone was clearly anxious of the upcoming battle. Although beastmen were treated as slaves in the Kingdom, everyone was aware that they were superior in strength when compared to humans.

“Captain Qarat,” whispered a soldier. “Is this really… alright? Those beastmen have greater numbers, right? If we charge at them now…”

We’ll die.

The soldier did not say those words out loud. He was afraid, and he knew that the others were the same.

“We’ve fought with Goblins before, right?” said Captain Qarat. “It’ll be just like that time. Just do what we’ve been doing during training and we’ll be fine.”

Qarat knew that this was not true. He knew that there was a vast difference between Goblins and Beastmen. But keeping the morale of the soldiers was more important right now. He looked at Anandra, who calmly leaned next to a tree. He had been looking at the sky this entire time.

Suddenly, the sound of a horn reverberated through the forest. At the sky, a thread of crimson flew past by.

Everyone stiffened. This was the signal the Young Master told them beforehand.

The thread of crimson flew towards the east. The direction they should head to.

“Assemble the spears!” said Anandra.

“Yes, Commander!”

With practiced movements, the soldiers assembled the spears. It spanned two meters in length, the edge of its blade jagged to increase the damage. On the waist of each soldier, a short sword dangled.

“Move out!”

With Anandra at the lead, the soldiers started moving through the sea of trees. They moved towards the direction the crimson thread in the sky pointed at.
Anandra signaled everyone to stop. He unsheathed his sword and with quick movements, ran through the forest. After five minutes, he returned. The blade of his sword had blood clinging to it.

“I’ve taken care of the scouts,” said Anandra. “I’ve seen their camp. Just like the Young Master predicted, they are preparing to move out.”

As time went by, Anandra could not help but be in awe with the Young Master’s foresight. Everything until now had already been predicted by the Young Master beforehand. Even the route the beastmen were going to take had been taken into account, and various strategies to deal with it had been prepared. If someone told Anandra that the Young Master was the second coming of Rurukashu, the God of War, he would have believed it.

After killing the scouts, under the guidance of Anandra, the soldiers started encroaching the camp. Now, they only have to wait for the next signal before they commenced with their attack.

From their position, they could hear several shouts.

“Captain Stone!” snarled Kael. “Are you out of your mind?! You’re telling us to abandon Commander Azura here? In this damnable forest?! Is that it, huh?!”

Kael unsheathed his scimitars. Tension filled the air as the beastmen around them watched. The silence that followed was deafening.

“That’s right,” said Stone eventually. “You’ve seen the corpse, right? It’s definitely the body of Commander Azura. There’s no mistaking it. Kael, I’m not sure what happened to the warriors who left to chase after those humans – but there’s a very high chance that they’re all dead by now.”

His statement made the beastmen in the camp shiver. There was a clearly horrified look on their faces.

“You damn lizard!” roared Kael. He charged towards Stone then swung his four scimitars. Stone nimbly dodge it left and right.

“From thy light, shadows emerge. Blend,” chanted Stone. Slowly, his figure disappeared. “Listen, Kael. Think about it. If we all die here, there would be no one to notify General Urkawi. Dead men tell no tales! You’re the only officer we have left! These Ogres will not listen to me, an outsider!”
Kael hesitated for a moment. Still, the rage within his eyes continued to blaze. “Is that the same reasoning you had when you abandoned your men in Blackstone Town? Out of the entire Scouts, only four of you came back. Isn’t that right? How pathetic!”

Despite the ridicule, Stone remained unperturbed. He stood his stance.

“Unlike the Vanguard, the role of the Scouts is reconnaissance. Even if we have to sacrifice several lives, we have to live, return and report back! You should realize this by now! We’ve been too far focused on Alexander that we failed to realize that he’s not the only dangerous human in this Kingdom!!”

Kael looked at the beastmen in the camp. Everyone’s morale went down after hearing that Commander Azura had died. Although it was not yet truly confirmed since the head was missing, the body they found in the forest greatly resembled those of the Commander’s.

And now, this lizardman was telling everyone to regroup and return to the Main Army’s camp.

Everyone was torn between the choices.

Silence befell everyone.

“We’re not turning back,” said Kael, finally. “If Commander Azura’s really dead, then we’ll gladly follow him to the grave. Isn’t that right, everyone?!”

The beastmen around him clenched their fists. “That’s right! We’ll follow the Commander until the very last!”

Stone deactivated his magic, revealing himself. He sighed. “Molith, Salith!” Two lizardmen replied in unison, “Yes!”

“Untether the Burrcats! We’re leaving!” The lizardmen saluted. “Understood!”

Stone sighed once again. “Won’t you reconsider? There’s no point in dying here.”

Kael snorted. “Leave. We don’t need cowards like you.”

The lizardmen soon arrived with the Burrcats. Stone mounted one of them. “I see. It’s regrettable.” He paused and looked straight at Kael’s eyes. “I
don’t hate you, Kael. But this is where we part.”

Just when Stone and his men were about to move out, arrows flew from the sky and struck several beastmen. The Burrcats purred. Metallic sounds echoed as the beastmen unsheathed their weapons.

“We’re under attack! Everyone! On your guard!”

Kael looked left and right. “Damn it! What were the scouts doing?!”

As arrows continued raining down, the sound of a horn was heard. The soldiers of Blackstone Town used that as the cue. They emerged from the shadows of the trees, each of them holding their spears.

“We’re surrounded,” Stone clicked his tongue. “Lizardmen! Follow me! We’re getting out of this place!”

Stone slapped the reigns and the Burrcat sped up. Behind him, the other lizardmen followed. They ran towards the east, the only opening in the encirclement, eventually disappearing from sight.

After Stone and the lizardmen left, the battle in the camp quickly became a melee. The suits of armors from before appeared and started killing beastmen left and right. As they were instructed, three Blackstone Soldiers engaged a single beastman warrior. This way, they were able to bridge the gap in physical strength and experience.

Lark immediately targeted the remaining adjutant. It was a swift encounter.

He did not give the remaining officer a chance to prepare and retaliate back.

Soon, Kael’s head flew into the air and rolled on the ground.

After seeing the adjutant die, the remaining beastmen went into rage and recklessly charged towards the Blackstone Soldiers. Groans, growls, and cries of rage reverberated as metal clashed against metal. The scent of blood strongly permeated the air.

With no one to lead them, the beastmen easily fell into the hands of Lark and the rest of the soldiers. It was a bloodbath.

After the last beastmen fell, Anandra approached Lark. “Young Master, it seems that some lizardmen managed to escape.”

Lark looked at the campsite littered with corpses. “I know. But it’s fine. I’ve prepared a trap before coming here. We’ll be able to catch up to them in no
time.”

The Vanguard Army definitely passed through the area filled with Magic Poison, the lush forest that was now dead and filled with miasma. They must have not noticed it, but the reason why the Blackstone Soldiers who lacked battle experience were able to kill these beastmen was because of this.

It takes a while before the symptoms of Magic Poisoning becomes evident, but all of these beastmen were definitely poisoned, each of them unable to fight with their full potential.

Those lizardmen would soon feel the effects of Magic Poisoning once it aggravated. It would be easy to catch and kill them by then.

“For now, focus on treating the wounded!” He said to the soldiers. “Yes, Sir!”

Lark said to Captain Qarat, “How many soldiers died?” Qarat bit his lips. “Eight soldiers, Young Master.”

Despite the preparations made beforehand, several soldiers still died. It was a really small number, if they took into account the enemies this time. If not for Lark, Anandra, and the suits of armor looking out for the Blackstone Soldiers, there would have probably been more casualties.

Lark saw some of the Blackstone Soldiers kneeling and crying next to the corpses. Since the population of the town was really small, everyone knew each local by name or face. Their sense of loss must have been much greater.

But this was a necessary sacrifice. They need to protect their home using their own strength.

These soldiers need to experience what the battlefield was like. An unsheathed sword was nothing but an ornament.

“Recover the dead bodies of the Blackstone Soldiers,” said Lark. “We’ll hold a burial ceremony for them once we get back.”

“Yes.” Qarat bowed his head.
“Anandra," said Lark. “I’ll chase after the lizards that escaped. You shall be in-charge of the Army.”

“Understood!”

Lark looked at the dead bodies of the beastmen scattered on the ground. “Also, I want you to cut off the heads of all the beastmen and bring them back to the town. I have a use for them later.”

Anandra did not question Lark’s order. He simply bowed his head. “As you wish.”

Lark looked at the east. The direction where the lizardmen fled. “Now, it’s time to chase those lizard bastards.”

Chapter Fourteen

[At the same time when Lark and the Blackstone Soldiers were battling with the Vanguard Army]

The assassin group from Black Midas, the Blood Tachi, made their way towards Blackstone Town. Above, a sparrow made of light flew, leaving a trail of white behind. There was no tracking magic more reliable than this. As long as this sparrow existed, it would eventually lead them towards the place their target previously visited. They relentlessly moved through the plains, eventually arriving at a forest.

“Hey, we’re getting farther from the main road,” said one of the assassins.

Everyone noticed it too, but they continued following the sparrow made of light, regardless. There must have been a reason why it was leading them towards this certain place.

“Stop.” Alfonse raised his hand and everyone halted. The sparrow seemed to have understood it too, as it simply hovered above, flapping its wings.

“Leader?” said Seth.

Alfonse placed a hand on the hilt of his sword. He vigilantly looked around the forest, as though waiting for a monster to pounce at them. He slowly walked towards a nearby tree then touched its bark.

“This is…” mumbled Alfonse. He knocked on it, creating thud sounds. “It has completely turned into a rock.”

Seth narrowed her eyes. “Stone Morphosis Spell? But why use it on a tree? That’s a high tier spell that consumes a lot of mana.”

Alfonse nodded. “Or Petrification Spell. Those two are the only possibilities.”

Seth and the rest of the assassins understood the implications. They all realized the possibility of encountering a strong magician in this forest. After all, those two spells mentioned by the leader were High Tier Spells. Only those near the rank of Royal Court Magician were capable of using it.

“Is it Lark Marcus?” Seth giggled. She felt a hot sensation flowing through her skin the moment she realized this possibility. “If he’s the one who
turned that large tree into stone, then we’ll definitely have a fun time killing him! I can’t wait!”

Alfonse sighed. He’d been with her for three years now. He knew that out of all the members of Blood Tachi, Seth was the one who enjoyed slaughter the most. “Enough. Everyone should be on their guard. We might suddenly get attacked by that magician any moment now.”

The members of Blood Tachi nodded.

“Seth,” said Alfonse. “Lead us there.”

“Yes, Yes!” Seth breathed in. She willed the sparrow made of light to move once again.

After moving through the forest for several hours, they arrived at a village. Everyone was vigilant upon seeing the broken gate, splintered woods, scattered arrows, and the traces of blood on the ground.

The marks indicated that a battle had taken place here, at least a week ago, maybe even more than that.

The sparrow of light flew inside the village. Everyone looked at the leader. “Be on your guard,” said Alfonse. “We’ll go inside.”

Upon entering the village, they realized it was abandoned. There was not a single trace of a living being in this place. Several furniture and equipment were left behind, as though everyone were in a hurry to escape the village.

“What happened here?” said one of the assassins.

This was the same question that ran through everyone’s mind. The sparrow landed at the door step of a cabin. It indicated that their target, Lark Marcus, once stayed in this particular place.

Why did he stay here? What made everyone evacuate this place? What kind of battle took place in this village?

So many questions without an answer.

Everyone looked around the village.

“He’s no longer here.” Alfonse arrived at this conclusion.

Seth clicked her tongue in disappointment.
“Lead us to the next trail of the target,” said Alfonse.

“Okay~” Seth opened her palm. The sparrow flapped its wings several times, flew about for a few moments, then landed on her hand. Seconds lingered and it turned into particles of light.

“Hey, you still have some of those, right?” Seth said to the assassin next to her. “Give it to me.”

The assassin pulled out a small piece of cloth cut from a tunic provided by the inn. One of the possessions left behind by Lark. An item once used by their target.

Seth was about to cast her incantations when a hissing sound reverberated in the village. Everyone immediately placed their hands on the hilt of their swords, their eyes vigilantly looking around.

The hissing sound intensified. Soon, its source made its appearance.

“What the hell is that?” breathed one of the assassins.

It was a colossal snake spanning more than fifty meters in length, probably even reaching more than a hundred, they were not sure. Its body was large enough to swallow an entire horse whole, and its scales which glimmered from the sun gave semblance to plate armors.

But the members of Blood Tachi noticed something peculiar: looking carefully, they could see numerous cut marks covering most of its body. The marks were almost inconspicuous after it healed, but it was there.

“Great,” sighed Seth. “We’re here trying to find that damn noble, but now we’re supposed to face that monster?”

“Seth, shut up,” said Alfonse. He unsheathed his sword. “All of you, prepare for battle. Judging by its size, it’ll be hard to escape from it in this forest. We’ll suffer casualties if we let it run behind our backs. We’re killing it here and now.”

Unsheathing sounds reverberated. The colossal snake hissed. It’s slit-like eyes glared at the humans before it.

“This should be a piece of cake,” said Seth. “Those cut marks were clearly from a sword. Those scales looked really tough, but it’s not impenetrable.”
“Scatter!” shouted Alfonse.

On cue, the members of Blood Tachi scattered. The colossal snake angrily hissed upon seeing this. It swiveled its head left and right, before eventually deciding to attack Alfonse. It lunged at the leader of the assassins, its mouth broadly opened as it attempted to swallow him whole.

Alfonse jumped to his left and evaded the attack. He gripped the hilt of his sword tight, and after clenching his teeth, struck at the snake’s body.
To his surprise, he did nothing but scratch its scale.

The other members of Blood Tachi used this opening. They immediately dashed forward and released a barrage of attacks at the colossal snake. The monster angrily hissed, opened its mouth, then spat out a viscous green fluid.

One of the assassins failed to evade on time. His left shoulder was struck.

“Ahhhhh!” he wailed. The part where the green fluid struck sizzled. Slowly, his entire left arm detached itself and fell to the ground. The assassins who saw this were horrified.

“It’s corrosive!” shouted Alfonse. “Don’t let even a drop of that thing hit you!”

The assassin whose left arm was severed tried to run away, but the monster noticed him. It lunged at him and opened its mouth wide, swallowing him whole. Everyone heard the man’s muffled shouts as it was swallowed by the snake into its belly. Several seconds lingered and the muffled shouts disappeared completely.

“Shit! What the hell is that thing?!” one of the assassins spat. “And we can’t even wound it!” He gripped the hilt of his sword and glared at the blade. “This damn, useless sword!”

“Enough,” said Alfonse. He said to the man next to him, “Oliver. Can you pin him down for us? A few seconds should be enough.”

The assassin nodded. “Understood!”

“I don’t know what kind of monster this thing fought before, but those cut marks on its body haven’t completely healed yet,” said Alfonse. He shouted, “Everyone! Once Oliver pins him down with magic, stab the
places with cut marks! Those haven’t fully healed yet! We’ll definitely be able to penetrate its scales!”

Everyone readied their weapons. Oliver spread both his hands wide and channeled his mana through the air. “Oh Goddess Maruna! Struck thy enemy with your wrath! Shackle it with your might!” He roared, “Bind!”

Chains made of wind magic manifested itself. More than half of Oliver’s mana was used just to cast this single spell. The chains coiled around the colossal snake’s body, then latched itself into the ground. The snake tried to slither, but the chains bound its movements.

“Now!” snarled Alfonse.

The assassins immediately leapt into the air and stabbed the body of the colossal snake. Just like their leader predicted, the parts previously wounded before have not completely healed yet. Their swords managed to penetrate it.

They did not know who managed to cut the scales of this monster before, but thanks to him, they now have a chance of killing this beast. They used this chance to plunge their swords deeper into the wounds, making the snake hiss in agony. It tried moving its head left and right, but the chains held it in place.

After several seconds, the chains made of wind formed cracks then shattered into numerous pieces. The snake shook its body violently and tried to bite off the assassins clinging on its body. With trained movements, the assassins pulled out their swords and scattered out.

Blood profusely dripped down the wounds of the colossal snake. The light in its eyes started dimming as it tried to remain standing.

“This thing’s huge,” chuckled Seth. “But it’s weak.”

“What do we do next, leader?” said Oliver. “I can’t cast the binding spell again. I’ve used up almost all of my mana.”

“It’s fine,” said Alfonse. “It’s almost dead. We’ll just wait it out.”

True to his words, the colossal snake angrily hissed for one last time, before its body fell on the ground. Dust flew upon impact.
Alfonse slowly walked towards it. Without hesitation, he stabbed both its eyes to make sure it was dead. He flicked his sword, clearing it of blood, and sheathed it.

Unlike Seth, he did not believe this monster was weak. If not for its previous injuries, they would have probably not beaten it. Or even if they did, they would have suffered more casualties. He felt somehow thankful to the one who wounded this monster.

“It’s regretful that one of us died, but we still have to complete our mission,” said Alfonse. “Seth, your magic.”

Seth brushed off the dust that clung to her black clothes. “Yes, yes.”

She chanted her magic, and another sparrow made of light manifested itself.

It flapped its wings as it hovered before its summoner.

“Lead us to that place,” she said. The sparrow slowly flew towards the northwest.

“Let’s go,” said their leader.

Everyone was about to leave the village when another hissing sound echoed. They all reflexively pulled out their weapons then jumped away from the direction of the snake’s corpse. They realized it was not where the hissing sound came from.

“Another one?” Alfonse was grim.

Just like he speculated, another colossal snake made its appearance. But unlike the previous one clad in black scales, the color of this new monster was pure white. Moreover, a third eye was seen on its forehead.

“Damn it! Another one? Is this village a snake’s den or something?!” “But look, it’s a lot smaller than the one we’ve fought, isn’t it?” “Yeah! Around half the size, I guess?”

Realizing that it was a lot smaller than the one they’ve killed, everyone felt confident. Moreover, it did not have the same thick scales as the black colossal snake. They were sure that their swords would easily pierce through this snake’s skin.

Only Seth and Alfonse thought differently. They looked at each other.
There were very few serpents with the same matching description. If their hunch was correct, then they would soon face a battle of life-or-death. A battle fiercer than the previous one.

“Leader,” mumbled Seth.

This was the first time Alfonse saw her afraid.

He said, “It’s fine. There’s no way a basilisk would appear in this forest. It’s probably just an oversized monster with three eyes. That’s all.”

Seth nervously swallowed the lump in her throat. “I-I see… That must be true.”

But they were soon proved incorrect.

Upon reaching the dead body of the black colossal snake, the white snake hissed violently. Tears were seen at the corner of its eyes at it glared at the humans. Its third eye glowed, and to their utter horror, some of the assassins started turning into stone.

Alfonse was the quickest to react. He pulled Seth away from the range of the spell. After several seconds, all of the assassins aside from Alfonse and Seth have turned into stone.

Seth’s eyes were wide as she stared at this in horror. She wailed, “I-It’s a Basilisk! What is a Calamity Class Monster doing in this place?!”
When she turned to Alfonse, she noticed that his left leg had turned into stone. She knew that this was because of her, because he tried to save her even when he could have escaped by himself.

“Leader! Y-Your leg!” she was hysterical.

Alfonse mustered up a smile. “I’m fine.” He looked at the direction of the white basilisk. It started crushing the stone statues of his comrades, one by one. “You should run while it’s busy crushing those guys.”

“B-But!” Tears started flowing down her eyes. “I can’t leave you here, Leader! What about the mission?! No, that’s no longer important! I can’t let you die here! We’ll escape together!”

The basilisk finally finished crushing the statues. It slowly turned its head towards them, its three eyes glaring at their direction. Alfonse growled,
“Listen, you damn bitch! I told you to run away! Now!”

Seth also looked at the direction of the white basilisk. Her mind was screaming at her to run, but her entire body remained rooted on the ground. In her heart, she could not bear to leave the leader behind.

Seconds which seemed like eternity passed. Seth gritted her teeth and pulled out a dagger. “I’ve decided. I’m not leaving you here! We’ll kill Lark Marcus after this – together! You can’t die yet, Leader!”

Alfonse groaned. He tried to move, but the petrified leg started forming cracks.

“The third eye’s the source of that damn basilisk’s magic, right?” declared Seth. “As long as I destroy that part, it should be possible to kill that monster!”

“Wait! That’s not the—”

But Seth did not listen. She dashed forward and jumped straight towards the basilisk’s head. She gripped her dagger tight and stabbed the third eye of the monster. Blood spurted out.

“I did it!”

But her joy was short-lived. The white basilisk hissed and cast its spell. Seth felt her entire body stiffen, she fell down the ground, then turned completely into stone. But peculiarly, she could still clearly see everything. She could still feel the cold, hard ground. She was still alive.

But she could not move.

The white basilisk slithered forward, its large body creating a shadow over Seth’s petrified body. Seth heard Alfonse shout, and she heard cracking sounds, quickly followed by a roar. This did not last even a few seconds, before silence once again returned to the forest.

Alfonse probably tried charging at the white basilisk despite his petrified leg, only to be turned completely into stone by the monster’s magic.

Seth wanted to cry, to wail, but no tears came out.

The white basilisk hissed, and with great force, crushed her petrified body.

Chapter Fifteen

Mikael’s stomach grumbled as he sat cross-legged inside the dungeon. He’d been locked up here for a more than a week already. Every day, he was forced to eat nothing but stale bread and water. Although he was a knight and his body was stronger than most people, he was starting to feel the effects of emaciation. His cheeks had become sunken and dark marks encircled his eyes.

For the King. I have to endure. Just a bit more.

With his skills, it would have been easy to escape this underground jail, but doing so would blow his cover. Furthermore, the allegations and suspicious cast on him would be solidified once he escaped.

Mikael breathed in. This place was dark. No windows. The air was humid and stale.

Metallic sounds echoed, and the iron gate of the dungeon creaked open.

Several footsteps reverberated.

Mikael momentarily squinted his eyes when the light from torches touched his cell. Five people stood outside his jail.

“Is that him, Sir?” A guard asked the fat man next to him.

The fat man nodded. “That’s definitely my client.” He glared at the guards and snarled. “He looks famished! You should have at least fed him!”

The guards jumped from the sudden holler.

The fat man shouted, “What are you waiting for?! Release him!”

Immediately, the guards took out the keys and unlocked the cell. They nervously approached Mikael and bowed their heads. “W-We’re sorry, Sir! We had to lock you up make sure that—”

“—Enough!” the fat man shoved the guards away and approached Mikael. He scrutinized the prisoner from head to toe. He sighed. “I’m sorry. By the time I woke up, it’s been already more than a week since that incident. Who would have thought that these imbeciles will lock you up?”

With the torches illuminating the entire cell, the fat man’s apologetic face was apparent. Mikael knew this man well. Big Bun, the leader of One Stop
Clop. Also the brother of Big Mona, the Head Merchant of the Lion City.

Almost two weeks ago, hell befell the garrisons stationed next to the Lake of the Full Moon. Despite the presence of a Myonite Stone, monsters still attacked the soldiers, their numbers bordering tens of thousands. It was a number enough to overthrow the entire Capital.

Luckily, the soldiers had a backup plan in-case the Myonite failed to work during a full moon. The leader of the soldiers quickly ordered his men to retreat back to the Lion City. Dozens of soldiers lost their lives that day, and it was a miracle that Mikael and this fat merchant actually managed to escape and survive.

Unfortunately, Big Bun was gravely injured during the escape, and it took him several days before he finally woke up after the treatment. Naturally, the suspicious eyes of the soldiers fell on Mikael, a serf. They locked him up to be sure, at least until Big Bun finally woke up.

“Money is the law,” said Big Bun. “As a merchant, it hurts my pride that my client’s been locked up here because of my mistakes. Like I’ve told you before, you’ll be under the protection of my caravan until you reached Blackstone Town. I’ve failed as a merchant. Forgive me.”

Mikael’s eyes momentarily widened upon seeing Big Bun bowing his head to him. He disliked this fat man because of his greed for money, but it seemed that he, too, have his pride and convictions.

Mikael shook his head. He still had his act as a serf to play. “It’s fine, honorable Sir. I totally understand.” He stood up and pretended to wobble. Big Bun immediately grabbed his arm and helped him stand.

“Are you alright?” said the merchant. “Damn it. This is really hurting my pride. What a blunder.” He shouted at the guards, “Prepare the bath and make a sumptuous feast! Now!”

The guards stiffened. “Yes, Sir!”

“And you—” Big Bun said to the guard next to him. “Lead me to where my brother is.”

“Understood!”

***
Since Big Bun was the brother of the Head of the Merchant Guild, everyone immediately heeded his orders. Although Mikael was under the guise of a serf, several servants assisted him in taking a bath. After his body was cleansed, he was immediately led to a room inside the Merchants Guild. A sumptuous feast enough for a dozen men had been already prepared.

Upon seeing this, Mikael’s stomach grumbled. Despite being a knight, eating nothing but stale bread for several days made him unconsciously salivate.

“Please eat to your heart’s content.” A servant led him to a seat.

Mikael sat down and began eating to his heart’s content. The food prepared here were almost comparable to the ones prepared in Behemoth City’s Castle.

The door of the room opened and several men entered. Big Bun was among them. After looking at the fat man next to Big Bun, Mikael immediately knew that he was the brother and the Head of the Merchant Guild. Their semblance was so high that it was uncanny to even mistake them as strangers.

“Is that the serf locked up by my men?” said Big Mona, haughtily. Unlike Big Bun, he looked at Mikael condescendingly. “You still haven’t changed, little brother. I do understand that he’s a client, but to think that you’ll allow him to partake in our little feast.”

Big Bun frowned. “This is my pride as a merchant. He paid. And I promised him that I’ll take him back to his old man. I will not go back on my word, big brother.”

Big Mona arrogantly waved his hand as he sighed. “Fine. I’m hungry. Let’s eat.”

The two sat down, together with the men that arrived with them. Mikael silently listened as he ate. After following their discussions, he learned that the men sitting in this room were all prominent merchants of the Lion City.

He could feel the discontent of the merchants around him. They surely did not like having a mere serf sharing a table with them. But since Big Bun himself allowed Mikael to partake in this feast, they did not even dare spout a single word about it.
“I’m glad you survived that incident.” Big Mona spoke, his mouth still full of meat. “When I heard the news, I immediately mobilized my personal army to rescue you. Thank God the Commander of the garrison’s smart enough to immediately escape. I plan on giving him a reward later.”

Big Bun frowned. “I don’t even want to remember that incident. I’ve never been so close to death in my entire life. I’m just glad that those monsters come out only during a full moon. Otherwise, this City would have been reduced to rubbles long ago.”

Mikael could still vividly remember everything. The tens of thousands of monsters coming out of the lake. The humanoid wolf standing at its center. Once he gets to Blackstone Town, he would write a report about it to the King.

“Ah, I’ve heard of a peculiar news, brother,” said Big Bun. “Is it true that you visited the Lord’s Castle? That you personally met that damnable Valcres?”

The hatred within Big Bun’s voice was apparent. Back in the Capital, Mikael heard from Big Bun that the Lord of this City had a weird fetish for beastmen meat. It was among the things he decided to investigate and include in his reports later.

Big Mona paused. His eyes narrowed. “I didn’t like to, but it’s not like I have a choice. Bun, have you heard of the Bloodstone before?”

“Of course,” said Big Bun. “It’s the dream of all Alchemists. The ultimate potion capable of healing even the gravest of wounds. But that thing is a mere legend. It’s impossible to create a miracle drug of such quality.”

Big Mona sipped from his goblet. He breathed in. “If I do things right, I might get my hands on that thing.”

Everyone in the room froze, including Mikael. The claim of Big Mona was preposterous.

“W-What are you talking about?” Big Bun stuttered.

Big Mona paused and looked at the merchants. “Everyone of you here are my trusted comrades.” He momentarily looked at Mikael but quickly averted his gaze, as though dismissing the presence of a mere serf. “All of
you have been with me even when we were mere upstarts, merchants without any power or background. I trust that all of you will keep this a secret.”

Big Mona took out a small vial from his pocket and placed it on top of the table. “This here is a potion comparable to the one created by the Master Herbalist and Alchemists in the Capital.” He momentarily paused. “No, it’s even better than that.”

“Its vial is different from those kept in the King’s Castle.” Big Bun noticed. “Are you telling us that a different group made that thing?”

“Exactly,” said Big Mona. “This potion is capable of healing cuts in a matter of seconds. And I’ve just gained the formula on how to create this one – en masse.”

Everyone held their breaths.

“T-Then we can compete with the Capital! We’ll easily gain enough power to rival the Merchant Guild in Behemoth City!”

“Please order us to immediately procure the materials, Sir!” “That’s right!”

Big Mona slammed his fist on the table. Everyone quieted down. “This thing’s nothing but garbage when compared to the real thing.”
“Real thing?” said Big Bun.

“That’s right.” Big Mona nodded. “If I successfully help that damn brat in defending his town from those beastmen, I’ll be getting my hands on the Bloodstone.”

Although Lark called the promised medicine a middle-grade potion, Big Mona was sure that it was the legendary Bloodstone. After all, only a bloodstone could display healing power far greater than this potion he currently held in his hand.

Big Mona continued with his story. According to him, the Lord of Blackstone Town requested him for a thousand soldiers to help repel the invasion of beastmen. It was a peculiar request, since according to their intel, the Valley of Witches had yet to fall in the hands of the United Grakas
Alliance. As long as Alexander was alive, the beastmen would be unable to penetrate the Eastern Region of the Kingdom.

But the peculiarity of the request did not matter to the merchants. What mattered was the reward. And if the reason behind the request was indeed true, then they would also benefit from it. After all, Blackstone Town was close to Lion City. If the beastmen had indeed managed to penetrate that far into the Kingdom’s territory, then it would only be a matter of time before they targeted Lion City.

As Mikael listened to the conversation, his interest of Lark Marcus grew. That young noble single-handedly stirred up these merchants, and now, he was requesting for a thousand soldiers to repel the invasion from United Grakas Alliance.

Could he actually do it? Judging by the story, it seemed that the army of beastmen numbered more than ten thousand.

And there was also the fact that Lark Marcus was the one who gave the recipe for the healing potion to Big Mona. Where did he get it? Did he steal it from the Herbalist Association? From the Capital?

There were so many questions that needed an answer.

That young noble was dubbed as incompetent by all other nobles and competitors for the throne. Even his daughter, Elaine, believed that Lark Marcus had the least possibility of winning the competition for the throne.

Mikael’s instinct was screaming at him that there was something wrong with the rumors.

“So, what happened with the meeting with Valcres?” said Big Bun.

Big Mona grinned. “It took me some sacrifices, but I managed to convince the damn bastard. He’ll be lending me eight hundred soldiers. For the remaining two hundred, I’ll personally provide it by hiring the small mercenary guilds in the City.”

“You bribed him with beastmen meat, huh?” Big Bun conjectured.

“Close enough.” Big Mona nodded. “But that alone wouldn’t be enough.” He grinned. “I gave him an offer he wouldn’t be able to refuse. Who would have thought that that event in the past would have its use? Amusing.”
Big Bun seemed to have understood what his brother was saying. “That thing, huh? He wouldn’t be able to refuse you if you told him that. As expected of my brother.”

The two laughed, and the rest of the merchants joined in. Mikael could not believe his luck that he was allowed to partake in this feast, giving him the perfect opportunity to eavesdrop in such important topics. He could already see the reaction of the King once he reported these findings

Big Bun looked at him. “Mikael.”

Mikael acted afraid and lightly lowered his head. “Sir?”

“Good news,” said Big Bun. “The army will depart tomorrow morning. You can come together with them towards that place. And since it’s a promise, I’ll personally come with you and take you to Blackstone Town. You’ll see your old man soon. How about it?”

Mikael meekly replied, “I’m really grateful, Sir.”

Chapter Sixteen

Stone and his men relentlessly made their way back towards the Main Army’s Camp. They continued slapping the reigns of the Burrcats, not bothering to stop to recuperate even for a while. Unlike the optimistic Kael, he did not believe those beastmen stood a chance against the humans. There was no way they’ll be able to win against those numbers, now that Commander Azura was gone. The best course of action now was to go back and report this incident to the General. Although this may seem cowardly, this was his task as the Captain of the Scouts.

“Captain, can’t we rest for a bit?” Molith complained. She was huffing as she desperately clung to her mount. For some reason she could not explain, strength kept seeping out of her entire body.

Stone noticed it too. Even he was finding it hard to keep moving onward, as though an invisible force was sucking away his mana. If this went on, he would eventually lose consciousness and collapse.

“We’re not stopping,” said Stone. He slapped the reigns, the burrcat neighed, and they sped up through the plains. The grasses swayed westward from the assault of the wind. “We need to reach the main camp as soon as possible and report everything to the General.”

There was something peculiar about that town – about those humans.

Damn it. If only Commander Azura listened to me. If only I didn’t tell him that the Human Commander is probably stronger than him. Then maybe…

Stone regretted the fact that they did not wait for the reinforcements to arrive. The additional one thousand beastmen would have made a tremendous impact in the outcome of the battle. Against such number, the previous tactic of surprise ambush, using only a handful number of soldiers in the middle of the forest, would have been near impossible to successfully pull through.

So in the end, your foolishness was your bane, Commander.

Stone clicked his tongue. Dead men tell no tales. He had to live and fully recount the details of this battle.

“Salith!" A shout reverberated.
Stone looked back and saw that his men stopped in their tracks. And he immediately saw the reason why. Salith was lying on the grass-carpeted ground, her chest rising and falling down repeatedly. She kept clutching her chest, her body squirming every now and then. He pulled the reigns of his mount and halted.

“Salith!” Molith jumped down her mount and crouched next to her twin sister. “What’s wrong? Are you alright?”

Salith turned over and vomited on the ground. “Go on without me. I’ll stay here and rest.”

Stone approached his men. He crouched down and touched the chest of Salith. He frowned. He turned to the two remaining beastmen. “Tell me, are you two experiencing it too? The sensation of your mana being slowly pulled out of you.”

The two beastmen momentarily widened their eyes. The description of their Captain was spot on.

“Yes.” They both bobbed their heads.

Stone groaned. He realized that all of them have been poisoned. But how did their enemy do it? He racked his brain but could not find the reason how.

“We’ll make camp here,” he said finally. “I’m not sure what kind of poison those humans used on us, but one thing is sure – it’s continuously sucking away our mana.”

Stone took out a vial from his pouch. Molith stared at it. “Make her take a sip of this thing here,” said Stone. Molith froze. “B-But Captain! That’s a paralyzing potion!”
Stone nodded. “Exactly. This thing blocks the flow of mana in the body of those who drinks it. It’s the same paralyzing potion I gave that old man before. The poison inflicted on us sucks away our mana. If this is true, then this paralyzing potion should temporarily halt the progression of the disease. It won’t cure it, but it’ll make us last until we arrive at the Main Camp.”
The theory of the Captain made sense. As expected of the Captain of the Scouts – he immediately formulated a solution to the problem despite not knowing the exact poison inflicted on them.

Molith’s hands shook as she helped Salith take a sip from the vial. Seconds passed and turned into minutes. The effect of the paralyzing potion became apparent. Although Salith was unable to move, the symptoms from before had significantly lessened somewhat.

It seemed that the mana blocking effect of the potion counteracted the poison inside Salith’s body. Molith sighed in relief upon seeing this.

“Thank you, Captain,” she said.

Stone looked at the sky. It was already dusk. Although he still wished to move back to the main camp, the current circumstances did not permit him to. He was trying his best to not show it, but he could also feel the effects of the poison inflicted on them. He did not wish to take the paralyzing potion as temporary antidote, since it would slow him down tremendously. He decided to save it as last resort.

“Pitch the tent.” He said to Molith and the other beastman. “I’ll prepare our meal.”

“Understood!”

Despite their sluggish movements, the three started to move.

Stone made campfire and started roasting the tiny piece of meat jerky they have left. He mixed it with the remaining water from his flask and made a soup. This was the last food they have remaining. Unfortunately, aside from the birds that have been hovering above them for quite some time now, there were no animals around. Stone wished the Gods would at least provide them with a hunt – even a rabbit or a frog would suffice.

Inside his mind, he cursed the damnable humans for burning the rations down. Resisting the unknown poison would have been easier with a full stomach.

While they were eating their meal, Molith asked Stone, “Captain, once we get back to the main army…” She paused after almost swallowing her next words, “We’ll be executed, wouldn’t we?”
Stone stared straight at her eyes. He could see the fear inside. He decided to be honest to the lizard. “Most probably, Yes.”

Although they fled the battle for the sake of reporting back, it was still an act punishable by death. Stone already knew the outcome of his decision the moment he decided to flee from that nightmare.

“But worry not, Molith,” said Stone. “I will ask the General to spare the three of you. After all, it was my decision as your Captain that made you flee that battlefield.”

Stone’s subordinates immediately protested. They almost dropped the bowl of soup they held in their hands.

“I won’t allow that!” shouted Molith. “It’s obviously the fault of Commander Azura! Why should the Captain be executed because of that musclehead’s—”

“—Enough!” interjected Stone. “The rules of the Third Legion are absolute! As long as the General receives my message, I don’t mind being executed afterwards! This is my pride as the Captain of the Scouts!”

Molith seemed not convinced. Stone reiterated, “Listen. We’re still not safe until we reach the main army. Those humans are probably searching for us even now. In the event that I die, it’ll be your duty to pass on what we’ve found out about those humans. Make sure the General does not take them lightly. Don’t let him make the same mistake as Commander Azura. Do you understand?!”

Molith willed back the tears from her eyes. Unable to utter a word, she simply nodded her head once.

Stone finally sighed in relief upon seeing it. He wished that his body would last longer. He wished it’ll be able to keep going at least until they reached the main army. Even now, he could feel his mana leaking out of his body.

The symptoms are really similar to Magic Poisoning. But it doesn’t make sense. How did those damnable bastards poison us?

Several questions kept popping inside his head, but he was unable to answer all of them.
He noticed that all of his men have fallen asleep already. They were probably greatly affected by the poison, more than he thought. He wryly smiled. “I guess I’m tonight’s watch.”

Stone gently carried the sleeping members of his team inside the tent. Looking at them, he felt like a father. If he had a child, would it be like this?

Stone smiled.

Upon getting out of the tent, Stone heard the chirping of birds above. He frowned. He was sure those things were the same birds from before.

Why do they keep following us?

An idea dawned to him.

He shuddered.

What if those birds have been keeping watch on their group this entire time?

Stone shook his head. Impossible. Animal tamers capable of such an advance skill were rare even in the United Grakas Alliance. There was no way they would encounter a human with those same skills in that desolated town. At most, the best those couriers could do was deliver messages.

I must be getting paranoid. Damn it.

Stone shook off the thought from his mind. He breathed in the cold breeze of the night then sat down cross-legged on the grass-carpeted ground. He closed his eyes as a part of his consciousness stayed awake and kept watch.
Footsteps?

Stone opened his eyes and grabbed his scimitar. He looked around. No one was there. Only the grasses, which swayed left and right from the wind, were in sight.

“Oh, are they sleeping? Those companion of yours.” A chilly voice was heard. “What a pity. But I guess this is enough for now.”

Stone unsheathed his weapon. “Who are you? Show yourself!”

There was momentary silence. Stone was sure that the owner of the voice was staring straight at him. “Thankfully, the poison’s been effective thus far.
It would have been hard to catch you guys if you kept moving forward.”

“Show yourself!” shouted Stone. Behind him, he could feel that his comrades started waking up.

“You used a similar magic to infiltrate my territory, didn’t you?” said the voice. The anger within it was palpable. “Not only that. You dared harm my people.”

Without warning, a fist struck Stone’s face. His neck bent sideways, his body conceded, and he flew and rolled through the ground several times. The impact was so tremendous that he felt numb all over. It was though he was struck with a sledgehammer.

By now, his men have woken up from all the clamor. They went out of their tents and upon seeing their Captain sprawled on the floor, they immediately pulled out their weapons.

Stone wanted to warn them – to tell them to run, but only inaudible words came out. If only he was in perfect condition, then escaping would be possible.

But I still have to try.

Just when he was about to cast his invisibility magic, vines popped out of the ground and ensnared his legs. He tried pulling them out but failed.

Stone instinctively looked up. He shuddered when he saw several swords made of fire hovering above. He knew to whom those things were pointed to.

“Run!” He shouted.

But it was too late.

The swords of fire shot at his men, piercing their chests. As though that was not enough, their bodies were soon engulfed by flames. Their cries and wails echoed as the flames licked their bodies. Eventually, they fell down the ground, scorched and lifeless.

Stone noticed that the tent where Salith was recuperating was also on fire.

For a moment, he heard a cry for help coming out of it.
Stone clenched his fists. He felt powerless. He could do nothing but watch as his men succumbed to their banes. Even now, he could not pull himself out of these shackles.

“The old man you took hostage before,” said the voice. “He’s someone like a family to me, you see.”

Stone could feel the hatred directed at him.

Slowly, a figure manifested himself right in front of him. A human. A young man with short silver hair and cold, blue eyes.

Upon locking eyes with the human, Stone froze. He could not move even his fingertips. Was this magic, or was this absolute fear after seeing those predatory eyes? He was not sure.

“I still need your head so I won’t be burning you,” the human whispered in his ear. “But the same isn’t true with the rest of your body.”

The human took out a small seed from his pouch. His hand blurred and it pierced through Stone’s chest, along with the seed. Stone tried screaming in pain but no words came out. Inside his body, he could feel the seed forming roots and expanding. It was as though several worms were continuously squirming inside him. It was a disgusting feeling.

“Flowers,” said the human. “Bloom for me.”

On cue, the roots of the seed expanded further. They pierced through the different parts of Stone’s body, eventually forming vines and leaves. Seconds lingered and flowers started blooming. A sweet fragrance wafted through the air.

Aside from the head, the entire body of Captain Stone had turned into a plant. A beautiful one filled with fragrant flowers.

The human pulled out his sword and cut off the lizardman’s head. He then placed it inside a small sack.

He sighed. “It took me almost three days to catch these guys, huh?” He looked up. The night sky was moonless tonight.
“I should head back. It’s just about time for my reinforcements to arrive.”

Chapter Seventeen

The time for departure towards Blackstone Town arrived. A thousand-strong army, which consisted mainly of soldiers from the city and several mercenaries, gathered at the outskirt of Lion City. The news of an armed force marching towards a certain town in the East reached the ears of many. Near the gates, several onlookers gathered.

“Brother, are you really coming with us?” said Big Bun. “If what that young noble said in the letter was true, then war could break out at any time. It’s too dangerous.”

Big Mona took a large bite from the bread in his hand. He spat, “It’ll be fine. These guys will protect me no matter what.”

Behind Big Mona were the elites of his personal army. Big Bun knew those guys very well. Even a seasoned veteran from the Mercenary Guild would have a hard time defeating even a single one of them. Seeing that they would tag along, he could rest assured somewhat.

“I see.” Big Bun looked at the army gathered outside the City. It was actually an amazing feat – gathering these men – since the Lake of the Full Moon Incident occurred just recently. According to their intel, a large bulk of the soldiers of Lion City was sent to fortify the defenses around that place, just in case monsters started invading the city borders.

Big Mona leaned closer to his little brother. He whispered, “Listen. If war do breaks out, leave quickly. Our priority is not to win the war, but to secure Lark Marcus — to make sure he stays alive. If he dies, the bloodstone disappears together with him. Do you understand?”

Big Bun nodded. This meant one thing: Right now, the life of Lark Marcus was secondary only to his and his big brother’s. It was an understandable fact, since the man could potentially hold the key to unlocking the secrets of that legendary artifact – the bloodstone. The elixir capable of healing the gravest of wounds. The so-called elixir of life.

Big Bun tested the Low-Grade Potion before. Indeed, it was comparable to the Healing Potion created by the Alchemists in the Capital. No, it was probably even better than that.
They have to get their hands on the so-called Middle-Grade Potion, no matter what.

A rough-looking man with numerous scars on his face approached the two merchants. Had they not known any better, they would have mistaken him for a forest bandit.

“Sir, the preparations are complete.” The man lightly bowed his head.

“Commander Daltos, good job.” Big Mona tapped the man’s shoulder. “Order everyone to move out.”

“Yes, Sir!”

After receiving their instructions, the army started moving out of the city’s outskirt. Several carts filled with rations followed the infantry, while the cavalry led the front.

All of the soldiers have been briefed of the goal of this expedition – that they were here to block the advance of the Beastmen towards the Kingdom. But not everyone believed this. They were all aware that the Valley of Witches have not fallen yet from the hands of the enemies. As long as Alexander was blocking those damnable beastmen’s path, there was no way for them to even step foot on the soil of this Kingdom.

But since the commission provided by the Lord’s Castle and the Merchant Guild was overgenerous, the soldiers willingly accepted the task. The same went for the mercenaries hired from numerous small guilds within the City.

The deal was that even if the army from the United Grakas Alliance did not come, everyone in this army would still get their share of profit. A win-win situation for everyone.

With haste, the army relentlessly marched, stopping only to recuperate several hours after dusk.

After four days, they finally reached Blackstone Town. This could already be considered a feat for such a large army composed mostly of infantry. After all, it would normally take five to seven days to reach the town by foot. By cart, it would two days at most.

Mikael looked out of the cart he was riding in. Just as described in the reports given to him personally by the King, the town was located next to
the wilderness. One needed to pass through a thick forest, then through a small plain, before arriving at the town.

The arrival of the army caused a commotion over the residents of Blackstone Town. Most of the locals hid in their homes, while the younger men went to the town’s border to meet the officials of the Army. Leading them was an old man wearing a suit.

“Welcome. We’ve been expecting you,” said the old man. “I’m sorry that we’re unable to give a proper greeting, honorable Sirs. This town is undergoing massive reconstructions, after all.”

Mikael doubted the ‘we’ve been expecting you’ part of the old man’s statement. Most likely, the old man was the only one who knew the arrival of this army. This was apparent after just looking at the terrified and wary faces of the people behind him.

“My name is Gaston.” The old man bowed his head. “And the Young Master ordered me to lead our esteemed guests to the Lord’s Mansion to partake in a small feast.”

Big Mona and Commander Daltos stepped forward.

“Big Mona,” said the fat merchant. He looked around, as though expecting to see a familiar face among the crowd. “I came here after receiving the request of your master. Where is he?”

Gaston bowed his head lightly. “I’m sorry, but the Young Master is currently unavailable at the moment.”

“Unavailable?” Big Mona raised a brow.

“Yes.” Gaston’s back remained ramrod straight. “He’s been gone for more than a week now after leading the soldiers to intercept the invading beastmen army.”

Despite his old age, the voice of Gaston was loud and clear. Several soldiers froze upon hearing the story – and Mikael was among them.

Intercept the beastmen army? So, it was true then? These questions ran through the minds of everyone who heard what the old man said.

Surprisingly, Big Mona accepted this reasoning. Instead, he asked a completely unexpected question in return. “He’s not dead, is he?”
Gaston’s eyes glimmered for a moment. “Ah, of course not. The Young Master is the embodiment of wisdom. He wouldn’t die just like that.”

It was a hyperbolic statement, but it was apparent in the eyes of the old man that he believed each of the words he just spouted.

Embodiment of Wisdom was a description totally contrary to what people thought of the second son of Duke Drakus. To the nobles in the Capital, he was nothing but an arrogant brat that knew nothing of his bounds. Mikael was sure that the other candidates to the throne did not even see him as a competitor at all.

Mikael was starting to get curious of this so-called Lark Marcus.

“Embodiment of wisdom?” chuckled Big Mona. “That brat?” He shrugged. “Well, I’ve got to admit that that one’s shrewd, like a fox. You said you prepared a feast for us?”

Gaston momentarily closed his eyes. “Of course.”

“I’m hungry. We’re going to eat,” declared Big Mona. “Dalton, command the army to make camp outside the town. This place’s too small to accommodate everyone.”

“Understood!”

“Bun,” said Big Mona. “Come.”

Big Bun fixed his collar upon the mention of his name. “Yes, brother!” He briskly walked towards Mikael then flashed a smile. “I guess this is where we part. You are no longer under the protection of my caravan. Go. See you your old man!”

Big Bun slapped Mikael’s back then jogged towards his brother. After a while, the officials of the Army aside from Dalton disappeared with the old man.

To Mikael, this made things much easier. From now on, he could move freely and assess this candidate for the throne. Just thinking that he could serve the King once more filled him with pride and joy.

While the soldiers were busy making camp, Mikael entered the town.
It seemed that the reason why the army was here was finally explained to the locals. He could see several men and women, children included, coming out of their homes and curiously looking at the army camped outside the town.

“H-Hey, the Young Master’s safe, right?”

“Of course! Father’s with him! He told me that he’ll protect the Lord!”

“But to think that the Young Master managed to bring this much reinforcement. I somehow feel we could really defeat those lizards! As expected of the Young Master!”

His tattered old clothes and his common-looking face made it easy for Mikael to blend with the locals. As he surveyed the town, he listened to the conversations of the residents every now and then.

He had not expected the residents to be this amicable to the young noble. According to the reports from the Capital, the noble called Lark Marcus was a devil incarnate. An abomination hated by everyone. But after listening to just these few conversations, it seemed that the rumors were not totally true.

Mikael especially took note of the word ‘lizard.’

Judging by the way the residents talked about those beastmen, it seemed like they’ve encountered those guys before. It was as though they personally saw those barbarians eye-to-eye.

I’ll include this in my report later.

Mikael kept looking around the town, all the while carefully blending himself with the locals. He realized that the road was becoming more paved as he went deeper in. It was not cobbled, but made of a different material entirely. It was as though the road itself had solidified into a single piece of flat rock. By estimate, this road could probably accommodate four carriages running side by side. It was a road comparable to those seen in major cities – probably even better than that.

He was still busy observing the road when he finally arrived at the Eastern District. Numerous houses were being built here and there. But what surprised Mikael the most was not those things, but the dirt used to build
them. It was probably made of soil or clay. He was not sure. The workers would put solid blocks on top of each other. In their middle was the peculiar clay.

Would these houses actually hold using such method? Mikael doubted this at first, but soon realized that the houses around him were all uniformly built. Therefore, those finished houses he saw here and there were made of the same materials.

Mikael approached one of the finished houses. He knocked on the wall. It was firm and solid.

For a moment, he fell silent.

Mikael did not know much about construction works, but he was sure of one thing: This clay – or whatever it was called – was a revolutionary item capable of improving the lives of everyone in the Kingdom.

He had never seen such a convenient method of building structures before. Based on what he heard from the conversations of the workers, it seemed that these clay needed only several hours in order to harden like rocks.
“Ah, Anthony! You’re delivering food to the Mines again, eh?”

Mikael saw a child pulling a wooden cart. It was filled with small crates at the top.

“Of course!” The child grinned, showing an incomplete set of teeth. “I’ve earned quite a bit of money last week! I’ll treat you to some jerky once I got my next pay, Uncle! Look forward to it!”

“Treat me to some chicken from the Poultry Farm instead! Come to my house! I’ll cook it for you!”

“Hey! That’s too expensive!”

Laughter filled the air.

Mikael’s thoughts wandered somewhere else.

Poultry farm? There was a poultry farm in this small town? That was not written in the report. As far as he knew, this was a desolated town with literally nothing to offer.

And… Mines? There’s no record of any Mines in Blackstone Town.
Mikael decided to follow the child.

After walking through the Endless Forest, he finally arrived at that place. A cavern whose size was hard to estimate. He could see several men coming and going, and after seeing the child called Anthony, they all cheered.

“The free porridge from the Mansion’s here! Finally!”

The workers dropped their pickaxes and approached the child.

“Hey, what’s the toppings this time?”

The child grinned. He opened a large sack next to the crates. “Guess?” “Meat jerky?” The workers were enthusiastic.

The child shook his head. “It’s eggs!”

The workers clenched their fists and cheered upon hearing it. Mikael could sympathize with these guys. After all, eggs were a luxury. Commoners could probably eat only one or two of it in a week. At least, that was the norm in the Capital.

Mikael silently observed the miners as they ate their fill.

Something’s wrong.

Mikael frowned.

The Black Famine struck the entire Kingdom last harvest season. Those pesky insects destroyed the crops, sparing no one regardless of rank. According to the reports, the famine extended its claws even to some cities in the Empire. Mikael was sure that this desolated town was among those that were affected.

But what’s going on?

These miners were all obviously well-fed. There were no signs of emaciation at all. It was as though this particular town had been spared from the famine several months ago. The same could be said of the locals he passed by along the way.

As Mikael continued listening to the laughter-filled conversations, he soon learned the truth.

The Lord is feeding all of his subjects? At least until the next harvest arrives?
Mikael could not believe it. Even in the Capital, anyone would be hard-pressed to find a noble like that. In Behemoth City, there was a clear demarcation between the nobles and commoners. Those in the upper echelons never batted an eye even when their subjects were dying from hunger due to the Black Famine.

He was plagued with so many questions after stepping in this town for only a short period of time. Mikael remembered the decree of the King. It was indeed a wise decision to personally send the knights to assess the candidates.

The rumors surrounding Lark Marcus…

He had not met the young man himself, but he had seen things with his own eyes. The rumors were not entirely true. Those laughing faces. Those eyes filled with vigor. Subjects ruled with tyranny would never show such faces.

“Hey, are you a new worker?” a bearded man noticed him.

Mikael broke out of his thoughts. He was too careless. Lost in his thoughts, he failed to properly hide his presence. “Ah, that is…”

“Never seen you before.” The bearded man scrutinized him from head to toe. “I’m pretty much familiar with the faces of the locals.”

Mikael was about to utter an excuse when the man suddenly laughed. “Gahahaha! It’s fine! No need to be so stiff! See little Anthony over there?”

Mikael looked at the child handing out the ‘free’ porridge and eggs. He noticed that the eggs were not given whole, but were instead sliced into four portions each, before handed out.

“He’s just like you. I was there when he asked the Young Master for work.” The man chuckled. “Such an adorable kid! If I was his brother, I would have been so proud!” His eyes danced as he looked at Mikael. “You’re probably tired of tilling the soils in the northern farmlands, eh? Good choice coming here. The payment’s definitely higher as long as you work your ass off, lad.”

The bearded man was probably ten years older than him, maybe more, Mikael was not sure. He could already see numerous gray patches on the man’s hair. This old man probably mistook him for a farmer who came here
to seek higher pay. A similar thing probably happened lately, since the old man was not surprised at all.

“That’s right.” Mikael bobbed his head. “I wonder if there’s a vacanc—”

“—There is!” the man did not even wait for him to finish. He wrapped his arm around Mikael’s shoulder. This old man was muscular, despite his old age. “Come! I’ll lead you to the Scholar! She’ll be pleased to have more working hands for the Mine!”

To properly assess this candidate, Mikael have no choice but to disguise himself as a resident of this place. The moment he accepted the job from the King, he was prepared to spend the next four years of his life living here.

Mikael smiled. Things suddenly took an interesting turn.

The rumors surrounding Lark Marcus were not entirely true. He was dubbed as the one with the least potential of winning the competition for the throne.

But what if everything was nothing but a façade?

What if the young man himself was a genius who chose to conceal himself?

Just thinking of these possibilities made Mikael’s blood boil. He had not felt like this since several years ago, back when he participated in the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident.

Lark Marcus… Just what kind of a noble are you?

Mikael could not wait to find out.

Chapter Eighteen


Two days had passed since the army arrived at Blackstone Town. Lark and his soldiers still hadn’t returned.

Mikael had adjusted to the life here. Using a made up story of his previous life in the Lion City, he pretended to be an immigrant who wished for a peaceful life in the country side. For the past two days, he worked as a miner. This was an easy task, since knights like him have several times the strength of an average individual. Very quickly, his ´talent´ in mining was recognized by everyone.

“Look at that guy,” a familiar voice spat. “He’s just a greenhorn. It’s not even a week since he started working here and he’s already being so familiar with the Scholar. What an ass.”

The owner of the voice did not bother lowering his voice. Mikael was sure those were all directed at him. For the past two days, this man had been badmouthing him nonstop.

The miner next to Mikael shook his head. “Don’t mind him. Arturo’s like that ever since.” He cast a glance at Arturo, a short, muscular man in his early thirties. “I heard he’s got some Dwarven blood in him. Those guys are really proud of their blacksmithing and mining skills, you see.”

Even if the miner did not tell him these things, Mikael had not the slightest bit of intention of fighting him. It would be nothing but a petty squabble, after all.

Mikael was more interested of other things. “Is it true that the northern farmlands were non-arable several months ago?”

The miner, whose name Mikael did not yet know, nodded his head. His pickaxe struck a hard object in the ground and he stopped. “Yes and no. There used to be a small field there where we plant vegetables and herbs. But aside from that, the rest of the northern land is non-arable. Even weeds find it hard to grow on that soil.”

Hearing this, Mikael could not help but be bewildered of the things happening in this town.
He visited the Northern Farmlands yesterday, and he was surprised to see a field of green covering everything. Numerous small shoots grew on the ground, each of them spaced evenly from each other. He had been to Golden Wheat City before – the richest city in the entire Kingdom, next only to the Capital – and he was sure those shoots were wheats. In the next few months, those things would grow and cover the entire northern lands with a shade of gold.

Looking further beyond, Mikael noticed an artificially made river – the irrigation system – running next to the fields. It branched into numerous forks, with several stoppers at each path, controlling the amount of water passing through. Mikael later learned that the irrigation system was connected to the abundant river from the Endless Forest. With this, even if drought befell this town, the crops would not easily wither and die. He could not help but gape in awe upon seeing this spectacular sight.

It’s as though one of the three Great Minds of the Kingdom visited this place and created a reconstruction program.

“You previously told the Head Miner that you’re a farmer. That was a lie, right?” the man next to him began striking the rocks once again.

“I’m sorry.” Mikael stopped and lightly bowed his head. “I was afraid you’ll kick me out of this town if you found out that I’m an immigrant.”
“That’s fine.” The man brushed it off aside. “You probably don’t know him, but the Mason in-charge of all the massive projects in this town also came from Lion City. There’s a lot of guys like you, actually. They get tired living in that place. Living life inside the slums – I could understand why people would choose to live in this small town instead.”

Upon the mention of the words ‘massive projects’, Mikael immediately understood. He had seen those things. Those projects too ambitious for such a small town. Yesterday, after working at the Mines, he went around the town and saw them with his own eyes.

The poultry farm with hundreds of chickens running around. Looking around the Southern District, he saw numerous coops being built here and there. Mikael was sure that several hundreds more, probably thousands, of chicken would be added later.
The numerous houses being built left and right in the Eastern District.

The kalrane stones installed on top of wooden posts, which lights up during the night.

Coupled with the paved main road, the reclaimed Northern Farmland, the irrigation system, the free porridge for the locals, and the Mines – Mikael could already say that the achievements of Lark Marcus were colossal.

When are you going to come back?

He could not wait to meet the young man.

“Hey, stop chatting during work!” Arturo tossed his pickaxe to the ground and stomped his way towards Mikael. Despite being a head shorter, he haughtily glared at the newcomer. “New guy. If I see you slacking again, I’ll personally report you to the Scholar. You got that?”

Arturo purposely showed Mikael his large fists.

“Yes. I’m sorry,” said Mikael. “I’ll work quietly next time.”

Arturo snorted, “Good!” then went back to his post. His satisfied expression was apparent. He even started humming as he struck the rocks with his pickaxe.

People like him were everywhere. Mikael was well aware of this. He locked eyes with the miner next to him for a moment. They both had a look of resignation on their faces. Arturo was hopeless, and getting into a petty squabble with him would be nothing but a waste of time. They both knew this.

“Let’s just work,” sighed the man.

Mikael picked up his pickaxe, and silently, went on with his work. A temporary life like this was not bad at all.


***


After work, Mikael stealthily went deeper into the Endless Forest. In a place where no people went. He took out a plain-looking stone. A fist-sized rock normally seen on the roadside.
After making sure that no one was around, he started pouring mana into it. Slowly, the stone changed its color. Its dirty brown appearance vanished, and a jade stone with a swirling blue light inside revealed itself.

This was the artifact granted to the twenty-eight knights chosen by the King to assess the candidates. Mikael was stunned at first upon receiving it, since a single one of these gems costed at least five thousand gold coins. A massive amount even an average noble wouldn’t have.

Each of these gems were connected to a mother gemstone, which was currently being kept in the King’s Castle. As long as one had enough mana, messages could be continually transmitted through. It was an absurdly convenient device, in this world where sending messages via couriers was the norm.

Mikael firmly touched the gemstone, and out of thin air, a translucent parchment appeared in front of him. Using magic, he started writing his reports directly to the King. Words started forming on the parchment, as though the gemstone was aware of his thoughts.

There were a lot of things Mikael wanted to report.

The incident in the Lake of the Full Moon. The tens of thousands of monsters swarming in that lake.

The rumors surrounding Valcres, the Lord of Lion City.

The movements of the merchants. The sudden appearance of the Bloodstone.

The massive developments in the town.

The fact that the rumors surrounding Lark Marcus may actually be false.

That it was nothing but a façade, an act.

But since writing messages using this method consumed a great amount of mana, Mikael had no choice but make his report concise. He would report about the lesser important things next time. His top priority right now was to report about “that.”

The invasion of the United Grakas Alliance.

The invasion of the beastmen was of utmost priory right now. This was the conclusion Mikael came to.
After briefly analyzing the topography of the surrounding regions, Mikael realized the strategical significance of Blackstone Town. If those barbarians successfully captured this territory, they would be pointing a knife directly at the Eastern Region.

Surrounded by a forest so large it was called endless, this town could easily repel invaders by focusing on their front. A large army trying to circumvent the Endless Forest would be easily detectable, and the same could be said even if they attempted to pass through it.

And what if the beastmen converted this town into a stronghold? A castle with battlements, moats and traps? Just thinking of these possibilities made Mikael unconsciously shiver. He could not let these beastman invade deeper into this territory. If what Lark Marcus said was true – that the beastman had indeed invaded this far – then the Kingdom should do its best to stop them from capturing this town at all costs.

Mikael decided on the contents of his first report: the beastmen invasion, and Lark Marcus’ attempt to stop it.

Words continued to form inside the translucent parchment. After Mikael was done writing, the parchment slowly faded into nothingness.

“It’s done.” Mikael huffed. Reporting using this device was a tedious task which consumed a lot of his mana.

The gemstone, after losing its supply of mana, reverted back into the plain-looking stone it originally was. Mikael placed the stone inside the pouch on his waist. An appraiser would be able to tell that this item was an artifact, but to other people, it looked nothing but an ordinary stone. Mikael was glad of this fact. At the very least, losing the item from burglars would not be among the things he had to worry about.

He breathed in. This forest was really peaceful, just like the reports stated. Unlike the forests near the major cities of the Kingdom, monsters did not appear here. It was as though the Gods themselves were protecting this particular domain.

What was at the end of this forest? What would he see if he went deeper in? As far as he knew, the area beyond the Endless Forest was uncharted.
Mikael looked up. It was already night. “It’s already this late, huh? I need to get back.”

This was the time when the Mansion opens it gates to give out the free porridges. The special delivery by little Anthony was only during the day, after all.

Upon arriving at the Mansion, there was the same long queue from the locals, as usual. Mikael was sure that these guys did not mind waiting in line. The food was given for free, after all.

“Hey, have you heard?”

“Yeah. The Young Master’s back, right? I saw Sir Gaston running to greet him. I never thought I’ll ever see that old man run.”

Mikael’s ears perked up as he listened to the conversation. Although he was already hungry, he decided to forgo the free porridge for now. Seeing Lark Marcus with his own eyes was far more important.

He’s back! Finally!

Mikael tightened his tattered cloak. Tonight’s breeze was really chilly. He moved past the numerous people lined up in queue, then went towards the direction where the butler supposedly headed to. He soon saw familiar faces.

Big Mona, Commander Daltos, and Gaston were conversing with Lark. Looking around, Mikael noticed that most of the soldiers Lark took with him were wounded. Several cuts and bruises were seen all over their bodies.

Dead bodies?

He saw several bodies lying on the ground, each of them covered by cloths. Several locals knelt next to them, crying and wailing. Those were probably the soldiers who perished during the battle against the beastmen army.

Mikael actually expected more casualties, considering the natural physique of the beastmen. Each of them, aside those from the Rabbit Tribe, were inherently stronger than humans. The number of dead soldiers did not even reach double digits. Mikael could even say it was a miracle, if he was asked.
What are those?

Mikael stared at the suits of armor standing a good distance away from Lark. The three of them stood still, unmoving.

For some reason, those three felt dangerous. But the peculiar thing was that Mikael could not feel any emotion emanating from them. It was as though they were not human – as though they did not possess life at all.

Who are inside those suits of armor?

Mikael wanted to know. But right now, his priority was to assess the candidate for the throne. He amplified his senses. Even while standing a good distance away from the soldiers, he could hear everything.

He focused his senses on Lark’s group.

“—What do you mean?” Commander Daltos’ voice was obviously displeased. “Are you questioning my authority? Is that it?”

Lark shook his head. “Not at all, Commander.” He looked at the army from the Lion City. “What I’m trying to say is that you should concede all authority to me. I need absolute command of these soldiers if we want to win with just this army.”

Daltos said to Big Mona, “Sir, I know that we are all under your commission here. But please understand that I cannot simply leave the lives of my men in the hands of this kid. He may be a noble owning this territory, but he knows nothing of war.”

Big Mona looked conflicted. Eventually, he sighed. He said to Lark, “I’m afraid this is no longer part of our contract. My job is to bring the soldiers here. Persuading them to work for you is a different matter entirely.

Commander Daltos bowed his head to Big Mona. “Thank you for understanding, Sir.” He turned to Lark. “So, that’s how it is. I can’t let you take command of my soldiers.”

Lark sighed. “I know this will happen.” He scratched his cheeks. “Then, Commander… Are you telling me that with a thousand soldiers, you’re capable of stopping the advance of more than ten thousand beastmen?”

Commander Daltos frowned. “Lies. We came here because of the commission, but no soldier believes those beastmen actually managed to get
past Sword Master Alexander’s nose. I don’t know what kind of monsters you encountered along the way that made you lose all those soldiers, but know this – I will not leave the lives of my men in somebody else’s hands just like that.”

Lark paused for several seconds. He said to Anandra. “Take that out.”

Anandra moved to the back and took back a large sack with him. Big Mona and Commander Daltos cringed their nose.

“So that’s where the foul smell is coming from?” said the Commander.

“You said I know nothing of war,” said Lark. He nodded at Anandra, and the sack was opened wide, revealing numerous heads inside. The stench became so unbearable that Big Mona vomited on the ground. “But Commander, it seems that it’s you who knows nothing of war.”

Lark, not bothering to cover his nose from the assault of the stench, approached the sack, leaned down and grabbed a head inside. Blood had already dried up, but the facial expression of the beastman before he died was visibly apparent before everyone’s eyes.

"This here, is Commander Azura," said Lark. "A pretty decent opponent, I must say."

Lark showed the head to them. Those two eyes of the dead beastman seemed to glare at them from the abyss. Big Mona quivered, while Commander Daltos creased his brows.

“You arrived almost three days ago, correct?” said Lark. “Had I not intercepted this invading army during that time, this town would have already been under the beastmen’s territory.”

Lark’s voice was cold as he added, “Even with a thousand soldiers, if you confronted these guys head-on, without weakening them for a bit, you will surely have hundreds of casualties.”

Commander Daltos’ veins popped up. “Don’t be so arrogant, kid. You won against those bastards through sheer luck. That’s all. And if a greenhorn like you managed to defeat them, maybe those beastmen aren’t much at all?”

Through his amplified senses, Mikael noticed the subtle smirk of Lark. His eyes were dancing, as though he was waiting for this particular statement.
“Sheer luck, huh? Well, luck is part of one’s skills, Commander.” Lark shrugged and chuckled. “Then why don’t we have it this way? Choose your five best soldiers – including you. Let’s have a friendly match.”

“A friendly match,” Daltos repeated.

“That’s right. A friendly match,” said Lark. “If you win, I’ll keep my mouth shut. I'll let you take full command of this war. But if you lose, you will obey all of my commands. How about it?”

There was a momentary pause. Daltos replied, “Fine. But don’t expect me to go easy on you just because you’re a noble.”

“Of course,” chuckled Lark. “Is half an hour of preparation enough? Let’s battle it out in front of all the soldiers. It’ll be more interesting and convincing that way.”

Daltos clenched his fists. “Of course. So it’ll be a six versus six battle then. I will not hold back, so don’t take it against me later, kid.”

Lark lightly tilted his head. “Six versus six? No. I’m the only opponent.”

He added playfully, “All six of you will come at me at the same time. Make sure to do your best, Commander.”

Chapter Nineteen


News quickly spread like wildfire. The entire town was in uproar upon hearing that the Young Master was going to battle the Commander of the soldiers from Lion City. Hundreds of locals gathered outside the town. Including the soldiers camped outside, over a thousand people gathered to spectate the fight.

Commander Daltos breathed deeply. Looking at the young noble, he knew this fight would be easy. After all, he was well aware of the rumors surrounding Lark Marcus. A pampered noble like him would know nothing about fighting, moreover about war. This was why he could not simply hand over his authority over his men.

“Commander,” the soldier beside him said. “There’s no need for you to fight that brat. He said it’s six versus one? How stupid. Just one of us would be more than enough.”

The other soldiers nodded. These five men next to him were the strongest soldiers in this small army. Elites who could utilize mana. Even defeating a knight from the Royal Family was feasible if these five combined their strengths.

“We’ll lose face if we all fight him together,” said another. “Please allow just one of us to fight.”

This was also the same thought Daltos had in his mind. Indeed, in front of a thousand soldiers, fighting the noble with all six of them would be nothing but an embarrassment. They would become a laughing stock. They did not want to become branded as soldiers who bullied the naive young man.

But something bothered Daltos at the back of his mind.

Those corpses.

He has seen the heads of those beastmen. Most of them had their heads cleanly cut, clearly displaying the skills of the one who slaughtered them.

Daltos gazed at Lark. He scrutinized him from head to toe.
There’s hardly any mana flowing through his body. He’s just like the rest of these locals. If he’s unable to use mana, then…

His gaze shifted to the man next to Lark. A handsome man with golden hair. He was around two meters tall, and his stoic expression gave the impression of a battle-hardened individual.

What was his name again? Anandra?

Daltos came to the conclusion that that man must have been the one responsible for the cleanly cut head of those corpses. The mana leaking out of the man’s body was palpable and crude, as though he did not know how to suppress it at all. Out of all the soldiers serving under Lark Marcus, this man was the only noteworthy opponent possible.

“Commander.” A soldier reported. “The preparations are complete. We can start the battle at any moment.”

“Time sure flies fast,” mumbled Daltos. He did not realize that half an hour had already passed by. He said to the five soldiers next to him. “Let’s go.”

The moment Daltos and his five strongest soldiers made their appearance, everyone went into uproar. All eyes were glued to them as they made their way towards a large clearing. At its center, Lark Marcus was already waiting.

Lark smiled at him. “It’s a pleasure to have a friendly match with you, Commander. Shall we start?”

Daltos noticed the circle drawn on the ground. Its diameter was probably twenty meters, by estimate.

“I will warn you again,” said Daltos. “We will not hold back just because you’re a noble.”

Lark’s smile remained plastered on his face. He nodded once. “Of course.” He said to his men, “Give them their swords.”

Wooden swords were handed out to Daltos and his hand-picked soldiers. Upon gripping it tightly, they realized it was well-made, probably crafted out of Black Elk Wood. An expensive commodity sold in Lion City.

“The rules are simple,” said Lark. Everyone silently listened as he raised his voice. “It’ll be a six versus one battle. Whoever steps out of this circle
automatically loses the fight. The same goes for anyone who could no longer stand up or fight. And since this is just a friendly match, killing isn’t allowed. That’s why everyone is handed those practice swords. Instead of real ones, we’ll be using them in this fight. As for the reward – the winner shall obey the loser. In simpler terms, if I win, I will be granted full command of this army.”

As expected. This young lord feared for his life. This was probably the reason why he chose to use wooden swords instead of real ones in this fight. Moreover, he added those rules, which ensured his safety in this battle.
Well, it was a wise decision, Daltos thought.

“And if we win?” said Daltos. He wanted all of his soldiers to hear it.

“I will not intervene with the military matters any longer,” said Lark. “And to make things interesting, I’ll add an additional fifty gold coins on top of that.”

The last statement stirred the crowd. It was a magnanimous reward for a mere friendly fight. Some of the soldiers even wished they were included among the participating five.

“We accept,” said Daltos. Although the additional reward was enticing, he was more interested in showing the brat the reality of war. He was too arrogant to request his best soldiers to fight him all at once. “But there’s no real need to do a six versus one fight.”

“Brahim,” said Daltos.

A soldier wearing full leather armor stepped forward upon the mention of his name.

“He’s more than enough to fight you. There’s no real need for the rest of us to go, isn’t that right?”

Lark’s eyes glimmered for a moment. “So you’re telling me that you wish to fight me in a one versus one battle instead?”

“That’s right,” said Daltos. Fighting the young noble with all six of them combined would be a humiliating act.

Lark sighed. “I see.” He entered the circle. “Come.”
The moment the two were inside the make-do arena, the soldiers cheered. Some even started betting on who will win. And as Daltos expected, most of the bets were on Brahim.

“Come at me anytime.” Lark’s wooden sword remained dangling on his waist.

Brahim did not like this. He creased his brows. He looked at Daltos, and received the signal that it was okay to beat the noble to a pulp.

The sound of the horn was heard. He started his dash.

With swift movements, he quickly reached Lark. Instead of pulling out his wooden sword, he balled his fists. He wanted to his punch this noble and bring him back to reality. That, surely, would be satisfying to watch.

“Wha—”

But before his fists could even reach Lark, Brahim suddenly found himself thrown up into the air. Using his quick reflexes, he spun around three times and landed on the ground.

“You’ve lost,” said Lark. “Next.”

It took him a couple of seconds before he realized that he had been thrown out of the circle – out of the Arena. Brahim froze. He could feel the eyes of everyone on him.

Unable to contain the gazes any further, he protested, “But the fight hadn’t even started yet!’’

Lark scratched his cheeks. “It’ll be bothersome if you guys can’t even adhere to the rules. It was stated clearly, right? Whoever steps outside this circle automatically loses the fight.”

Brahim did not know how Lark did it, but he was suddenly thrown into the air and out of the arena without even a fight. He looked at Daltos. The Commander was clearly displeased of the outcome of the battle.

“Brahim, that’s enough,” said the Commander. “It’s your loss.” Brahim hanged his head low. “Yes, Sir.”

Commander Daltos deeply breathed in. Although everything happened in a flash, he was able to clearly see everything. The young noble used some
kind of martial art to redirect the force of Brahim’s punch and use it to throw him into the air instead.

For some reason, it reminded him of the Martial Arts of the Savages. The one passed down by the God of Fighting in the legends.

Just to be sure, he warned his men, “He probably studied from the Leonard Academy. Be careful.”

The remaining soldiers nodded. “So that’s why he’s so cocky, huh? But it takes ten years before one graduates from that Academy. So surely, he hadn’t learned all of their techniques. A drop out, maybe.”

The Martial Arts of the Savages was considered one of the three strongest Martial Arts in the entire continent. After the Savage Clan became part of the Kingdom fifty years ago, their teachings naturally spread far and wide. The Leonard Academy, named after the Fighting God, was considered the best school teaching their art.

According to experts, a graduate of the Leonard Academy could go toe to toe with a low ranking knight even without utilizing mana.

Just the fact that Lark Marcus may be a former student of that Academy made the elite soldiers serious about this match.

“So, who’s next?” said Lark. He had yet to pull his wooden sword out, and this greatly infuriated everyone.

Another soldier stepped inside the circle.

“Hey, I’m giving you guys the chance to come at me all at once.” Lark sighed.

“There’s no need for that.” The soldier cracked his knuckles. “So you know a bit of Martial Art, huh?” He leaned forward, ready to strike at any time.

The horn was blown.

The soldier stomped his feet on the ground and shot towards Lark. The spectators around them held their breaths as the soldier pulled the wooden sword from his waist. He was about to strike the noble when the figure in front of him suddenly disappeared.
He felt a hand grab his shoulder, and just like Brahim, he was thrown into the air. He hit the ground and rolled several times before halting to a stop. He gingerly stood up, groaning. He noticed that he was also thrown out of the arena.

What was happening? Everyone were obviously as baffled as he was. After Brahim’s defeat, he had been cautious of the noble’s Martial Arts.

“Next.” Lark’s voice tore through the silent crowd.

One after another, the so-called ‘elite’ soldiers in the army were thrown out of the arena. They did not even manage to land a single hit to their opponent. After all five of them lost the battle, Daltos snarled, “Stupid bastards! You can’t even defeat someone who can’t use mana!”

The five soldiers lowered their heads in embarrassment.

Daltos entered the circle. He saw Lark chuckling. “What’s so funny?” A vein popped on his head.

“Everything,” said Lark. He looked at the five soldiers he recently defeated. “Tell me, Commander. All six of you are capable of using mana, correct?”

Daltos did not like the condescending voice of the noble. “That’s right. So what?”

“Then why did none of them use mana in their fight against me?”

“Isn’t it obvious? Why should they use mana on someone like you, who can’t even use the simplest forms of magic?”

Lark paused for several seconds, his eyes scrutinizing the Commander. “This is the limit of the Commander… I see.”

Daltos was sure that the noble was referring to his innate ability; his ability to command his soldiers. Quickly, he turned livid. He trembled in fury at the thought that someone who could not even use offensive spells was mocking him right now.

“So you want us to use mana, huh?” he snarled. “Fine!”

Daltos chanted his magic. Slowly, a magic circle formed underneath his feet, and his entire body was soon engulfed in flames. His eyes turned crimson and predatory. The soldiers around them gulped. In the Lion City,
there was no one who did not know the name: Fire Golem. The magician protected by the element of fire. As long as he was covered by those flames, ordinary swords and arrows were rendered useless.

The one holding the horn used to signal the start of the battle froze. He did not want to blow it. If he did, the Young Lord might die from this battle.

Upon seeing the Commander glaring at him, he nervously swallowed. And after several seconds of hesitation, he blew the horn.

The sound felt ominous, as though it carried the death of the noble with it.

Daltos roared and charged towards the Young Lord.

“Not bad.” Lark pointed a finger at the charging beast. “But Commander Azura’s far stronger than that.”

The ground beneath Daltos formed cracks, and in a split second, caved in. Daltos’ eyes widened in surprise upon seeing a magic circle forming in the sky. As his body was being swallowed by the ground, several orbs of lightning started forming out of thin air, right beneath the magic circle. They crackled for a moment then shot towards him.

Magic?! And two elements at once?!

With his body still being swallowed by the ground, he was unable to dodge the orbs of lightning. He was continuously struck one after another. Despite his so-called impregnable armor of fire, he groaned in pain after each impact. Each of those orbs of lightning pummeled him deeper into the ground, and those that managed to penetrate his armor scorched his flesh.

The barrage of attacks continued until Daltos was half-dead, almost unconscious.

Silence befell everyone. They all stared at the Commander lying on the ground, unmoving, then at Lark. Since he did not use mana in his fight against the five elites, they came to the conclusion that he was incapable of offensive magic. That was why when the Commander charged at him, his body enclosed in flames, they thought of the worst ending.

But reality gave a different picture, entirely.

“Announce the winner,” said Lark.
The man holding the horn nervously gulped. “Y-Yes.” He raised his voice. “T-The winner is… The Young Lord!”

Loud cheers suddenly erupted. The soldiers from Lion City realized it came from the locals living in this town. The children, especially, were the loudest.

“Young Master! Young Master! Young Master!”

“Young Master! Young Master! Young Master!”

They did not expect Lark to be this popular among the populace. And judging by their reactions, it seemed that they all knew that Lark was this strong.

Lark pointed a finger at the ground. It started moving and spat Commander Daltos out. Lark approached the leader of the army.

“Still alive?” said Lark.

Daltos replied with a groan.

“You’re pretty tough. As expected.” Lark took out a small vial from his pouch. “This is a middle-grade potion. Drink it.”

Just right when he was about to make Daltos drink the liquid, Big Mona came running. “Wait!”

The fat man ran so fast that he ended up huffing, almost sliding down the ground several times. Numerous beads of sweat flowed down his face.

“Wait!” repeated Big Mona. “Middle-Grade Potion?! I want to see it! I want to see with my own eyes what it’s like!”

Lark stared at the fat merchant for a moment, before he resumed giving the medicine. After Daltos emptied the vial, the scorched areas on his body started dissipating, as though they were being erased by an invisible hand. His face also started regaining its color.

Slowly, he sat up. He shook his head twice and stared at his hands. He mumbled, “My wounds… are all gone.”

He could not believe that a potion was capable of this. Even the medicines sold in the Capital were not this effective.
Big Mona was salivating as he looked at Lark. “You still remember our deal, right?”

“Of course,” said Lark. “You’ll be fully compensated once this war is over.”

Big Mona shrieked. “Yes! As expected! Coming personally to this small town is worth it!”

Lark tapped the fat merchant’s soldier. “Let’s think about that later. For now, we must do our best to survive.” He looked at Daltos. “Commander, I think it’s clear who won this fight.”

Daltos clenched his fists. “Yes.”

Lark breathed in. “Do you know the reason why you lost?” Daltos looked at him quizzically.

“You and your men are going to be vital in the war to come. It’s important for you to understand your mistakes here and now.” Lark raised three fingers. “You’ve made three mistakes. First, you forgo the opportunity to fight me six versus one. There are no definite rules in war, Commander. It is not cowardly to fight an opponent using overwhelming numbers.”

Daltos remembered the time when Lark suggested a six versus one battle. He had been too arrogant. Thinking that his opponent was nothing but a brat, he chose to fight him one-on-one.

“Second, you did not seek information about your opponent beforehand,” said Lark. He tapped the shoulder of Big Mona. “This guy here knows I’m capable of offensive magic. The reason why I gave you half an hour of preparation is because of this.”

Daltos stared at Big Mona. The fat merchant’s gaze was still filled with greed upon seeing the middle-grade potion. Daltos was sure that had he asked, Big Mona would have surely told him what he knew about Lark beforehand.

“Third, you underestimated your opponent,” said Lark. “All six of you are capable of utilizing mana, right? Then why is it only you who used magic against me?”

Daltos hanged his head. He could not refute the Young Lord’s statements.
“I lost the battle,” he finally said. “As promised, I’ll hand over the command of the entire army to you.”

The soldiers around them burst into murmurs upon hearing this. They did not expect the Commander to lose. Now, this Young Lord would have full authority over the entire army.

Lark went to the center of the arena. Under the gaze of everyone present, he raised his voice and said, “You heard Commander Daltos! I now hold full authority over this entire Army!”

He paused.

“Now, for my first order!”

Everyone held their breaths as they listened.

“Dig on the ground! Carry wood and stones!” said Lark. “I want all one thousand soldiers to work together and convert this town into a fortress!”

He raised his index finger. “Finish this task in one week.”

Chapter Twenty


[Kingdom’s Capital – Behemoth City]

Behemoth City was in a festive mood. Banners were hanged all over the city, as numerous Bards sang songs for the Royal Family. Despite the apparent shortage of food due to the Black Famine last harvest season, numerous stalls were handing out free food – all of which were sponsored by the Royal Family. This had been a tradition in Behemoth City during the first day of the Month of the Sun. Today was a very special day, after all: The Feast of the Sun God.

King Alvis was inside his room, standing in front of an orb the size of an ox’s head. Every day, without fail, he would check this Artifact for messages from the Knights he sent out to assess the candidates. Each of the messages sent here were short and concise, but he enjoyed reading them regardless.

Recently, the most interesting reports were about these two candidates:

Kalavinka Kelvin and Lui Marcus.

King Alvis knew that Lui Marcus was a genius, but he had not expected Kalavinka to be so capable. According to the reports, the third son of Duke Kelvin successfully annihilated the Busk Pirates in the Southern Mullgray Sea. It was an exceptional feat, considering the fact that the Kingdom of Lukas did not have a proper navy.

If Kalavinka inherits the throne, we might enter the golden age of Sea Exploration. We’ll no longer fear those pirates, especially those barbarians from Mullgray Islands.

The King smiled at this thought. The pirates from Mullgray have begun invading the Kingdom recently, pillaging the small villages near the sea. According to his Intel, the same thing was happening in the Empire, but since that massive country have a strong navy, they were able to easily repel the invaders back.

The Mullgray Pirates have dominated the sea for centuries. The Empire tried several times to make those barbarians bow down to them, but failed
each time. Knowing this, King Alvis had long since abandoned the hope of claiming back the islands next to the Kingdom. If the Empire, with their strong navy, failed, there was no questioning how the Kingdom would fare in a naval fight against those pirates.

But now, things seemed different.

According to the reports, Kalavinka revolutionized the navy of his territory.

Using an unknown substance, he created fire capable of burning in water.

King Alvis could see the endless possibilities if they made proper use of this discovery. The mere thought of claiming back the lost islands of the Kingdom did not seem impossible anymore.

That young man. Kalavinka. When I first met him, he did not even dare look at me in the eyes. A timid child. Who knew he’ll be so capable in a naval fight?

King Alvis looked at the next report. It was from the knight tasked to monitor Lui Marcus. According to the report, the Marcus Army started subjugating the monsters from Louan Plains. The King did not know the reason behind it, but was interested regardless. That genius commander surely had his reasons for trying to clear that den of monsters.

“It’s really nice to have lived this long.” King Alvis touched his chest and smiled wryly. He could feel his faintly beating heart. “My only wish is that I’ll live long enough to see the prosperity of this Kingdom.”

According to the Royal Court Magician who examined him, he only had five years at most to live. This was the reason why, despite the chaos it would cause, he announced such decree to the Kingdom. The competition for the throne was necessary. He could not afford to leave the throne vacant upon his death.

I’ll still have a year left after the competition ends. I will use that time to oversee my successor, to guide him to the right path. The Empire and the Mullgray Islands are simply bidding their time. Once they find the chance, they’ll swallow this Kingdom.

King Alvis coughed, and a thin line of blood dripped down his mouth. He wiped it off using the back of his hand.
The Curse of Agares.

A disease that ran through the Royal Family. The previous King, and the King before that, died of the same curse.

According to the legend passed down from the Royal Family, the first King made a pact with the Demon Agares. In return of consuming a portion of the soul of all the King’s descendants, the Demon helped the human in founding the Kingdom.

King Alvis was actually fortunate to have lived this long despite that. Without the help of the Royal Court Magicians, he would have already died a decade ago.

I’m running out of time.

A knock was heard. The voice of his personal guard was heard outside the room. “Your Majesty, the Dukes have arrived.”

King Alvis fixed his garb. “Just in time.”

There was so much he wanted to hear from the three. And the feast of the Sun God was the perfect excuse to summon the heads of the Three Great Families.

As he was about to leave the room, the artifact glowed, indicating that a new message had just arrived.

King Alvis stared at the orb.

“From Mikael?”

He remembered the knight well. He was the same knight who served by his side during the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident.

As far as he remembered, he assigned the knight to oversee the second son of Duke Drakus.

“You Majesty?” the voice of the guard outside was worried. “Is everything alright?”

King Alvis closed his eyes. He decided to read the report of Mikael once he came back. For now, he decided to meet the three Dukes.

He opened the door, and the four guards outside immediately bowed.

“Lead me there,” said King Alvis.
***

Inside the Grand Hall, dozens of renowned nobles gathered to celebrate the Feast of the Sun God. This was actually a pretext, and the real reason for their attendance was to create connections with the powerful men attending the banquet.

Out of all these nobles, the ones who were garnering the most attention were the Dukes: Kelvin and Drakus.

Each of these men leads over ten thousand soldiers. With a single command, Legions would march under their flags. It was no exaggeration to say that they held the military might of the entire Kingdom.

Meeting these Dukes was impossible even for knights and barons. All the nobles in this Grand Hall were eager to at least make their acquaintance.

“Ah, Duke Drakus.” Duke Kelvin was the first to approach. His fat body resembled a bloated slime. “So you’re also a patron of the Sun God, huh? A pleasant surprise.”

Duke Drakus politely smiled. They both knew the real reason behind their attendance. “Of course. Gryphon City’s named after the guardian of Valhalla, after all. There’s no way I wouldn’t celebrate the birth of the Sun God.”

Duke Kelvin sipped his wine. “Is that so? No wonder the temple in Gryphon City worships the Water God.”

A sarcastic remark. It was a well-known fact that the Water God and the Sun God were rivals. Antagonistic deities that tried to kill each other before the time of Mortals.

Duke Drakus concealed the hatred from showing on his face. He knew that no matter what he did or say here, this pig would never learn his place. He kept his smile plastered.

“The Marcus Family is a believer of the Seven Gods. It’s only natural,” said Duke Drakus. He looked around and momentarily gazed at the nobles merrily chatting in the Grand Hall. Each of them wore smiling faces, but he knew that all of those were masks concealing their demons inside. “It seems that Youchester is late. As always.”
Youchester was the youngest among the three Dukes. A man in his early forties. Unlike the other two, he never showed real interest in power struggles. During the time when the King declared the competition for the throne, Duke Youchester said that he would wholeheartedly serve the new King, regardless of which family he would come from. Still, he allowed his sons to participate in the competition, but refused to openly take part in the small skirmishes between the Great Powers.

Duke Drakus actually liked the young Duke despite his easy-going personality. Whenever he conversed with Youchester, he could feel the man’s sincerity. A stark contrast to this scheming pig before him.

The Grand Chamberlain entered the hall. He cleared his throat and declared in a loud voice, “The embodiment of God Neruz. The heart of the Sun. His Majesty, King Alvis Lukas VI has arrived. Everyone – show your respect.”
The chatters immediately died down. Everyone, including the Dukes, bowed their heads in respect as the King arrived.

“Raise your heads,” said King Alvis.

Everyone raised their heads and gazed at the King standing on the pedestal.

“I would like to thank everyone for coming here to celebrate the feast of the Sun God. The Deity of Behemoth City. The protector of our Kingdom,” said King Alvis. “We have prepared a feast. Please eat to your heart’s content!”

As though on cue, several servants came in, pulling food carts with them. The already sumptuous feast spread on the tables was further filled with numerous delicacies and alcohol.

“To liven the evening, we have invited the famous Blue Moonlight Troop!” The King spread his arms wide.

Upon the mention of the troop’s name, several men and women entered the hall. The nobles immediately recognized them. The most famous actors and actresses of the Kingdom. A single ticket for their play costed at least fifty silvers, an amount only nobles could afford. For the front row seats, the price reached up to three gold coins. It was no exaggeration to say that there was no noble in the Kingdom who did not know the troop’s name.
The leader of the troop took out a small magic stone, and using it, amplified his voice. “We would like to thank your Majesty for inviting us to perform a play for the Feast of the Sun God.” He bowed his head before the King.

“We have prepared a special play for this moment. A play reenacting the life of the avatar of the Sun God – Evander Alaester.”

Mellifluous music started playing. The leader of the troop continued, “This play is entitled: The Arch Magus and the Demon Lord Barkuvara.”


***


The celebration of the feast of the Sun God went on for hours. After the feast, King Alvis summoned the Dukes to the throne room.

“Youchester didn’t come?” King Alvis frowned.

Duke Kelvin and Duke Drakus looked at each other.

“I’m afraid not, Your Majesty,” said Duke Drakus.

“We should impose a penalty for that man!” Kelvin chided. “Ignoring the summons of his Majesty is a disrespectful act! Even as a Duke, he should —”

“—Enough,” interjected the King. “I’ve received a message that his youngest son was down with a terrible fever. I was hoping he could come despite the circumstances, but…” He sighed. “I will let this pass for now.”

Duke Kelvin gnashed his teeth. As always, the King was lenient with Youchester. Was it because that Duke was young, almost the same age as the King’s oldest daughter? He disliked this thought.

“I summoned the Dukes here to discuss important matters concerning the survival of our Kingdom.”

The statement made the two Dukes stiffen. They were both aware of the war that had been occurring left and right within the entire Kingdom.

“I will get straight to the point,” said the King. “I have proposed an alliance to the Dwarven Kingdom.”

“The Dwarven Kingdom,” repeated Duke Drakus.
“But how?” said Duke Kelvin. “That country closed off their borders several decades ago. Even the Empire is unable to enter their territory in fear of facing the wrath of the Dragon protecting their country.”

“I cannot disclose the method, but I’ve successfully made contact with their King.” King Alvis coughed twice. Viscount Lakian, the Grand Chamberlain, worriedly approached him. King Alvis waved a hand, dismissing him. “I’m fine.”

“The Dwarves will provide us with weapons. With it, repelling the invasion of the Empire and the Mullgray should be feasible at the same time. This is our only shot at survival. I know you are aware, but it is impossible for us to handle a joint attack from those two colossal forces. Without the weapons from the dwarves, it’ll be only a matter of time before our Kingdom collapses.”

Weapons from the Dwarven race were highly coveted. Each of them were finely made, strong enough to repel even the strongest of attacks from knights. Furthermore, some of their weapons have souls imbued in it – weapons capable of utilizing mana by itself.

Those weapons would enable a non-magician to utilize mana, transforming him into a knight in an instant.

This was the reason why several countries tried making pacts with the Dwarves, in hopes of acquiring their military might. Unfortunately, a Dragon had been protecting the Dwarven Kingdom for centuries. Even the Empire did not dare invade their country, in fear of inducing the wrath of the beast.

But there was no such thing as free in this world. Everything had a price.

The Dukes knew this.

“What do they want in return, Your Majesty?” said Duke Drakus.

“Barrels of Red Plum Wine,” said the King. “Thirty thousand of it per month.”

The eyes of the three Dukes widened. The requested amount was absurd. At most, they could probably provide only three thousand barrels each. Even Golden Wheat City would be unable to provide such amount even after a year.
“Those alcoholic bastards,” mumbled Duke Kelvin.

“Duke Kelvin, watch your mouth,” said Duke Drakus. “We are before his Majesty.”

Duke Kelvin shut his lips, but his frown remained regardless. He could already foresee what the King would request of them.

“Can you do it?” said the King.

The two Dukes were silent for a moment.

“I know that your domains have all been struck by the Black Famine last harvest season,” said the King. “To reach the quota of thirty thousand barrels, we’ll have to convert several farmlands into red plum farms. It’ll greatly decrease the sustainability of the affected regions, this much I’m aware. But Kelvin, Drakus – We need the help of the Dwarves to survive.”

Everyone in the room knew that it was only a matter of time before the Empire launched an all-out attack against the Kingdom. Furthermore, the threat of the Mullgray was just around the corner.

If they lose the war, they would also lose their lands. Despite their displeasure, the two Dukes had no choice but to comply.

Duke Drakus was the first to concede with the King’s request. “Ten thousand barrels for each Duke. I will make sure to meet the required quota, your Majesty.”

Duke Kelvin made a chet sound before bowing his head. “The same. I will comply, Your Majesty.”

King Alvis sighed in relief. He knew of these Duke’s temperament. He was glad that they agreed to his request, at the very least.

Now, all that was left was to recruit more soldiers for the Army.


***


After the two Dukes left, King Alvis remained sitting on his throne. His head throbbed as stabbing pain radiated through his chest. Seeing this, Viscount Lakian immediately ran to him.
“Your Majesty!” said the Viscount. He shouted at the guards, “The Healers! Call the Royal Court Magicians here! Now!”

The guards, their faces pallid, immediately ran out of the throne room to call for help.

King Alvis’ vision blurred. He vomited on the ground. The Curse of Agares have started taking its toll on his body. This was not the first time he experienced these things. And he noticed that the symptoms started appearing more frequently lately.

King Alvis could feel his consciousness drifting away from him. He could no longer hear the frantic voice of the Viscount beside him.

For some reason, a single thought filled his mind.

It was not the Dwarves. Not the impending war with the Empire. Not the Mullgray Pirates. It was not even the competition for the throne.

Ah, that’s right. I haven’t read the reports of Mikael yet.

It was the first time Mikael made a report to him. And somehow, it felt oddly important. As though it would decide the fate of the Kingdom.

With regret filling his mind, King Alvis’s consciousness faded into the black.

Chapter Twenty-One


“Adjutant Fior, the General wishes to see you.”

Fior sighed. It’s been a week since they lost contact with the Vanguard. During these past few days, Fior adamantly insisted that they stop the Main Army from advancing towards Blackstone Town.

I guess this is the limit.

The close aids of the General have been expressing their discontents left and right. Fior knew that it would only be a matter of time before they mobilized the entire army once again.

Fior fixed his robe and went to the General’s tent. Upon entering, several piercing gazes and condescending glares greeted him. The silence within the room was suffocating.

“You’ve come.” General Urkawi, a beastman resembling a gorilla, broke the ice.

Fior closed the flap of the tent, went towards the opposite end of the table, and bowed his head. “Yes. You called for me, Sir?”

“We plan on mobilizing the army soon.” General Urkawi went straight to the point. “But as the one who drafted this plan of capturing that town, I wish to hear your thoughts.”

Fior was inwardly relieved. At the very least, he would be able to convey his conjectures and findings.

The Rabbit looked at all the high-ranking officers in the room, breathed in and said, “I suggest that we wait for several days more before marching out.”

Upon that statement, the adjutants immediately went into clamor. “This damn coward!”

“As expected of a Rabbit!”

“And to think that he’s the one who proposed this plan! And now, he wants to stop?!”
“—Enough!” snarled General Urkawi. He slammed his hand on the table, creating numerous cracks upon impact. He stared at the Rabbit beastman. “You must have your reasons. Tell us why.”

Fior took out a small piece of parchment from his pocket. “I’m sure you’ve all received this message from Vice Commander Lauro of the Vanguard Army.” He raised the hand holding the letter. “This is the last message we received before we lost contact with the Vanguard.”

Everyone silently listened. They all knew of the letter’s contents.

“The Vice Commander is a prudent beastman. I know this more than anyone here since we were under the tutelage of the same master.” Fior adjusted his glasses. His two large teeth were conspicuous as he spoke. “I’ve never met him before, since he’d left the school several years before I’ve enrolled. But my master would frequently speak fondly of him every now and then.”

“Get straight to the point,” Panthomim, the right hand man of Urkawi, spat.

Fior momentarily closed his eyes. “A tactician as good as him would have sent a last minute message even on the brink of death. But instead, the last message we received was a request for reinforcements.”

Fior breathed in. “I believe that the Vanguard Army has been totally annihilated.”

The entire room froze after the bold declaration. Cold sweat ran down the adjutants’ faces.

“A-Absurd! Everyone knows of Commander Azura’s strength!”

“That’s right! A monster like that wouldn’t easily die even if he was surrounded by a hundred humans!”

Fior wanted to shake his head in dismay. These beastmen were feeble-minded. After analyzing the last message from the Vice Commander of the Vanguard, there was no other suitable conclusion to come up with other than this.

“Lauro would have sent another message if they suddenly found themselves in great peril,” said Fior. “But we received nothing but a request for a thousand more soldiers.” He looked straight into the eyes of the General.
“The Vanguard was probably annihilated in an instant. General, please reconsider.”

General Urkawi was clearly in distraught. The time limit imposed by the Beast King was looming closer. Should he listen to his adjutants and mobilize the entire army to capture that town, or should he listen to this Rabbit? Unlike his men, he could see the implications of this single decision.

The General looked at everyone in the room. Silence befell the group.

Everyone awaited the General’s final decision.

Eventually, he said, “We’re moving out.”

The adjutants broke into suppressed cheers. They looked at Fior, their eyes those of the victor’s.

“Finally!”

“I’ve been itching to crush those damn humans!” “We’ll finally reclaim the Eastern Region back!”

General Urkawi growled. “Disseminate the news! We will move out in an hour!”

The adjutants stood up and made their salutes. “Yes, General!”

Before going out of the tent, General Urkawi touched the shoulder of Fior. He softly said, “I understand your worries, but it’s too late to fall back now. The will of the Beast King is absolute. We shall offer that region to his Majesty.”

Urkawi opened the flap to the tent, allowing the sun to seep through. “Come. We march to Blackstone Town.”

Following the General, Fior went out of the tent. Chatters resounded as horses neighed and armors clanked. Thousands of soldiers started preparing for the march.

Although he’d seen it numerous times before, Fior could not help but be in awe of this grand sight.

A legion.

An army numbering more than ten thousand.
General Urkawi grinned. “Even if the Vanguard was indeed annihilated, there’s no stopping this massive army.”

Fior knew this was somehow true. Indeed, in front of such massive numbers, enemies would be unable to do anything but crumble.

But somehow, the last message of Lauro before they lost contact bothered him.

Fior shook his head. The General had made his decision. There was no stopping this army now.

Several beastmen approached the General. “Sir, we’re almost done loading the rations!”

“The infantry is ready to move out any time! At your command!” “The archers are ready, General!”

“Good work,” said the General. He breathed in a gust of air, and without warning, shouted, “Warriors!”

His shout seemed to shake the ground itself. The clamors around them immediately stopped. Even the horses froze on their spot. Everyone’s eyes were fixated on the General.

“This mission was personally entrusted to me by the Beast King! Capturing Blackstone Town is just the first step! A stepping stone! Listen, warriors of the Beastmen Race! Failure is not an option! We shall grasp victory with our own hands!”

He roared, “An hour from now, we shall move out!”

The entire Legion saluted, creating a mellifluous crisp sound. “Yes, General!”

***

Commander Daltos was baffled by how things unfolded these fast few days. After his defeat, the authority over the entire army fell to the hands of the young noble.

He firmly believed this would cause an uproar, especially since the young noble’s first order was for the soldiers to dig through the ground. An order for manual labor.
But to his surprise, Big Mona stepped in and announced: “Aside from the promised one gold coin, an additional fifty silvers per soldier will be given as compensation for this construction work.”

The power of money.

Just that single statement alone quelled all discontent within the soldiers. Just that statement alone unified the soldiers and made them passionate about the mundane task.

Fifty silvers were equivalent to almost half a year of salary for the soldiers. And the chance to earn them in just a single week was suddenly presented before their very eyes. Instead of despising the Young Master for making them do such mundane task, they were filled with gratefulness instead. Coming to this small town was indeed like coming across a gold mine.

Commander Daltos realized that Lark had talked with Big Mona beforehand, as though the young noble had foreseen his victory against him and his hand-picked elites.

But why was the Head Merchant going to such lengths just to please this young noble? He even went out of the solace of Lion City just to meet him personally. This, Daltos could not understand.

On the first day, everyone was tasked to dig through the ground. The strength of a thousand soldiers proved its worth in performing this task. In just a single day, they were able to create a trench around the perimeter of the entire town, with some open, undug spots where carts could pass through.

On the second day, more than half of the soldiers were sent out to cut the trees in the Endless Forest, while the remaining ones were tasked to cut and transport the logs.

As though the Young Master had foreseen everything, dozens of large axes and saws were handed out to the soldiers. This enabled everyone to immediately proceed with their tasks. After cutting the trees, the logs were placed on saw pits. And under the guidance of the Mason and several of his men, the timbers were cut into the same sizes. They were not perfectly cut, but at least they were all of the same height. Immediately after this, the timbers were then carried towards the town.
But what puzzled Daltos the most was the sharpness of those tools. Even after the soldiers used them for several hours nonstop, there were still no chips nor dents at their edges, as though each of them were made by a well-known blacksmith from the Capital.

On the fourth day, the Young Master made a preposterous order: “While the other half of this army continues to procure more wood for us, I want the rest of the soldiers to start erecting posts – make a palisade – make a wooden wall. I want this done within the next few days. Understood?”

That time, Daltos firmly believed that the Young Master had gone delusional. It was impossible to create a wooden wall surrounding the entire town in just a couple of days. Each of those logs were around eight meters in length, and it would need at least four men to carry one of them. Carrying them from the forest to this town was one thing, but erecting them to form walls was a different matter entirely.

As Daltos silently mocked the young noble, a stunning sight greeted his eyes.

What are those guys?!

Three men wearing full plate armors suddenly came out of nowhere and began lifting the logs and erecting them on the ground one by one. The young master immediately ordered the soldiers to tie hemp ropes to each poles, creating fortifications.

The men in full plate armors were monsters. Even after several hours of lifting logs, they showed no signs of needing rest. With their help, the tasks proceeded at a faster rate.

Daltos was sure that those three were Knights. Probably low-ranking ones capable of body strengthening magic.

He did not expect that such men would be serving the Young Master, in this desolated territory. The rate of how logs were transported from the forest and then made into palisades bordered the absurd. Had Daltos not seen it with his own eyes, he would have not believed it.

On the sixth day, the wooden wall was almost complete. Combined with the trenches in front of it, the town started to resemble a fortress. The Mason and his men even started building a wooden bridge.
Underneath the trenches, numerous spikes of hard earth covered the ground. He could imagine what would happen to the enemies that would fall on it. Daltos had not seen how it was made, but he heard from the soldiers that the Young Master was the one who cast earth magic and made those traps.

With such a dangerous trench in front of the wooden wall, it would take sacrifices just to capture this small town.

But that was not enough for the Lord of this Town.

When Daltos met Lark, the young noble casually remarked, “The wooden walls are almost done. We can now proceed in building the real one.”

“Real one?” Daltos was stunned.

“Stonewalls,” said Lark. “Those beastmen could attack us at any time, that’s why I prioritized the construction of these wooden walls. We need at least a barricade to protect ourselves, don’t you think? Unexpected things could happen. This war could last a long time, Commander.”

“Wait!” Daltos almost shouted. “Based on your statement, an army of beastmen could come and attack this town at any time! And you still plan on building stonewalls despite that?!”

As a war veteran, this was something Daltos could not comprehend. Normally, under such circumstances wherein war could break out at any moment, the Supreme Commander would task his soldiers to prepare for battle.

Looking around, all of the soldiers were still busy with their mundane tasks. If an enemy attacked them now, they would be unable to put up any proper resistance.

Lark seemed to have read his mind. “It’s fine. The enemies are still several days away from this town. It’ll take them five days to a week to reach that forest over there. If we add the time it would take for them to do reconnaissance, then we surely have ample time.”

“How are you so sure of these things?” Daltos was grim. “If your speculations are wrong—”

“—They’re not speculations,” said Lark. He sighed, “It’s useless arguing about this matter. It seems that those things I’ve asked of my men have been
completed. I'll show you something interesting. Come with me.”

Daltos followed Lark and they boarded a cart. Under Lark’s instructions, they went deep into the nearby forest.

“This place should be good enough,” said Lark. “Stop.”

The cart stopped and several soldiers pulled out large sacks from the back of the cart.

“What are we doing here?” asked Daltos.

“You’ll know soon enough.” Lark nodded at the soldier next to him. “Five trees apart. Do it.”

On cue, the soldiers opened the bags and putrid stench leaked out. Daltos’ eyes widened upon seeing the heads inside. All of them were beastmen.
Peculiarly, each of their ears have holes and strings tied to it. Daltos wondered what they were for. He soon found the answer to his question.

“What are they doing?!” he breathed, his body shuddering from what he saw.

The soldiers were tying the severed heads of the beastmen to the branches of the trees, each of them spaced evenly apart from each other.

Soon, the forest started giving out an ominous feeling, with unbearable stench permeating the surrounding.

This act was barbaric. It did not hold any hint of pride in it, at all. Daltos stared at the young noble. Despite his innocent face, he was a demon.

How could a human stoop so low as to use the severed heads of his enemies like this? It was repulsive.

Lark stared straight into Daltos’ eyes. He did not utter a single word. He merely smiled.

After the soldiers were done, they returned to Blackstone Town.

Chapter Twenty-Two


The air seemed to tremble as the army of beastmen marched through the plains. Their footsteps made the ground quiver as metals clanked and horses neighed. It had been two days since they resumed their advance.

The army numbering ten thousand soon entered a dead forest.

“Phantomim.” General Urkawi summoned his most trusted subordinate. “This forest. It was not mentioned in the report.”

Phantomim quickly looked around. All of the trees had withered away. Dried leaves blanketed the ground. There were no signs of life anywhere and even the birds hovering above refused to approach the area.

“According to our intel, there's no dead forest in this area.” Phantomim’s voice trailed off. He started doubting the credibility of the report. After all, a dead forest with innumerable withered trees couldn’t have sprouted overnight.

“Those lizardmen again, huh?” snorted Generak Urkawi. “They kept bragging of how good their reconnaissance abilities are, but look at this!”

An officer approached the General. “Sir, it’s midnight. Should we continue with our march? We might be able to reach those hills over there in the next three hours.”

General Urkawi squinted and looked at the hills beyond. Although this forest was dead and it would be impossible to procure any food from it, he judged that it would still be better to camp here than at the hills over there. After all, his army was the size of a legion.

“No. We’ll camp here for the night. Disseminate it to everyone.” “Understood!”

After receiving their orders, the entire army stopped. Warriors pitched tents and several others started handing out the rations. Numerous campfires were quickly made left and right, lighting up the forest in the middle of the night.

A couple of hours passed.
Just when General Urkawi was about to go to sleep, a commotion broke outside his tent.

“H-Hey! What are you doing?!”

“He’ll wake up the General! Grab him!”

General Urkawi went out to see what it was about. He was immediately greeted by the sight of an elderly beastman kneeling on the ground. Several guards were pinning him down, but the old beastman still continued to struggle nonstop.

“Let go! I told you! I need to see the General!” shouted the beastman.

“Shut up!” one of the guards angrily spat. “You know the General’s temperament! He’ll kill you if you wake him up!”

“I know! But it doesn’t matter! The fate of the entire army depends on this one! Let me see the General!”

Urkawi’s ear twitched upon hearing this. “Let him go.”

The guards didn’t realize that the General had been standing there for quite some time now. Upon seeing him, they froze, then quickly let go of the old beastman.

Grabbing this chance, the old beastman ran towards the General. He stopped right before Urkawi, and with moist eyes, knelt down, huffing.

“General!” he cried. “This is a mistake! This forest! We should get out of this forest!”

General Urkawi frowned. Although he did not know this beastman’s name, he was sure that he was part of the group of shamans tasked to heal the wounded ones.

“What do you mean?” said General Urkawi.

The shaman took out a small, dead bird from his robe. “Look! One of my messenger birds died! It died!”

There was silence.

“General, the beastmen’s physique is naturally stronger than humans. I’m sure none of you notices this, but this forest is filled with poison fog! It
wouldn’t be noticeable by now, but the poison would eventually sap away the strength of this entire Legion!”

The General decided that there was no harm in listening to this old beastman. “Show me proof. You’re part of the shamans, right? Bring everyone here. Tell them it is an order from the General.”

The old beastman nodded several times. He scurried away and disappeared from sight. In less than ten minutes, he came back, bringing with him almost a dozen grim-looking beastmen.

“Falma! What is this about?!” one of them snarled. The moment he saw the General standing outside the tent, he froze and stared at the old beastman in shock. “Y-You! What did you do?! Why did you have to spout nonsense in front of the General!”

“It’s not nonsense! I told you! This forest is poisoned!” retorted the old beastman.

“Enough,” the calm voice of the General made them immediately stop.

“I summoned all of you here to verify this shaman’s claim.” Urkawi’s piercing gaze made the shamans quiver. “Can you do it?”
Everyone knew there was only one answer to this question. After looking at the old shaman with contempt, they started their investigation. Half an hour later, everyone were dumfounded by the results. Indeed, this entire forest was poisoned. The reason why none of them noticed it until now was because of its peculiarity.

The dangerous substance which currently filled the air they breathed was not organic, nor was it something commonly found in these lands.
Miasma. The product of death itself. The byproduct of lives dispersing into the void.

All throughout history, only places where innumerable lives were lost were filled with these malignant substances. Unless thousands of lives have perished on this forest less than a year ago, it would have been impossible for Miasma to have formed in this area.

“But how?” said one of the shamans. It was the same question that ran through everyone’s minds.
“I’ve heard of magic poisoning before,” said Urkawi. “It’s a disease which could be fatal for humans. But how about beastmen?”

The old shaman answered, “It’s basically the same for us, General. It’s a chronic disease which opens up the victim’s meridians, making his mana continuously leak out. Magic Poisoning is fatal, but with proper rest, one could fully recover after a month.”

“A month of rest, huh?” General Urkawi contemplated. “How long till the symptoms start?”

“A couple of days at most,” said the old shaman. “The warriors of this legion will become significantly weaker after that.”

Urkawi fell silent. Should he order everyone to retreat back to their country? To recuperate? He knew that it would be a far too risky move to mobilize an attack under such state.

But in less than a week, we’ll be able to reach that town. A territory as small as that will easily fall in our hands. Even if the beastmen are weakened with Magic Poisoning, those humans will still be unable to defend against an attack of such massive scale. This is not a battle against those puny humans. It is merely a battle of time.

Urkawi realized that decisiveness would play a key role in obtaining the victory to this battle.

“Falma, was it?” Urkawi gazed at the old shaman. “You did a good job. You shall be handsomely rewarded after this war.”

The other shamans looked at the old beastman with envy.

But surprisingly Falma did not look pleased in the slightest. With quivering voice, he asked, “G-General? Are you telling me that you’re continuing this war?”

Urkawi nodded. “That’s right. It’s a race against time. We just need to capture that town in a single instant.”
