Killian and Francis both took steps forward to walk closer to Kai. The latter’s face was filled with a big question.

“How did Your Lordship know about that?”

Kai looked at Francis and responded, “I found a book on the laws and went through it. I just wanted to find something that’d leverage us.”

“I know the basic laws, but something like this was never taught to me,” Francis muttered, looking ashamed of himself.

“You should take a look at a few books in the library. You might learn new things.”

Kai said and stretched his hands.

“I will, Lord Arzan. With this, we have six months to pay off the debt. I think we would be able to with the Heat stones,” he said with a big smile on his face.

On the other hand, Killian seemed to be contemplating something. Looking at Kai, he hesitated before speaking again. “Lord Arzan, I don't know if I saw it right, but did you cast a spell there?”

“What?” Francis stared at him.

“I felt a rush of mana behind me,” he explained, looking at Kai who hadn't expected that.

It seems like he can sense mana.

Deciding to ask more questions about it later, Kai put his palm head and conjured up a small flame on top of it.

There was no better moment to reveal it.

Smiling, he glanced at the shocked gazes of both of them, “Yes, I'm a Mage.”

***

Galvan stormed out of the estate. His expression was a mix of frustration and resentment as he gritted his teeth.

His footsteps echoed through the courtyard as he briskly walked away, leaving the estate behind.

Once at a sufficient distance from the estate, the merchant turned to his imposing bodyguard, a bitter scowl etched across his face.

“This is just infuriating… I can’t believe we had to leave that place without a signed agreement. Those nobles think they can just use their laws to bend everything in their favour,” he said, shaking his head. “And you, we aren't dealing with a normal noble. It's a Duke's son here. No matter what, his one drop of blood is still more valuable than your head. From next time, if you do something like that, I will make sure you suffer for it.”

The bitterness was layered on every word he said. The bodyguard nodded, keeping his head low. He had just made a fool of himself and knew better than to talk back.

Finally, Galvan dismissively waved his hand. Frowning, he gave one last look at the estate, "Forget this. We'll play along for now, but after six months, when the extension is over, we'll get everything as initially planned. Just make sure you keep a close eye on the estate. Those fools won't know what hit them. Especially that useless Arzan.”

He said while getting on his carriage. The bodyguards simply nodded as they followed behind.



A note from Extra26



Hello everyone, please leave out a review and follow the novel if you enjoy it!





10. A miner's POV


A note from Extra26





Zeke doesn't want to destroy the world. Problem is, he's an Apocalypse.

Zeke and his friends are enjoying the city when suddenly, the apocalypse begins. Which one? All of them. Lucky (or unlucky) enough to be chosen as an apocalypse, Zeke sets off to [Devour] his way to the top!

It wouldn't be so bad, but his best friend's out to kill him, that rock has a gun, and everything, literally everything, has gone to hell. Zeke came out here to have a good time, and honestly, he's feeling so attacked right now.

Weak to strong prog fantasy with skills and skill fusion.

Now on Amazon and KU! Click image to check out the book on Amazon!



* * *





The snow was pouring heavily outside the window as a man stared at it. His gaunt eyes were filled with helplessness.

He grabbed the hem of his tattered robe and tightened it around himself, trying to breathe even though his entire body was shivering. He tried to rub his ear lobes, to create fiction and warm them up, but his numb fingers gave up.

As he breathed deeply, steam came out in the cold air. His jaws started clicking the teeth together involuntarily.

“I should have built a hearth last winter… when I had the coin,” he said, feeling like he would die from the cold.

It hadn't been this harsh from the start.

The months of Frosania were always jarring, but he had gotten used to it. This year, it had just broken all limits. He hadn't seen such a cold in the entirety of his life and a few people in the street had already succumbed to it.

Even children.

Unlike nobles and the wealthy, he didn't have the necessary means to survive the wrath of Frosania.

“If only I had my job, I would have been able to buy black wolf fur. That would have provided some relief.”

He frowned, thinking about it.

He used to be a miner in one of the mines located outside the city. But after the mines ran dry and another one was captured by bandits, men like him were left unemployed. And most of them were barely going through winter.

The smart ones had already left for other places. The only reason he stayed behind was because a new lord had come to the city six months back.

Unfortunately, he had done nothing for them.

“Cecilia, warm me some soup. The cold is worse today… I feel like a corpse already,” he yelled towards the kitchen.

Footsteps sounded out and soon, Cecelia walked towards with moist eyes. Her brown hair was in a bun and she was wrapped up in three tattered garments, but she still seemed to be shivering.

Her hands were just skin and bones and in the last few months, she had lost the shine in her eyes.

“There’s no soup left Gareth,” she said, looking down at him.

“What? Didn't I get some vegetables last week?”

“Yes, they all ended. We have been saving them and eating only once a day, but they are still not enough. We barely have food left. In this cold, I don't know how we will survive.”

“I will try to borrow some money,” he said, sighing.

“For how long are we going to borrow money? It will run out sooner or later.”

A tear threatened to roll down her cheeks as she looked at him.

Gareth wanted to say something. He knew he needed to say something, give her hope, but he didn't know any way to tackle the cold or get money. Like this, they were going—

A knock on the door took his attention away.

Cecelia blinked at the door, “Who could be at this hour?”

“Let me check.”

He stood up, walking up to the door, hoping it was not some beggar again, wanting some food and shelter. He didn't hate them, but they weren't in a position to live well.

“Who is it?!” Gareth opened the door and saw their neighbour standing with his arms wrapped around him. “Tomas, what happened?”

“Gareth, Lord! Lord Arzan is out in the street!”

The shivery voice squeaked with happiness. Like him, he was a miner who had lost his job.

In the past few months, both of them had crossed paths many times, but he had always seen the man with slumped shoulders and hopelessness in his eyes which was a stark contrast to his current demeanour.

Gareth frowned and asked, “Lord Arzan, what is he doing here? He hadn't shown his face since he walked into the city.”

“He is passing a few things in the neighbourhood. People are saying that it will help us with the cold. Everyone is going there to get their hands on it before he leaves.”

“What? Tomas, I don't have time for lies.”

Gareth’s disbelief-filled voice came out as he looked at his neighbour with accusing eyes.

“Come and see for yourself! Be quick! Hopefully, the stuff won’t end soon,” Tomas said and turned around, taking long strides towards the public square.

There could be no way that Lord Arzan is out in the streets. The man has no reason to be here after ignoring us for months.

He shook his head and then turned around to look at his wife.

“I'm going out for a while.”

“Is there any problem?” She asked, looking concerned.

“No, the lord is apparently out in the street. I'm going to see what's going on,” he said. “Don't open the door until I come back.”

Gareth grabbed the ragged coat that was hung beside the door and walked outside.

A cold wind hit him in the back, his clothes not enough to protect him from the snow and wind. He slowly made his way through the snow-laden streets.

Normally, people would stay inside their houses, warming up to survive through the day. But as he stepped outside, he saw more than half of the neighbourhood scattered across the area.

Most of them were whispering to each other. He perked up his ears to hear the conversation and noticed that all of them seemed to be moving towards the square.

Gareth walked past a few people and reached to the front.

After walking for a while, he saw a crowd gathered around a man. He had black hair and wore a robe that hid all his body. By the intricate patterns on the robe, Gareth could already tell who he was.

Next to him, a woman stood looking like a maid and a few guards. A carriage was standing on the left and a few people stared at it.

Gareth had never seen Lord Arzan before since the man had been a recluse, but he seemed like a typical noble.

He also noticed something else.

Stones were kept on top of a table. They were green crystals with symbols all around them. They shone under the snow and everyone kept looking at them.

He slowly walked up to the back of the crowd, listening to whatever the noble was going to say. He also saw Tomas standing just right next to him.

When the man saw him, he flashed him a smile.

Gareth ignored him and focused on Lord Arzan.

“Hello everyone, thank you for gathering here. I would like to show you a Heat stone.” Lord Arzan voiced out as he held the Heat stone in his hand, showing it to the people who surrounded him. “This stone can keep you warm during the winter and you can escape the wrath of Frosania.”

At his words, a commotion went through the crowd as questions and murmurs erupted.

“What? How much are those, Lord Arzan?”

“They look expensive.”

“They are shining.”

“How can they do that? Are they magical objects?”

Gareth frowned as he stared at the Heat stones. He had never heard of such stones before. Even the merchants whom he had talked to had never mentioned it.

If such a thing existed, then why were they still suffering from the cold? He simply refused to believe the words of a noble.

Lord Arzan stayed silent until the barrage of questions died down.

“These stones are expensive, but they are free for you all,” he said as more than a few people gasped in the crowd. “Yes, they are magical, but you don't have to worry about it. Simply form a line and grab them. Please only take one for each family.”

Lord Arzan motioned to his right, where people immediately queued. The guards made sure that no one behaved out of line.

Gareth also stood at the back of it, looking at the line moving with suspicions.

He wondered why they were distributed for free. The last time he had gotten free things was when the previous lord's son was born. He had only been a kid back then and since then, the state of the city had just gotten worse and worse.

Still, if there was some hope to escape the cold, he would take it. He already didn't have money for food and if the weather didn't warm up, both he and his wife would be in their grave.

He shuddered as the line moved.

“Please, tell me how this would work?” One man asked as he reached the top of the line.

Now that Gareth was close to him, he could see that the man almost looked unblemished and well unlike any of them.

Lord Arzan handed the man the stone and smiled.

“This stone absorbs the mana from the surroundings and it converts it to heat,” he said. “You simply have to place it in a room and then, it will warm up the place. If you want to hasten the process, simply put your hand on top of it. Make sure to not touch it for more than a minute or you might feel a loss of energy.”

“Thank you, Lord Arzan.”

The man said and left, heading towards his home with the stone.

The line moved again and Gareth kept his eyes on the heat stones. Minutes passed by like that and he saw the stones becoming less and less.

Finally, when only three of them were left, he found himself on top of the line.

“I hope they help you out with the wrath of Frosania.”

Lord Arzan said, handing the stone to him. Gareth kept staring at him, again wondering if it was all a hoax.

A few words in his throat bubbled up and he wanted to ask him about the situation with the mines. Even before, a lot of miners had gone to the estate to talk to him, but he hadn't given them any time.

Now, he was in front, but his words never left his throat.

Wrapping his hand around the stone, he said, “Thank you, my lord.”

He turned back, briefly noticing Tomas who had also gotten a stone and seemed to be talking with a few other people. Gareth ignored him and made his way towards his house, keeping the stone in one of his pockets.

With every step closer to his house, he felt it couldn't be true, but a part of him hoped it was. He didn't want to die in this cold nor did he want to lose his wife.

It was strange, but he felt warmth coming from the stone as he ran.

He slowly got closer to his house and taking a breath, he knocked on the door.

“Cecilia, open up!”

His wife opened up the door, the gust of wind making her shiver.

He walked inside and sat down before taking out the Heat stone from his pocket.

“What is that?” she questioned curiously.

“Time to find out,” Gareth said swiftly and kept it in the corner of the room, on the small wooden desk. He placed his hand on top of the stone and waited.

Within a few seconds, he felt a slight pull of energy draining him, but soon, his hands felt warmer and warmer.

His eyes widened, and his mouth gaped. His hands started to shake. Just to make sure, he placed his other hand on the stone and it was still warm.

He snapped his head towards his wife.

She immediately walked up to him, wondering what was going on.

“Come! It’s warm! This is working! What a surprise! Ahahah!” Gareth yelled in happiness and hugged his wife. “We are going to survive this winter!”

***

Kai looked at the people who were still around the public square. The Heat stones had run out and they all looked disappointed with missing out on one.

He didn't have a choice since he was only able to make dozens of them. Even if Syphon stones were easily available, there were limits to his mana.

Sitting in his carriage, he turned his head away from people and sighed.

“Your Lordship, why are you distributing these to the common people?” Claire asked, her brows furrowed.

She was sitting in front of him and had been helping him distribute the stones. He had earlier shown how the Heat stone worked to Claire, and she understood their value in this cold.

“One reason is to help these people out. I heard how they are living from Francis,” he said and paused before continuing, “Also, I don’t have a reputation among the people. People have heard about me, but they never saw me. I'm known as a recluse and that's not a good thing.”

“Why?” she asked.

“Ignorance towards a lord is as good as the lord not existing for the people,” he said. “So, I’m trying to build my reputation among the commoners first. Apart from those two reasons, I wanted to hear how they liked it. Or if there were any immediate effects that I should know about. I would be sending guards to enquire if the stones are working well later on.”

Claire nodded her head. He didn't know if she got what he was trying to do, but she seemed smart enough.

Kai withdrew his gaze from her and turned to look outside. Soon, the carriage started to move from its halt.

He took a moment to process the surroundings outside the city which was simply filled with a blanket of snow. The roofs of the houses, their roads, and even farmlands were filled with it.

One thing he noticed was that a lot of garbage was just thrown around without any supervision. Hardly, a few people were on the streets in the morning and it felt more like a ghost city to him.

With turns on the carriage, he saw how some people were using different equipment to clear out the snow in front of their houses.

A few others were trying to use hay to cover large holes in their roofs. He also saw a few children out in the snow, clothes barely covering them.

A stream separated the town into two parts and the carriage took the bridge to reach the estate. The river was frozen due to the cold and he doubted the ice would melt anytime.

Kai stared at it until it passed from his sight.

“Are you going to distribute the stones again, Lord Arzan?” Claire broke the silence, looking curiously at him. “I believe the staff at the estate would be greatly alleviated from the cold by them.”

Understanding what she was implying, he smiled, “I will make a batch for them. Right now, I'm going to prepare enough to sell. If we delay it any further, the season might just pass.”

He had already talked in detail with Francis about it and if things went as planned, they would be able to start the production of it soon.

The estate got closer as they talked. He could see the gates from a distance. The road ahead was much clearer. The snow was cleared, and even the houses that were around seemed to be in a better state.

Those were the guards' quarters. Since the training for the guards started early, most of them stayed on the grounds.

Soon, they passed the gates and a few guards opened up the door to the carriage.

He got out of the carriage and immediately decided to go to his room.

As he walked, he could feel the exhaustion catching up to him. He had thought about it before, but this body was really not used to moving around much.

He had simply gone to the streets to distribute Heat stones, but just standing around for over an hour had him exhausted.

He opened his room's door and sprawled on the bed. He cast a Heal spell on himself and felt much better. Although the spell was for injuries, it would still help him recover his strength.

I really need to start exercising.

Kai thought back to his previous body. He had been quite athletic from the start, having lived on streets for most of his childhood, but once he had become a Mage, he had relied more on spells to power himself up rather than focusing on working out.

This time, he wanted to change that. Maybe, he could even learn a weapon. Every skill was worth it since he never knew what type of danger he might be in.

Kai lay and stared at the ceiling.

Deciding to focus on getting to the 2nd circle, he raised himself and sat in a lotus position.

He inhaled deeply and let the mana flow inside his lungs. The intentional mana intake soothed his nerves immediately.

He exhaled and let out all the air.

He inhaled once again, this time bringing in mana deeper enough to sour it through, and towards the heart. He let the mana outside of him once again.

His focus became stronger as he pulled mana back inside—this time, circling his Mana heart. His mind zeroed in more intensely. The mana flowed in circles around his heart.

He had only recently gotten to the 1st circle, so it would take time for him to advance. Kai also didn't want to mess up his basics by advancing too fast.

There were also things like starting his training and finding his elem-

Knock! Knock!

A knock on the door interrupted him and he opened his eyes.

“Come in!” Kai yelled and stood up.

He thought of opening the door, but before he could, the door opened and Francis walked in.

“Lord Arzan, I have gotten men to collect all the Syphon stones from the market. They’re cheap and not in demand, so it won’t take much time to get them all. I have created a workshop that you can use to enchant them,” Francis said as if he practised it all before. He certainly looked the type of person to do so.

“If you need anything else, please call me. I will make sure to get it to you as soon as possible.”

Kai noticed something immediately. Francis’s hands were clenched to a ball in front of him, and even the way he talked had a big difference from before. He stood much straighter than before.

Before, he used to treat him with respect, but now, it almost seemed much more.

“That is all well, but is everything okay with you?” Kai asked as he looked into Francis’s eyes. The latter barely looked Kai in the eyes throughout the time he spoke.

Francis blinked his eyes in confusion.

“Yes, everything is fine.”

“Then, why are you standing like that?”

“Your Lordship, you’re a Mage. I’m just trying to follow proper conduct. That’s all,” Francis said and shrugged it off. He didn't seem to mind it, but Kai felt uncomfortable with such conduct.

It seemed like it was the norm to treat Mages equally as nobles. Someone like Kai who was both a noble and a Mage seemed to have a higher standing.

Come to think of it, Mages around this time were like a rare horse breed simply because common people were hardly allowed to be one. Most of the Mages were from noble families or knight lineage.

Aside from that, few of the commoners would luck out if they came across a Mage that would take them as an apprentice.

This had only changed in the Golden era of magic.

“There is no need for anything of sorts, Francis. I would prefer it if you talked like before,” he said, sighing. “Did you manage to look for someone to handle the distributions? The time is thin in our hands.”

Kai quickly changed the subject.

The city was still not economically well and even though, he could sell a good amount of Heat stones here, it still wouldn't be enough.

Therefore, they needed to look elsewhere so that they could sell all the Heat stones for a hefty price. The more they sold, the quicker they could get over the debt that loomed over their heads.

Francis nodded, his shoulders relaxing a bit. “I looked for a few merchants. They were all good at what they did. Some are better than others. And, I found one that is exactly like the one you wanted.”



A note from Extra26



Hello everyone, I might be able to give out bonus chapters tomorrow. Please follow the novel if you have not yet and rate it. It really helps. We hit 500 followers just an hour back! And I'm extremely thankful to all of you.





11. Merchant of spice


A note from Extra26





~ [COSMIC GAMES] ~

From zero to hero, and all it took was a magical gun.

It was an ordinary day — Until everyone got isekaid to a gladiator planet with 3 other species. Only one race can survive extinction.

For many, the new planet is a nexus of despair. For Max, it is a second chance at life — A place to find meaning.

After all, there are monsters to put down, people to protect and body and mind to cultivate. Max gets a rocky start, but it works out in his favor. He finds a very special gun that’s soulbound to him. And wait, is the gun becoming gradually more sentient?

Someone has to show these damn aliens that you don’t mess with humans. Max will chew through all of them. One bullet at a time.



* * *



[LitRPG] [Isekai/Sysapoc] [OPMC] [Cultivation]





Malden, a spice merchant, walked through a long corridor dimly lit by torches while his eyes looked around. It was his first time here in the estate of Lord Arzan and he couldn't help, but feel uneasy.

An imposing guard walked alongside him. He had introduced himself as Feroy.

Malden’s sharp, beady eyes glanced at him from time to time.

Why would Lord Arzan even want to see me?

He thought to himself as his eyes darted nervously.

From the light that came from the torches, he could see his shadow in front of him. His wiry hair kept waving left and right as he continued to take steps ahead, and his fingers were quick to try and comb them neatly.

He parted them to his sides from the middle and realised that it was the most tidy that his hair could get.

Soon, his mind started spiralling with questions again.

He remembered what he had heard of Arzan.

A lord with a questionable reputation who hardly showed his face in public and seemed to spend time in his room. Only recently he had heard rumours of him stepping out of the estate.

Other than that, there were only a few things. In the first place, a Duke's son was as rare as they came. Although Arzan was one, he didn't seem to be well-reputed or important enough.

It was too small of a canvas for him to make any conclusions.

Why would a Lord, particularly one with a questionable reputation, invite a relatively small-scale merchant like himself? His spice trade, though successful in its own right, hardly gained the attention of a noble.

When he had first gotten the invitation, he'd not even believed it. At least, until he had seen the official seal of the kingdom which was used for such an invitation.

He had accepted it due to his curiosity and because he wanted to keep doing business in the city, but now that he was soon going to be in front of Arzan, he just felt uneasy.

I doubt he wants to buy spices.

Malden walked down the corridor. The guard’s long strides were almost hard to keep up.

The questions in his mind began to increase as he realised the corridor was about to end. He needed more information if he was going to meet such a person.

In his experience, nobles with almost no noise in the public sphere were either worthless or chaotic. He didn't want to take any chances.

“How long till we reach the room?” Malden asked, striking a conversation with Feroy who slowed and looked back.

“Just a bit longer. Lord Arzan is waiting for you, so you won't be held for too long.”

“That's good. Lord Arzan seems to be a caring man. I wonder what he wants with a merchant like me.”

He looked up at him expectantly, hoping he would give him something, but he shook his head.

“I have no idea of that. You would have to see for yourself.”

“Are you sure?”

Malden held out a coin and the guard stopped.

He stared at it for over a second as Malden waited for him to take it. After all, money was never enough, but he started walking again.

“I told you I have no idea of it.”

Malden frowned. He hadn't expected a guard to have such loyalty. It also sprung up more questions in his mind.

“Lord Arzan will be waiting for you inside,” Feroy said, stopping at a door and looking back at Malden.

Malden simply nodded.

The large, wooden door was in front of him. His fingers played nervously at the hem of his cloak, as he thought of possible motives that Arzan might have wanted to meet him.

Again, I just sell spices, what could I possibly have to offer?

Malden thought to himself and let the guard knock on the door.

When it opened, it revealed two men, sitting beside each other, drinking tea.

It was a large room which was probably used for casual meetings. There was one maid in the room. The wooden table in the middle was where the two men sat, both their attention on him.

From one glance, Malden could tell who was the lord. Arzan was young with glossy black hair and his features perfectly matched the descriptions he had heard.

The man next to him was Francis. Malden had met him twice since he had become a merchant and both of them were brief meetings, so he hardly knew what to expect.

He simply walked inside.

“It’s an honour to meet you, Lord Arzan,” Malden said, showing the best smile he could manage. With years of experience, he had just gotten better at making a fake smile look as natural as possible.

Arzan's eyes kept on him and he had an inkling he was being judged.

“Malden, you are on time,” Francis said, nodding at him. “Have a seat.”

Malden obliged quickly. He sat and looked in between the two men. The maid swiftly poured him a cup of tea.

“I apologise that I wasn't able to bring in any gifts. The invitation was just too abrupt and I didn't know what to bring. My men would be bringing in batches of spices later on for the estate.”

“There's no need for that,” Arzan spoke for the first time. “It's good enough that you were able to make it.”

“Can I ask what the reason is for you calling me here?” He asked, deciding to be straightforward. It was a strategy that had served him well since a lot of nobles didn't like spending their time with merchants.

His curious eyes continue to look at the Lord.

“I have a question to ask you,” he said. “What do you think about the city? Is it doing well?”

Malden barely stopped himself from frowning.

Is it supposed to be a trick question?

He immediately looked at Francis, but the man simply sipped his tea, barely looking at him.

Is he a Lord who lacks complimentary words?

Malden looked at Arzan and grinned widely. “The city is prosperous, Lord Arzan! The people are happier than they have been-”

He was cut short with the glare that Arzan threw at him. His smile immediately fell. He could sense that it was the wrong track to take. He wasn't called here to compliment the lord, there was something bigger going on.

Malden sighed. He leaned back in his chair and shifted uncomfortably. His hands fell to his lap and his fingers tangled.

He cleared his throat.

Arzan’s glare was still on his face.

“Well, my lord… If that’s what you want—the territory is facing challenges. People are struggling for coins and food. The cold is the worst it has been in years. It's common news inside the city about debts to Tradeheart,” he paused to take a good look at Arzan. His stare stayed the same, judging every word of his. “It's no secret, my lord. Due to debts to Tradeheart merchant company, you’re on the verge of losing your farmland and mines.”

Arzan's expression remained impassive, though a subtle nod indicated his understanding.

He leaned back in his ornate chair and, after a pause, opened his mouth. Malden flinched hearing his next words.

“If you were in my place, Malden, what would you do in such a situation?”

His question rang in Malden’s head. If the lord was looking for a solution from him, he was asking the wrong person. He knew how to run a business, but a city was a completely different matter.

“Uh—I wouldn’t know how to rule a city, my lord. I’m a simple merchant. I would rather focus on selling me-”

Again, he was cut short by a glare. This time, his eyes looked even more stern.

Malden’s mouth ran dry as he stared back.

“Malden, I insist on hearing your genuine thoughts. I’m aware of the situation around the city, so do tell me. Don’t skirt around the issue.”

From the corner of his eyes, he saw the old man shifting in his seat. “Well, you questioned why you are here. Here it is, Lord Arzan wanted to know and gather opinions on specific questions, so it’ll be better if you cooperate with him.”

Malden turned to look at Arzan again. His words came in a stutter. “My lord, it's not a simple matter. The situation is complex, and, um, there's no straightforward solution.”

Arzan shook his head. “Complexity is no excuse for silence. I want your honest opinion.”

At the moment, he felt like Laxlar was putting him into some sort of a trial. He had only been a God of Light follower because his blessings were known to grant economic benefits. There was nothing about such challenges when he joined the church.

Malden sighed. “Well, my lord. The truth is, due to the debts to Tradeheart, there is nothing I’d be able to do if I were in your position. Unless a sudden miracle happens. A large number of people are currently unemployed due to the mines being not active. Even if we manage to revive the mines again, the bandit issue still pertains. Getting the economy on track would take a very considerable amount of time and resources… A year, at the very least.”

He looked at Francis this time, his eyes glinting with a hopeless stare, “There is just no realistic way.”

“What if there is a product that would sell extensively well, that even nobles and common people alike would want it if it reaches them?” Arzan asked out of the blue.

Malden looked at him strangely, but nodded, agreeing. “If… something like that is there to sell, I’d say yes, it can help the economy by a leap. But, again, realistically, it’s impossible to make something like that. Lord Arzan, the truth is, it's nearly impossible to initiate any significant change. The focus here has always been on traditional means of wealth— finding mines, selling basic products and providing weapons in wars and conflicts. There's a lack of innovation and mostly, it's handled by Mages. You very well know how they are.”

Arzan stayed silent throughout his explanation, but as soon as he was done, he kept something on the table.

***

Kai’s eyes were on the man whose appearance resembled a rat. He had high cheekbones and a narrow face, with a short height. It wasn't a striking face, but it would attract attention just because of how unique he looked.

He saw how Malden’s eyes bore into the glistening Heat stone. He looked confused, checking them.

“This is a Syphon stone, my lord. What are you showing it to me? Moreover, how can we even earn through this, unless you are going to sell them as mana batteries to Mages? A merchant I know tried that once, but it never worked out. They are too volatile. He lost an arm due to his idea,” he said, shaking his head.

“This is a Heat stone.” He said, but Malden's eyes remained the same. He had no idea what it was. “Put your hand over it for a while.”

“I don't understand.”

“Just do it.”

Malden glanced at Francis before putting his hand on the Heat stone. Kai had a suspicion he was scared of the stone blasting off his hand.

Seconds ticked by and soon, he blinked his eyes, looking down at the stone. His eyes flickered with realisation.

“It's giving off heat.”

“Yes, that's why a Heat stone. It takes your mana and gives off warmth. Though, if you just put it into a room, it would take the ambient mana and won't drain you until you get too close to it.”

Malden removed his hand from the Heat stone and picked it up, looking at the seals.

He seemed to be lost for words before looking at Kai.

“Lord Arzan, this would solve a major problem. I have never seen something like this before. How many have you got?” he asked, looking at Kai with a glint in his eyes, completely different than before.

Kai leaned forward and looking at Malden, he said, “I have a surplus. The manufacturing side is complicated, but we can manage more than a dozen a day. What we need is someone to sell them to different places in the kingdom.”

Understanding what he was saying, Malden's eyes lifted from the product. It seemed like he was contemplating something and barely holding himself back from jumping to the opportunity.

Though, Kai could almost feel his greed reeking from across him by the way Malden looked at him.

The whole kingdom was covered in a blanket of snow and something that gave more comfort than even fur was easily going to be a rage.

“Can I ask a few questions about these?” he finally asked.

“Go on.”

“How long do these last? And these are made from Syphon stones. Are you sure there won't be any complications?” Malden questioned immediately.

“They will last a year before they need to be changed. As for complications, no, we have not noticed anything yet. We have distributed a few of these to the public and heard no complaints,” he said, confidently.

“So, you do have a price in mind?” Malden stared at him.

“Yes, we do, but it depends on where the product is going to be sold,” Francis replied this time, entering the conversation. “For common people, we are going to offer reasonable prices that a family could afford and for nobles, it will be more. We will make bigger ones for them. Think of 2 gold coins for a Heat stone. For nobles, we will do 5 gold coins.”

“Hmm. I see.”

Malden rubbed his chin while thinking to himself. It was clear that wheels turned inside his head as his gaze fixated on the Heat stone.

“Lord Arzan, I would love to work with you and distribute the product to the whole kingdom, if you wish,” he said in the sweetest voice Kai had heard till now. “I was thinking in between the lines of 60-40. The 60 percent will go to you of course.”

Kai huffed. The man was clearly trying to get a better deal than he deserved.

“You’re not responsible for making the Heat stones, Malden, nor for the materials to make it. You’re just going to distribute them. Do ask for a fair share in this.”

Malden shook his head. “Distributing is the biggest factor, I believe. Like you said, this product needs to reach every corner in the kingdom and I’ve good connections inside the big cities to sell these easily, and for a price much higher than what you have in mind,” he said and looked at Francis. “How about 70-30. I can only reduce my share by that.”

This time, Francis scoffed. “That’s way higher than we expected. We cannot go for that. It is not reasonable.”

Kai nodded while agreeing with Francis. “You have been doing well in the city, Malden. I’ve heard about your spices and how well you do the distribution. But, in a cutthroat business like yours, you need something big to become a top merchant. You simply are nowhere to be that; but with this product, your fate might change.”

Malden nodded slightly and looked down at the Heat stone.

Kai took the opportunity and gave his final opinion. “I appreciate your role, but again I'm implying, you won't be manufacturing these, and you won't be responsible for the raw materials. Your task is distribution. I'll give you 20 percent, and that's final.”

“But, my lord…” Malden hesitantly started by saying but was soon cut off.

“No more negotiations. Take it or leave it.” Kai’s stern look fell on him.

The merchant fell silent. Kai knew he was closer to agreeing to a 20 percent share. He wouldn't have gone for someone like Malden otherwise.

“My lord, the risks involved in distribution are significant. I should be adequately compensated for—”

He didn’t seem to give up on his idea of gaining more. At this time, Kai frowned and Malden flinched.

He shook his head, disagreeing clearly. “I won't go beyond 20 percent.”

“My lord, this is an opportunity for both of us. I should have a more significant share. AT least, I think—”

Kai saw how his nose scrunched up in frustration.

“I understand your concerns, but my terms are non-negotiable. Take a moment to think it over,” he said and leaned back. “This is a very fair deal, Malden. I hope you’re smart enough to realise the terms on your end and how fair they’re to you.” Kai calmly said.

Malden visibly looked like he was contemplating the biggest decision of his life. His hands clenched and he sipped on the tea.

It had already gone cold, but he didn't seem to notice.

“Very well, my lord. We have a deal of 80-20.” Finally, he spoke, looking up at Kai.

“Alright, you made a wise decision. I will send you a batch of them very soon. You can talk further details with Francis,” Kai said with a smile and nodded at Francis.

Now that they’ve gotten a distributor, things could move fast.

***

Malden passed the guards who stayed outside the room with their spears in their hands.

He couldn’t help the smile that crept to his face. They in return, looked at him weirdly. But it didn't matter to Malden.

80-20! I have a jackpot on my hand, and to think I almost lost it due to greed. The man played all the tricks right from the start.

His valuation of Arzan drastically changed in his mind. He was no worthless discarded noble. Opposite to that, he seemed to be someone who knew what he wanted and wasn't one to budge.

He had no idea how he had gotten the Heat Stone, but if the partnership continued, he would know of it sooner or later.

From the start, Malden had only been called because he fit into a position where he wasn't a big merchant but had all the networks of one. So, he was naturally inclined to not negotiate further, in case he lost the product.

He didn't know what to think of it, but if the Heat stone worked as expected, the Tradeheart merchant company would certainly regret burning the bridges with Arzan.



A note from Extra26



Hello everyone, I'm trying to get a bonus chapter out but my co author is busy with real life problems. Also working on Patreon right now! Thank you for reading and following!





12. Routine and corruption


A note from Extra26





The Regressor Wants to Die [A Progression LitRPG]



A Never-ending Hell......

Lee Do-Yun never asked for much. But somehow, he ended up with everything. The ability to Regress and Adapt to everything. With those, he lived a life far longer than he wanted to.

And now, even his last plan to end his life failed. Now back on a changed Earth which has stepped into the world of Monsters and Dungeons, he seeks a way to fulfill his wish once again.

……

What to expect?

Strong to Stronger, Check.

Tower Climbing, Check.

Gates, Check.

Hidden Factions, Check.

First Contact with Different Worlds, also Check.





Kai woke up as the numbness in his hand grew beneath him. His posture had been rather odd throughout the night.

He sat straight on his bed and looked outside the window. From the gap, he could see brightness creeping in.

It was time to wake up.

He stretched his hands and circled his wrists to ease out the nerves. The pain continued to move through his muscles.

Kai sighed and inhaled deeply. Within a second, he cast a spell. In no time, he felt his arm heal and get back to normal.

Getting out of the bed, he headed towards the bathroom. It's been a while since he had woken up in the body of Arzan and he had gotten used to how things were.

The whole estate would be up and running early in the morning and after breakfast, he would read some book in the library with Claire looking around whatever she found.

She knew how to read a few words, but reading a whole book was not easy for her, so she would mostly look at drawings in certain books.

It seems like basic education hasn't progressed yet beyond church school and there it was more about gods and basic history than learning how to read. Obviously, it was different with nobles, but Kai wanted to change this as soon as possible for the commoners too.

He had learnt a lot due to Claire and she was more than happy to tell him about the city and how people lived. An excuse of growing up in noble seclusion was enough for her to not question things.

Arzan was anyway a loner, so it wasn't a lie.

After he was done with that, he would immediately focus on making Heat stones throughout the afternoon.

The process of making a Heat stone included a lot of mental exhaustion, but at this point, it was almost like a workout to Kai since he was able to train his enchanting skill.

It wasn't a magical art he had leaned towards, but now that he was using it in daily life, he felt like his understanding of seals was just getting better.

He also worked on his circle throughout the day and although it was progressing at a slower rate since he was trying to build a solid base, he was happy with what he had gotten till now.

It was only possible because his retainers were doing their roles well.

He felt at ease knowing Francis took care of all the administration work related to the city and even though he wanted to help the people, he had to wait.

Until he got over the debt, there was hardly anything that he could do to help the people.

One more thing holding his focus was the mystery of Arzan’s death. What was he trying to do with the ritual? What was the original purpose of it? Was his death a conspiracy or he had simply done things wrong?

Those questions would often pop up in his mind throughout the day.

He had tried finding more about the ritual in the library and his room, but there was nothing. The patterns and symbols used in it were unknown to him and he was going nowhere with them.

If Arzan had actually killed himself for the ritual, then he must be confident that it would work, but there was nothing to validate that.

The only person who might have a clue was Actra.

He had been in his quarters for weeks. From what he had heard from Francis, it was due to some research that kept him busy.

He used to be close to Arzan and even knew why he had taken on the debt, so if there was a soul-sacrificing ritual, he would surely know of it and might even be a part of it.

Kai had tried meeting him but had no luck. A part of him wanted to interrogate him, but again, if he was a conspirator in Arzan's death, then he needed to be careful.

If his strength was anywhere around the 3rd circle or even the peak of the 2nd circle, he wouldn't be able to counter him.

For now, he focused on his other problems.

Aside from the debt, there was the situation with the mana weaver.

He needed to make regular visits to remove the corruption, therefore he used his evening to do so.

Fortunately, the weaver seemed to be making decent progress. The corruption seemed to not have taken place in his body deeply, so it was a tad bit easy to exterminate it.

There were also no signs of corruption that showed up in its family members, so at least that was a positive. The last thing he needed was more mana weavers in his territory.

Kai walked through the corridors, being used to them now. He gave a brief nod to Feroy, the same guard who accompanied him for the past few days. Their usual conversation started with mana weaver’s condition.

“How is he after yesterday?” He asked as they walked.

Feroy had been tasked to keep track on the weaver's progress. He had been a big help to Kai and his fear towards the weaver had also gone down considerably after noticing the effects of the healing.

The guard’s eyes flickered as he replied, “He’s in a much better condition now, Lord Arzan. He’s even eating food without making any noises. I noticed that his hands are much less shaky now. And um… Even without the Syphon stone, he has been behaving.”

Kai nodded with a smile.

It seemed like it wouldn't take long for its human side to surface again. If Kai wasn't at the 1st circle, he would have already used a spell to recover the mind of the weaver, but in his current state, a spell like that was risky.

He had to let the weaver come out of the corruption on its own. The only external help he could do was to destroy the corruption with his own mana.

“Open this,” Kai said and Feroy quickly opened the gate to the dungeon prison.

They walked inside to meet the mana weaver as usual.

As he saw the weaver, Kai noticed the changes in his body. It sat on the ground with chains binding its arms and legs.

Compared to the first time he had seen him, the corruption had gone down by a lot and he looked a lot less pale.

The black lines in his arms and neck had thinned considerably, leaving scars behind.

It looked up at Kai and he saw its pupils. Previously, its eyes were blackened, but now it looked much more human.

Even the mutation on his face was lessening with the flesh coming back up and the claws turning back to fingers again.

Kai sat on the floor and looked at the mutant guard.

Taking a deep breath in, he extended his hand and grabbed it's hand. Unlike before, the weaver didn't try to be aggressive and simply stared at Kai.

It had gotten tamer with each session and with the corruption lessening, the human part of the weaver seemed to have recognised Kai as a helper rather than an enemy.

It had only made his job easier.

He exhaled and sent a wave of mana through him to the mana weaver.

Kai could feel the mana going inside the veins with less struggle than before. The battleground beneath the skin of the mana weaver was much calmer.

It allowed him to push a considerable amount of mana through its veins.

The corruption tried to eat away at the mana, but it was weak and Kai was able to destroy whatever was left in his arms. If he was right, its hands would return to normal in two days.

He inhaled deeply once again and his hand went up to touch its neck.

It was the final rush of mana Kai would be using for the day. Within seconds, he sent a surge of mana inside.

Normally, it was harder to destroy the corruption in this area, but he had gotten used to the weaver's body and was able to exterminate a chunk of the corruption.

The weaver shook a bit as he continued, but it was just an effect of his mana entering its body.

Once that was done, his hands fell to his sides as he stood up, giving one last look to the weaver who kept looking up at him before turning around.

“W-water… water.” A gravelly voice came from behind.

Kai's eyes widened as he realised where it had come from. He quickly turned around.

“Get some water. Quick!”

He heard Feroy's footsteps running to get water.

Kai sat down where he was and took another look at the mana weaver.

Its eyes looked at Kai pleadingly. A shine that was missing before seemed to have returned as he got back his speech.

Feroy was quick to return with a pot of water as Kai removed the metallic chains. The weaver chugged down the water with a fervour.

It dripped from the sides of its mouth, but it didn't care. It drank like someone who was kept parched for days.

Kai scooted forward and kept his hand on the left side of its chest. He didn’t say anything but continued to heal more of the corruption within its body.

Kai sent waves and waves of mana inside its body. He physically felt how its body reacted to the mana. It absorbed as much as pure mana possible, and the corruption continued to fade away.

He grabbed its wrist and noticed that it's heartbeat was returning to normal. Mana weaver's heartbeat was much faster than humans and its getting back to normal was a good sign.

He sent another wave of mana, aiming at his heart, but realised that his mana pool was almost empty. He frowned, but there was not much he could do.

He looked up at the weaver who had almost finished the water.

“How are you feeling now?”

“I-I feel b-better.”

As the mostly healed guard managed to voice out, Kai noticed its broken tongue.

It would take a few hours to get better as the man gets used to speaking again.

“That’s good. You should be healed within a few days. It won’t take long,” Kai said.

“Thank y-you so much. I-I’m sorry for the t-troubles I c-caused…” The half-healed guard looked at Kai and then looked at Feroy.

Kai simply nodded. “It’s okay. You’re healing now, that’s what matters.”

“My- My f-family? A-are they a-alive?” it suddenly asked, looking agitated. It almost seemed like it would get up and start looking for its family.

Once someone turned into a weaver, their family would be killed alongside them. It was how things worked in this era, so the horror in its eyes was understandable.

“They’re alive. Don’t worry. We kept them inside the cell for some time to check if the corruption spread, but they haven't been affected. They’re now back to their home,” Kai said, assuring in a confident tone.

The guard visibly relaxed at that and Kai took a deep breath. His healing had finally worked and from the way the guard behaved, it seemed like his memory was intact. He didn't want to deal with someone who had gotten amnesia due to turning into a mana weaver.

Kai had seen a few cases like that in his previous life.

“What is your name?” Kai asked.

He couldn’t remember anyone mentioning what its name was. They all continued to call it mana weaver and monster, but now that the man was returning to normal, he wanted to ask a few questions.

“Palman, I’m P-Palman.”

“Palman, what do you remember last before turning into a mana weaver?” he asked. His eyes bore into the guard.

The latter’s eyes squinted as it struggled to answer straight away. After a few seconds, it replied.

“I d-didn’t realise what was happening. I remember, for a week, I was angry. I kept getting angrier and angrier, lashed out at family, then I lost consciousness. I felt trapped in my own body,” he mumbled the last part. With time, his stutters seemed to be reducing. “Something… it took over me. I remember seeing blood, but it was too hazy.”

Palman briefly looked at Feroy and lowered its head in shame. His expression matched with what Kai was expecting and he nodded.

“Did you come in contact with any corruption?” He asked the question that he really wanted to know.

The guard fell into a deep thought. His frown remained on the ground as the silence took over. Soon, he replied, “I don’t know. I-I don’t remember if I did.”

“Okay, do you remember if you felt sick after visiting any place in the past few months?”

A wave of realisation passed through its eyes as it looked at Kai and nodded.

“Tell me everything about it,” he said and the guard began to recount.

“I was in the Vasper forest. I had gone to my village and went to get some wood since I was there for a few days, the winter was harsh. But, I was distracted by a thornbuck—” It looked at Feroy and Kai. “It looked small enough to subdue and seemed perfect to hunt, so I went deeper into the forest chasing it.”

Kai remembered the Vasper forest connected to the eastern side of the territory. It was a wide forest filled with monsters and small animals. A lot of people would venture there to get wood to burn.

“It ran deeper and I missed my shot, so I gave up. It was getting darker and I didn't want to stay in the forest for long. And then once I returned… my body was feverish. For three days, I was in bed. After… that, I was okay. I came back to the city and went to practise as usual, and did my duties, but always felt strange like I was still sick.”

“Vasper forest.”

From his words, Kai deduced that the root of the corruption must be somewhere in the forest. Nothing else would explain Palman getting corrupted out of nowhere.

After the questioning, He stood up and turned to look at Feroy.

“Get him a room in the estate,” He ordered.

“But, he’s not fully healed yet-” Feroy said, his eyes going to Palman's face. Parts of it still resembled an undead.

“The man is not a weaver anymore. He’ll fully heal in the next few days, as I said. Get him a room. Don’t keep him in the cell anymore.” Kai was much clearer this time.

The guard simply nodded.

***

Kai focused on his breath and absorbed the ambient mana from the air. Moving it around in circles, he felt a sense of serenity. Since he had gotten the taste of building up his circles in his previous life, he had gotten obsessed with it.

He knew not every mage liked it as it was tedious and time-consuming. Tons of mages preferred playing around with the spells and learning new things, but for Kai, building up the circles simply meant a larger pool of mana to draw from.

He liked the feeling of getting stronger and—

Knock knock knock!

He looked at the door and frowned, not happy with the distraction.

“Come in,” Kai said aloud, exhaling after taking a deep breath.

The door opened up, revealing Killian. He seemed to be coming back after training as sweat was on his forehead.

He walked in and gave a bow.

“Lord Arzan, am I disturbing you?” Killian asked, his curiosity-filled eyes staring at him.

Kai shook his head. “Not really. You’re here to ask about the Mana weaver, right?” he asked back.

He would have already been informed about the weaver healing from the corruption by now. Kai had been expecting either him or Francis to find him to talk about it since the matter had been hanging above their heads for weeks.

“Yes, I heard that the weaver started speaking again. Feroy informed me about it and said that you healed it,” he said.

Kai nodded. “Yes, it took time, but I was able to destroy the corruption from the weaver's body. He's now a human again,” he said and changed “it” to “he” in his mind. The man wasn't a monster anymore. “The process is a bit complicated to explain, but simply, as it was a newly transformed mutant, I was able to help him revert to a human.”

Killian’s eyes widened and he sat down on a chair next to his bed.

“I never knew something like that was possible. Where did you learn that?” He asked, his eyes shining.

“I always wanted to be a mage, and I’ve learnt a lot of theory-” Kai continued to say, feeling guilty about lying, but he couldn't simply say that it was the normal thing to do in his previous life. “-But recently, I found a way to awaken my core. So, everything I learnt before, I was able to utilise it.”

Killian nodded. “I knew that you had a few complications with it.”

It felt like he was going to ask more about it, so Kai decided to change the subject.

“Well, there's one more thing I wanted to talk to you about,” he said. “We have to head to the forest.”

Killian looked back in confusion.

“Vasper forest?”

“Yes.”

“Why?” he asked.

“I talked to the mana weaver today. His name is Palman. I wanted to know where he got corrupted and he said that he went to the forest and once he returned, he got sick for three days. I know for a fact that that’s how he got the corruption. Have you been to the Vasper forest?”

Killian nodded at the question.

“I went to the Vasper forest for a few hunts. It's big and dangerous, but right now, most of the dangerous monsters won’t be there. They’d all be in the dungeon due to the cold.”

Kai frowned. Dungeon? He briefly recalled the forest having a dungeon, but it slipped his mind in between everything.

He stood up and walked towards his bookshelf.

Grabbing the book he brought from the library that had all the maps belonging to the kingdom, he placed it on the table. He pushed it to the side so Killian could see. His eyes squinted as he pointed at the location where Vasper forest was.

“Is there a village surrounding the forest? I think Palman belongs to one too.”

“Yes, it's there,” Killian pointed out a location in the corner of the forest.

“We should head around there,” Kai said and looked at the location.

“Why? What do you mean by Palman getting corrupted in the forest?” Killian questioned, noticing Kai’s stern gaze on the map.

“It seems like mana fiends are in the territory. There's no other explanation as to why he got corrupted. If we don't stop them, the whole territory might be in ruins.”

Kai’s serious voice filled the room.



A note from Extra26



Thank you all. I might be able to put out Patreon today and start giving bonus chapters. I love you all for giving it so much luck. We are at RS 9 at the moment and couple of places away from main page!





Patreon Announcement!!!


Hello, Everyone, I have a few things to tell you all my dear readers.

Starting off, I would have given you all a kiss for getting us to 1000 followers today and we are just getting stronger. I'm having dreams of 3000-4000 followers by the end of the RS run which are the best dreams for an author on royal road.

Now, I wanted to put out this announcement a few days earlier, but I seriously botched up the launch of the novel. I wasn't able to work on it for a week before launch due to real-life problems, delaying the patreon by a lot. But now, I am announcing it!!

Currently, there are 5 chaps you can read up ahead on patreon for 3 dollars a month!

The Patreon is on a subscription model which means you will be charged the day you buy and in the next month, you will be charged the same day.

Right now, you would get the first tier which will till chap 17.

Bonus chapters will then start rolling out on the weekends as my co-author TC is free from college. Anyway, thank you all for supporting me! If you have any questions, please ask!





A note from Extra26



Here's the link to the patreon!

https://www.patreon.com/extra26





13. Vasper forest


A note from Extra26





Most dogs don't get a system. But most dogs aren't the Loafblade.



* * *



The kingdom of Arwyll teeters on the brink of collapse.

The Darkseed has risen - an ancient evil that threatens to consume all sentient life, and without even the courtesy of headpatting it first!

There's only one hero brave enough to stand against it.

And his bark's just as bad as his bite.



* * *



What to expect from Pawstruck: A Skills-based progression system, a globe-trotting adventure, and, of course, a very knife-happy pup.

Link: Pawstruck: Rise of the Loafblade





“They can corrupt everything? How so?” Killian asked, his face scrunched up in a frown.

Kai had told him about the mana fiends and how he suspected that they were the root cause of corruption spreading in the forest.

After all, it won't come out of nowhere. Everything has a reason and the mana fiends were often responsible for corruption.

“The corruption can only happen when there’s an area of dead mana around, and mana fiends are basically corrupted beasts that use dead mana,” he paused, seeing that Killian seemed a bit confused. “Think of it like this. Mages use mana from their surroundings. Common people also use mana even if they can't do any spells. These fiends simply use mana that has lost its properties and has toxic energy in it. That's why we call it dead mana.”

Killian nodded this time. He seemed to be dealing with some thoughts as he looked down at the map.

“I have not come across these fiends before, but they seem similar to the weavers.”

“They are,” Kai said. “They both are similar creatures. Although weavers are naturally agile and dangerous, they can also process dead mana. Common people know of them because they often appear in cities. Fiends are much more dangerous, mostly monsters who have been transformed and live in deeper parts of a forest. Wherever they would appear, the area would start to corrupt, becoming a dead mana zone.”

He looked down at the map again, his fingers hovering over the Vasper forest.

“Palman probably came in contact with the dead mana there and got affected,” Kai said

He did his best to explain how the corruption worked since Killian seemed to have no idea of the terms. Going by how he wanted to kill the weaver at first glance, Kai had expected it.

“But, can’t it be that this was simply a demon’s curse? I’ve heard and even witnessed some of those. We had to call bishops from the church to help.” Killian’s gaze stumbled upon Kai.

Kai shook his head immediately. “I talked to the family before they were released. Palman used to go to the church and a god's domain is naturally protected, so a curse would have been noticed by the clerics there. And demonic powers have a certain mana signature. This is certainly not that. He's not a demon’s servant. Not to mention, if Palman was cursed, my healing wouldn’t have helped him at all, only a bishop would be able to help. Though, in most cases, a demonic curse means trading your soul, so most bishops would probably execute,” he said as a matter of fact.

Killian continued to nod, taking the information in. The knowledge of corruption and dead mana was not widespread among common people here.

It obviously was there in certain areas where mana fiends were more likely to be seen, but here, it seems like they had largely lived in peace, barring a few monster attacks and bandits.

Dead mana and the effect it had on people only started to spread and harm the world during the golden era of magic. During that time, wars had created several dead mana zones, leading to the rise of mana fiends. Those beasts have grazed countless towns and cities to their graves since their power had increased by bounds.

It was a whole other part of history that was yet to come.

“Killian, are there any more cases of corruption, or people disappearing after going to the Vasper forest recently?” Kai asked.

If Palman’s corruption came from the forest, it was highly likely that there could be more people who were affected. Some people might even not know that they are being corrupted before they turn into weavers and other Inhumans.

Mana fiends also had habits of capturing people to slowly affect them and make them a part of their community.

“Uh—” Killian looked away for a second to think if he had heard any. “I don’t think there were any cases related to corruption or disappearances, but I will check up on that immediately, my lord. I would have to take a look at the records and ask my subordinates.”

Kai nodded.

“Let me know if there are. Keep an eye on the people who go to the forest frequently. And gather details from the villages around the forest,” he said. If mana fiends were in the forest, it was his duty to kill them.

Killian or the others might have not seen their might, but Kai had fought countless battles against them and lost his close friends to them. He had an oath to make sure the world didn't fall in their grasp again.

“Yes, I will.” Killian gave a brief nod. “I will make arrangements for us to go to the forest. It wouldn’t take long, but I need to make sure that we have everything with us before we go down to explore. We can’t come back halfway,” he said, his eyes stern. For a second, Kai felt like he was actually excited to go on a quest.

“Yes, okay. When can we leave?” Kai questioned.

Before they would leave, Kai knew he had to strengthen his mana heart. He doubted he would be able to advance to the 2nd circle, but he could try to grow more and learn a few things about his new body.

“Give me a week. I will let you know soon, Lord Arzan.”

Killian’s determined voice came out rather promisingly. Kai nodded in return.

***

The courtyard was busy with activity as Kai stood outside with Francis and a few other guards. In front of them, there was a carriage laden with crates of Heat stones inside.

From the outside, Kai could still feel the warmth permeated by them. They were all the Heat stones Kai had managed to make in the past week or so.

The carriage stood tall and robust, its wooden frame intricately carved with swirling patterns reminiscent of ancient runes, similar to the symbols that were on Arzan’s bedroom hearth. It seemed like a tradition of the wealthy and noble to carve such symbols, one that hadn't carried on in the future.

In front of the carriage, Malden’s focus was on his men. He gave them a few orders to be careful with the Heat stones before moving to stand near Francis and Kai, wanting to make conversation.

His greedy eyes looked back and forth between the crates.

“My Lord, this batch is good enough to sell for a considerable amount in different places. I would be travelling to every big city and it wouldn’t take me long to sell these!” Malden said, looking at Kai with a smile on his face.

His smile was so big that even a court jester's grin would pale in comparison. Kai simply nodded, thinking that no matter what eras, merchants had stayed the same.

He had dealt with similar kinds in his previous life.

“I believe you will do the work just fine, Malden,” Francis said and continued to look at more crates being loaded onto the carriage.

Malden nodded, “That I will, that I will!” He turned around and walked towards the guards.

"We've got a good batch here, lads. These heat stones will fetch us a tidy sum in the city. Make sure you don't break them while carrying them. They are crystals in the end," Malden said, eyeing the crates with satisfaction. For his excitement, he continued to say the same thing over and over to the guards, gaining more attention.

The guards nodded in agreement, looking a bit lost for words at his over-enthusiasm.

They were accompanying him for security. Both for himself and the Heat stones.

Kai knew he couldn't be too trusting with a merchant, so he had told Killian to prepare a few guards for the journey. It was additional assurance for him.

Malden didn't object to it since the more guards, the better for him. With bandits roaming around and even monster attacks, one could never have enough security.

As Malden was trying to make conversation with the guards, Kai felt good thinking of all the work he had done. It hadn't been easy since he hardly was an enchanter, but it had worked out well in the end.

With the amount of Heat stones they had, they could easily provide warmth for two villages in total.

The loading continued further. The guards moved with ease with the crates, keeping one on top of the other, not wanting to do any harm to the Heat stones.

Malden walked back towards Kai and Francis.

“Are you going to Rivenshore first?” Francis asked, looking over to him.

“Yes, I've already had discussions with traders in the City of Rivenshore and you know, it has a sizable population hit hard by the cold," he replied. "It's a city under the influence of the noble house Veridian and I know them quite well. With their backing, I'm certain we'll sell all the heat stones in no time."

He continued, a sly gleam in his eye, "And that's not all. I've reserved a few special batches for the other lower nobles in Rivenshore. They always appreciate the finer things, and these heat stones will make quite an impression."

The twinkle in his eye was clearly not unnoticeable.

Kai nodded his head in approval. "Keep us updated. Send letters every week, Malden. We need to know how things progress. Oh, and don't try to do anything crafty. I have put a mark on you. I will know where you will be at all moments."

“A mark, my lord?”

“One to track you. You do know I'm a Mage, Malden,” he lied, patting Malden's shoulders as he paled.

It was an act to ensure the proper safety of his stones since he couldn't trust him wholly. He had already revealed himself to Malden as a Mage, so the merchant was more respectful than usual.

“I will make sure there are no complaints!”

He said and moved to stand a few steps away.

As soon as the conversation ended, he couldn’t help but notice that the only way of communication was to send and receive letters. He recalled there had been a technology to get messages fast that was famous for a small period of time, but with wars, it had gotten lost.

It resulted in the world moving back to letters by merchants. Sometimes, trained beasts also flew across cities to deliver things, but these methods seemed too inefficient to Kai.

With a quick thought, he promised himself that he would develop a better method this time once he became a Magus again.

Malden gave a confident nod as the loading ended. The guards got on a carriage behind the ones with the crates and Malden bid goodbye to Kai and Francis before making his exit.

As the carriage rumbled away, Kai heard Francis sigh.

“What is it?” he questioned as he saw Francis had his eyebrows knitted. For some reason, he looked nervous. His hands were in front of him and he was fidgeting.

Francis voiced his concern, "Well, Lord Arzan… If I may?”

Kai nodded. He couldn’t help the feeling that Francis was still walking on eggshells around him. He had barely said anything throughout the time they had been standing together.

“What is it, Francis?” he asked again.

“Heat stones are too valuable to be guarded by just a few guards. If someone knows the worth of those crates, they can easily take the guards down and keep it to their own benefit. We wouldn’t be able to do anything after they are muggled. Why isn't Knight Killian going with them? Isn’t it always better to be safe than sorry?" His concerns came in a rush as he looked at him.

“It’s alright, Francis. Nothing like that would happen. The guards are well-trained, and Malden knows what he is doing. Killian needs to go somewhere with me, therefore, he can’t guard the Heat stones.”

Francis raised an eyebrow. "Where does Killian need to go?"

Right when Kai was about to answer his question, quick steps rang out from behind. Both Kai and Francis turned around to see Killian with his brows furrowed in a tight-knit, his gaze intense.

He looked at Kai. “You were right, Lord Arzan. There had been a few disappearances in some villages. And from what I gathered, all of them seem to be around the forest.”

“Why hasn't anyone done anything about it? Won't the villages have their own guards protecting them?”

He partially had an idea why they hadn’t tried doing anything, but he wanted to know clearly what was the reason behind it.

Killian shook his head. "It's the cold season. Many try to hunt monsters for their pelts and fur, and some end up getting killed. Plus, even guards don't want to venture deep into the forest in this cold. It's a mess."

Kai thought about the situation, taking a few seconds. He looked between Killian and Francis. The latter interjected, “What is going on, Lord Arzan?”

Kai responded thoughtfully, “Well, Francis, Killian is going on an expedition with me. There seem to be dangerous monsters known as mana fiends in the Vasper forest and if we don't do anything, they will try to corrupt everyone in the territory.”



A note from Extra26



So for now, I think there would only be 5 chaps patreon for the time being. I want to do more, but my health and the editing the chaps need. It's just not viable anymore to put out a lot of chaps. You can check out the patreon if you want to read 5 chaps ahead.

https://www.patreon.com/extra26





14. Who doesn't like soup?


A note from Extra26





This story follows a young man named Jay that has grown up in a world where dungeons, monsters, and humans with leveling systems are a cultural norm. At the age of 20, he awakens a skill that allows him to steal the abilities of monsters. While others are stuck with a specific skill set, he continues to grow stronger after every battle.



* * *



- Weak to strong Male MC

- Fast leveling & Magical Items

- Explosions, Monsters, & Epic Battles

- (Over 300 chapters posted + Continuous daily uploads!)





“An expedition?” Francis’s nose scrunched up in disapproval.

Kai could feel how he felt by his immediate reaction.

Francis looked between both Kai and Killian, questioning what was going on.

“Yes, Francis. We will head over to the Vasper forest as soon as we’re ready. Lord Arzan suspects mana fiends are there and I want to take a look at it too,” Killian said and looked at him.

Francis shook his head. “Lord Arzan, I don't think you should head on an expedition. You have never been on one and I don't know what mana fiends are, but if they are really dangerous, why not send an envoy of guards to take a look? It's not wise to risk your life when things are finally looking up for the territory.”

“If we don’t go, the whole territory might be in danger. Mana fiends grow at a rapid pace, so whatever time we save, it would benefit us,” he said and noticed Francis opening his mouth to argue again. “I don’t want any more questions or arguments about it. I will be heading on the expedition with Killian.”

His unyielding voice filled the air as he ended the conversation with Francis and looked up at Killian.

“Killian, get the best men we have and leave just enough to protect the city. Explain about mana fiends to everyone and tell them that it will be dangerous, so they mentally prepare themselves. Take three days to get everything prepared. I will be in my room if needed,” He said and looked between the two men.

“Yes, Lord Arzan!” Both said in unison and there were no arguments this time. One good thing about being a noble was the authority it gave.

Kai could understand why so many nobles were so arrogant. There would be no one to go against their command, so they would obviously get an air of superiority.

He was not like them and was only in a hurry because of the nature of the mana fiends.

Kai turned around and excused himself.

From the corner of his eyes, he saw how Killian was explaining everything to Francis.

For a moment, he felt bad for him since from his understanding of him, the old man didn't wish bad on him even after the original Arzan had wasted so much time and not cared about the territory. He probably didn't want something in the way when things were looking up for them with the heat stones.

If he knew the mana fiends and corruption, he would himself give priority to it.

Kai sighed on his way. He wondered if he should work on giving education on corruption, mana fiends and other basic things to everyone once he came back from the expedition as he started walking towards his room.

Though that was for later. For now, he had to focus on the expedition.

If more people had disappeared, then it was very likely that they were dealing with at least a dozen fiends.

Kai didn't know how strong they would be, but he needed to prepare as much as he could.

He reached his room, and closing the door, he walked towards the front of the bed.

He sat on the floor and brought his legs closer, crossing them and straightening his back.

Kai first focused on his breath, inhaling and exhaling the pure mana in the air. The rest of the room fell into a peaceful silence as he consciously started pushing the mana to run in circles around his Mana Heart.

Strengthening his mana circle included making the Mana Heart absorb as much ambient mana as possible until it was ready to advance. Normally, that required a lot of practice for a 1st circle Mage.

It was hard for them to absorb mana and most of them would slip out with only parts of it being absorbed. It was different for Kai who could absorb the ambient mana as easily as breathing.

Though, he preferred to go in a meditative state to do it.

For the next few hours, he kept doing the same thing, taking all the ambient mana from the air when suddenly, he remembered the last incident before he regressed.

The minotaur’s appearance played in his head as if it happened just yesterday.

It was too strong and Kai was barely holding onto his strength. Being a Magus and a 5th circle mage had its own perks, but he was fighting with a fraction of his strength since all the surrounding mana was corrupted.

He was the last Magus alive and now, he had come back to the past, hoping to change the world from the path of destruction it had headed on.

Still, he had never thought he would deal with a mana fiend so early.

He sighed.

The memory of his last days sent shivers down his spine.

The mana fiends here couldn’t be that powerful. With men and his spells, he should be able to deal with them.

Kai opened his eyes. He extended his hand, palm faced upwards. He thought of the spell structure in his mind and developed it, letting his fingertips light a small ball of fire.

A smile danced on his lips.

Arzan seemed to be compatible enough with the element of fire.

Mostly, every Mage would have an array of spells, ranging from wards to explosive spells. They also attempted to have mastery over the elements, mostly starting from one element of their choice which they had an affinity with.

Even when he was ‘Kai’, his main element to use in battle was fire. He was good at controlling it and using it in a variety of ways to control the tide of battle.

This is just perfect, Kai thought.

Arzan seemed to hold the same affinity. He didn't know what other affinities he might have since most Mages would have anywhere from two to three, but he would find out.

The fire at his fingertips danced to their own rhythm. They moved left and right at Kai’s command. He knew he wouldn’t be able to cast stronger spells easily due to the mana cost, but he was content with the current pace.

He shifted the ball of fire from one hand to his other hand, feeling the strong sense of magic that surged within his body.

It felt much better than having an unawakened Mana Heart.

Suddenly, his stomach rumbled making a noise.

He looked up outside the window and saw that it was already midnight. It seemed like a servant might have come to ask him for dinner, but since Kai hadn't responded, he hadn't bothered.

He withdrew his hands to his sides, calming the fire down and stood up to walk outside.

The torches were still lit up.

He took the stairs and decided to see what was left in the kitchen. A midnight snack would be enough for his stomach.

From a few steps away, he could see half of the kitchen area.

It was an enclosed space but was enough for twenty workers to work without stumbling upon each other.

The flickering light of torches scattered throughout the hall. In the middle of the room, there was a large rough-hewn wooden table for food preparation. On one side of the room, which Kai could easily see, a large hearth dominated.

Kai took a few steps closer to the doorframe but halted in his footsteps as he heard voices.

They were shushed enough to not be heard when he walked through the staircase but they were loud enough to hear through the wall that separated them.

He silently took another step forward and perked up his ears.

“... And the Heat stones were just glistening from afar. Did you notice the crate?” A woman’s excited voice came through.

“Oh! Yes, I believe I took a peek while they were passing through. Is it true that Lord Arzan makes all of them by himself?” Another woman said.

“Yes, he does!” A third voice said and this time, Kai recognised it.

It was the voice of Claire.

A part of him wanted to listen more to what seemed like maid gossip, but it also seemed rude. So, he stepped forward, revealing himself.

A maid who had her hands on Claire's shoulder as she talked paled, noticing him and nearly fell.

All of them stood up. Their eyes were wide and filled with shock.

“I got hungry, so I came down to eat something,” Kai said and looked in between the ladies.

Some of their mouths were still wide open.

“L-Lord Arzan, please, have a seat at the diner. I will get you something immediately,” A red-haired maid said and walked to get him something.

Kai shook his head immediately. “No, it’s alright.”

His eyes roamed around to find anything that could be a quick meal to fill his stomach. He searched around, and they landed on herbs that were lying on the corner of the vegetable crate.

He recognised what they were.

“I’m just going to make a soup from these verdura herbs,” Kai said and grabbed a bunch from the crate.

“You are going to cook, Lord Arzan?” One maid asked, not believing his words.

“Yes,” he said and looked towards Claire. “Claire, can you help me with the vegetables?” He asked and she immediately nodded, still a bit shocked seeing him in the kitchen.

The rest of the maids stayed where they were, unable to process what was happening in front of their eyes. From how they looked at Kai, he knew that they were not comfortable with him being in the kitchen, or preparing something on his own.

Claire stepped forward and grabbed a few vegetables. The collection of knives beneath the wooden table was quite the sight. She grabbed one and immediately started cutting the fresh vegetables.

Kai grabbed a pot full of water from the corner of the table and started washing the herbs carefully.

“What are you making, Lord Arzan?” Claire’s voice came out loud as her curiosity-filled gaze fell upon him.

“A verdura soup,” he simply said and continued to boil some water.

From the look on Claire’s face, he realised that she had no idea about a soup that could be made from these herbs.

Verdura herbs were common, but they were used more for seasoning rather than making soup. They needed to be used profusely but carefully, as the aroma and the taste were much stronger than using normal herbs. In a way, it was similar to using rosemary, but verdura had its own benefits.

The recipe he was making right now was one his master had taught him.

“Here are the vegetables,” Claire placed them within his reach and walked back to the other maids.

Within ten minutes, the water was boiling, and Kai added a pinch of salt. After that, he continued to add a few more ingredients so the vegetables could soak the taste of them.

He continued adding the vegetables to the boiling pot, and last, he added the herbs. The robust aroma immediately filled the air when he did.

He could sense all the pairs of eyes on him as he continued to ladle the soup. As he continued to do that, he heard shuffles and bowls from behind. The maids were preparing his bowl to eat.

“Get a bowl each for yourself too. I made a lot.” Kai smiled.

“Lord Arzan, that's not required.” Claire and the others waved their hands in denial.

“Just do it. Can't let the soup go to waste.”

They didn't say anything else and put out bowls. As soon as the soup was ready, he turned around.

The maids looked at each other. Their eyes were talking to each other even though their mouths were sealed shut.

The red-haired maid shook her head immediately. “The soup is for you, My Lord. Please, let us serve it to you. We are not even hungry t-to share the soup.”

The rest of the maids only nodded, agreeing with her.

“I insist. Claire, take your bowl and come here,” Kai said and looked at Claire.

He knew she wouldn’t say no or reject his goodwill. She grabbed a bowl that was on the side and walked forward to where he was.

“Bring bowls for others too,” Kai said while grabbing the bowl from her hand and serving the soup with the ladle in his hand.

Claire soon kept a bunch of bowls in front of him.

Kai grabbed one after another and started serving them. The maids who were profusely confused at what was happening, simply walked forward and took the soups in their hands.

They glanced at each other and it didn't seem like they were going to taste it.

“Just drink it,” he said and they nodded.

As soon as Claire took a sip from the soup, her eyes widened. She licked her lips and continued to take more tastes from the bowl.

The rest of the maids had a similar reaction.

“This… This is well-made!” one of the maids said as she wiped her mouth from the back of her hand. “Lord Arzan, would you be able to give us the recipe? We can always make this for dinner.”

Kai nodded, “Sure.”

He finally grabbed his bowl of soup and took a sip himself. The soup was really quite good.

***

The guards were standing in front of the estate's gate with their spears in their hands.

Clad in their armours, some seemed to be excited, but others looked nervous as they stood.

Kai watched them from the back. His eyes looked at them, but they didn't seem to notice him. He raked through the guards to see Palman. Among the twenty people that were lined up, Palman was talking to another guard.

The guard's expression was of a scowl as Palman lowered his head before walking away. He seemed to be apologising and Kai didn't have to guess to know why.

If he could, he wouldn't have included him in the expedition. His face looked normal and although he was a bit paler than most, he would be okay in a week or two. The only reason Kai had included him was because he needed directions to know where exactly he had ventured to find the location of the corruption.

Feroy too was standing in his uniform. He had volunteered himself to go on the expedition, and Killian had approved, telling Kai that he was good at handling a spear.

As he stood in the courtyard, a voice called out to him. Turning back, he saw Killian.

“Lord Arzan, the men are ready to move. All of them are armed and we have additional supplies in the carriage. I believe we will be able to come back in a week,” he said, looking over to the horses and carriage.

“That’s all well. Killian-”

Kai was about to say something when he heard something and stopped.

A masculine voice came from behind.

“Knight Killian.”

Both Kai and Killian turned back, only to see a man in robes coming out of the entrance.

“Mage Actra,” Killian said and Kai widened his eyes.



A note from Extra26



Bonus chapters will start rolling out from tomorrow. Please give a rating or review. They really help and thank you really. We are in front page and would probably hit 1600 by tonight.

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





15. Actra


A note from Extra26



```



The Grand Weave by: LlazyLlama





A New Soul To Weave A Tale Fit For The Grand Tapestry Of Fate Itself

Cyrus was ready to party, only to be suddenly killed in a flash of light. Next thing he knows, he's being offered a deal by a suspicious god. With a new body and some magic skills, he is to be reborn in a new world. The land is filled with dangerous monsters, mysterious rifts, and flashy magic.

With no clear directions on where to go, he can only hope he survives long enough to figure out what to do. And maybe, just maybe, achieve immortality in the process.



* * *



Sit And Enjoy This Curious Tale : (Isekai/Portal Fantasy: Summoner/Spellspear)





```





Actra walked forward, revealing himself to both Kai and Killian.

This was the first time Kai had seen the man and he looked much older than what he had expected.

His eyes were framed with a network of fine lines, wrinkled with ages of experience. He was dressed in a long robe, which had different symbols stitched to it. They seem to resemble either a noble house or an organisation.

His guess was on the latter since it wasn't the emblem of the Duke household he had seen in his room.

He had white hair and a long, white beard that went past his chin. The most striking thing about him was his green eyes.

His fingers, filled with rings, came in contact with his beard as he scratched it with one hand. Kai could bet that all of those rings were enchanted or at least valuable in monetary value. It was hard to say.

One thing he knew was that Actra was strong. He secretly checked the amount of mana in his Mana Heart and guessed that he was at least at the peak of the 3rd circle or the beginning of the 4th.

He needed to tread carefully here as Actra was his biggest threat, simply because, unlike the rest of his retainers, the man screamed shady.

“Good morning, Mage Actra,” Kai greeted and looked at him.

Actra looked up. His eyes raked down Kai’s figure, taking a good look at him.

Kai calmly stayed still.

“Good evening. I have been in my room for too long. You look much healthier now, Arzan,” he said and looked at Killian. “I heard that there’s an expedition to the forest, I believe it’s true?” he asked, turning to take a glance at the guards and horses.

Then, his eyes fixated on Kai. Besides him, Killian seemed to be lost for words, seeing how intensely both Kai and Actra were looking at each other.

“Yes, there is something that needs to be taken care of,” Kai replied.

Actra’s green eyes seemed to reveal everything and nothing at the same time as he stared.

“Are you going too, Arzan?”

“Yes.”

“If I'm not wrong, it seems to be the truth that you have awakened as a Mage,” Actra said, his eyes shining.

“Oh, yes. I have. Did you hear about it? I heard that you’re busy with some research of your own?” Kai retaliated with another question.

Actra withdrew his eyes from Kai. “I’m in the middle of it. And, things reach my ears quite often. I couldn’t believe it until I saw you. Your organs seem to be working fine now.”

Kai smiled. Of course, things reached his ears. It’s either that a maid or guard had told him or Actra kept a close eye on Arzan. A higher possibility was the latter among the two, but Kai shrugged it off.

Thinking that it was a chance, he stepped forward and whispered, “Yes. It is all thanks to the ritual.”

His eyes bore into Actra to see at least a flicker of emotions. And for a second, he felt like there was something in his eyes, but it was quickly shielded away.

“I'm glad to be of help,” he said and looked at him with a smile.

That at least confirmed that he had something to do with the ritual, but what? Was it something that worked or was it a hoax to kill Arzan? There was no answer to that for now.

He couldn't just ask as it might give away his identity. Arzan suddenly awakening as a Mage would be enough for him to suspect something, especially if he was involved in his death.

He needed to tread carefully here.

Actra didn't seem like he was going to tell him more about the ritual.

I will surely get to the bottom of it, Actra.

Kai thought and decided to play another move.

“Well, Mage Actra, if you don't mind, why don't you come with us to the expedition? It will be a big help if a Mage of your calibre would be around,” he asked.

The closer he kept him, the better he would be able to gauge his strength and motives.

Actra immediately shook his head and his long hair waved left and right when he did that. “I still have to work on my research and that needs my complete attention. This just doesn’t seem like a big expedition that needs my powers, especially with Killian here to assist you” He nodded at Kai and continued. “I’d rather let you take all the glory.”

Kai nodded. “It’s alright.”

He had expected it. The old man really didn't like to leave his room. He wondered what kind of research he was doing, but he could pry into it later.

“I only came out because I heard Arzan was going out,” he said. “I also wanted to know for sure if the rumours about your awakening are true. Your father would be happy to hear that.”

Kai nodded once again, wincing slightly at the mention of his father. If he could, he wanted to avoid Arzan's family as long as he could.

“Lord Arzan, we need to get going.” Killian’s voice came, distracting Kai and Actra from their stares. “Mage Actra, I will see you around.”

Killian gave a respectful nod to the Mage and walked away.

“I need to go now,” Kai said with a smile.

Actra nodded and walked back towards the estate, not bothering to look behind.

Two guards brought a horse and halted it right in front of Kai. With ease, he got onto the horse.

Horse riding had been basic training by his master and even Arzan had been taught the skill because it had been a part of a noble basic education.

Though with a different body, he could feel the difference when he got on to the horse.

His weight was not helping, but he managed to sit on top of the horse.

“Everyone ready?” Killian’s voice came loud.

A few guards were on top of their horses, and some were in the carriage with the weapons. The carriage was in the back and Killian and Kai were leading all of them.

“Yes!”

The guards said in unison.

Killian looked at Kai and waited. He was asking for permission to begin the voyage.

Kai nodded back.

The gates of the courtyard opened with a loud screech. The horses in the front began to gallop. They started to move slowly in the formation.

Soon, they crossed the bridge and found themselves on the main road.

Kai’s attention was taken by the people who walked out of their homes to look at what was happening. The loud noises of the horses must have made them walk out.

Some had their mouths wide open as they looked around. Kai saw a woman showing the guards to her kid.

The kids were amazed. Probably this was the first time the guards had gone on a voyage like this in quite some time.

Kai looked around as they continued to gallop even faster after reaching the middle of the city. The aim was to get to the forest as soon as possible, and from there, they had to tread carefully.

***

Kai and the rest of the guards went through the frosty, mud-covered roads. They had come far from the city and were now making their way to the Hagmons Keep.

It was the village that Palman belonged to and was half a day away from the City of Veralt.

The cold air hit his nostrils. He looked around. He could see the fields of harvests, which were now covered in snow.

From here, they needed to take a pathway through a small hill which would trail down to the villages.

Kai's grip on the horse tightened as they moved up a hill. He signalled the horse from his leg to move forward. The horse obliged and galloped forward, passing a few guards who had started walking ahead.

“How far is it?” Kai came next to Palman and asked.

“Uh… A few more miles, Lord Arzan,” Palman said. He coughed as the coldness hit his face. As he did so, the lines on his face stretched, showing signs of recovery from the mutation. “We need to take a trail down from a crossroad and then, if we are lucky, we will be there in two hours. More often than not, a tree would fall on the road and the road can be tricky since it's a dirt one, but we will only know once we get there.”

Kai nodded. “Okay, go on ahead and help Killian with the directions.”

A few guards who were just ahead of them turned to look at Kai. Their expressions were weird and some even frowned at him.

One of them hesitated a bit before opening his mouth, “Lord Arzan, let me lead the way. I'm from Hagmons Keep too. That man is a cursed creature that would surely try to do something hideous. We shouldn't trust him.”

His face turned into a scowl as he looked at Palman who lowered his head, not defending himself.

Kai frowned, feeling like an internal conflict was going to occur sooner or later.

“Palman will be leading the way. If you want to go against my order, you are free to do so,” he said, glaring at the guard who went pale.

“I apologise for my words, Lord Arzan,” he lowered his head.

“Is there anyone else who wants to object?” Kai asked and no one among them nodded.

No one was crazy enough to go against his orders, especially when the word about him being a Mage had spread.

They moved on ahead and Kai stood in the back as Killian and Palman led the way. They passed several areas and he kept a close eye on everything, taking in the trees and plants that grew in his territory.

He recognised a few that might help out in his research and a few others that were toxic. In his past life, one of the magical arts he had taken was alchemy and thanks to that, he had good knowledge of plants. At least, the ones he would often use in his potions.

After a few hours, they reached the crossroad that led to a trail down to the village. They decided to take a short break and Kai stretched his body, getting off the horse.

Looking around, he saw guards sitting around in groups and talking. Killian seemed to be talking to Feroy about something and to his left, Palman sat alone.

Deciding to talk to him, he walked towards him.

“How are you keeping up?” He asked and Palman looked up, surprised to see him.

“I'm well, my lord. After you healed me, I have been getting back to my former self. I can't be more—”

“About the other guards.” He cut him off. “How are you keeping up with them? They aren't treating you well.”

Palman looked to be deliberating whether to talk about it or not before opening his mouth.

“Honestly, it's been tough. I have lost trust with them and am still looked upon as a weaver. I don't think it's going to get better anytime soon,” he said, sighing. “I don't blame them. I don't know what happened when I turned into that mana weaver, but I know I lashed out at them. I tried to apologise to everyone, but they have not accepted it.”

“You can win their trust back. I know you are not a weaver anymore, but these people would take time to warm up to you again.”

At that, Palman raised his heap, “How can I win their trust back?”

“By doing your job well. Be competent in it and show them that you aren't a weaver. They would have to trust their back with you in the expedition whether they like it or not. A battle is a place where even two people who hate each other turn into friends. You can do it too.”

Palman nodded and thanked him. Kai had no idea if he understood what he meant to say.

In the first place, he had very basic experience leading people. He had always been more of a loner in his previous life. At least until he had started going into old ruins, so this wasn't as natural to him as being a Mage was.

The small break soon ended and they started moving forward. The trail down was smoother than what he had expected as they reached the end of it, it turned into a path, which was way narrower than the trail and led to the main road going towards the village.

It only allowed one horse at a time and Palman went first, followed by the others.

As they entered the road, they were met with big trees. Some were dead in the coldness and the rest were barely hanging.

The road seemed to have been cleared out by people who used it.

They moved fast, one at a time, and finally, the narrow road came to an end.

Kai could already see the village from afar, but suddenly, he squinted as he noticed something.

Thickly laced smoke rose in the air and it seemed to be coming straight from the village. It was burning!

“Everyone, move quickly!” Killian yelled loudly.

Loud yellings and cries became more and more apparent as they got closer to Hagmons Keep.

Kai used a spell for better vision as he got closer.

“[Hawk Eyes],” he muttered under his breath and formed a spell structure around his eyes. It wasn't a complicated one and the next second, his eyes shone.

He wanted to preserve mana, but he needed to have a better look at the situation.

Through his improved eyes, he saw diminutive creatures running towards the burning gates of the village. Barely two to four feet tall, the hunched creatures were making animalistic sounds as they rushed on to attack the wooden walls.

Their shrill and guttural sounds pierced the air, louder than the cries of the villages.

Kai immediately frowned.

“Goblins are attacking the village! Prepare for battle!”

***

Actra entered his room which was filled with all sorts of things. Covering a side of the room was a bookshelf.

It was filled with several books related to magic, powers, the history of Mages, spells, and different forbidden ritual practices.

In one corner of the room, a crystal ball radiated energy and he walked up to it and touched it before sitting on an adjacent desk.

Finally, alone, he frowned and closed his eyes, thinking about the conversation he just had with Arzan and felt a headache brewing.

Finally, he stood up and walked towards the closed windows. They were fogged with mist. He wiped the window and stared down.

Arzan was making his way on top of a horse, looking determined. It was a completely different aura than what he was used to. Had he gotten confidence after awakening as a Mage? Maybe.

His thoughts ran awry as he focused on them. Various possibilities ran through his mind. But none of them seemed to explain what had happened.

He finally shook his head and went back to the desk.

Grabbing the quill and the paper, he started to write a letter.

To the Esteemed Council,

I trust this letter finds you in good health and unwavering resolve. Regrettably, I find myself compelled to bring to your attention a matter of utmost urgency and consequence...



A note from Extra26



Please give a rating or review. They really help and thank you really. We are in front page and would probably hit 1800 by tonight. Bonus chapters are being written so expect them in a few hours.

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





16. Dirty goblins (Bonus chap)


A note from Extra26



```





Brymeia: The Visitor [Isekai, Progression Fantasy, Romance]



After one eventful night, Frein Nivan finally discovers the truth. His girlfriend, Katherine Militia, came from Brymeia, a world of fantasy come to life. As the world's Seeker, she's tasked to find Brymeia's next Visitor—vessels of a mysterious, well-guarded purpose that can only live in Brymeia for one year.

Spurred by the discovery of alien life and despite Katherine's conflicting protests, Frein voluntarily offers himself to take the role.

Now he only needs to do the impossible and make sure he dies peacefully and with Katherine happy.

Follow Frein as his arrival causes rippling effects throughout Brymeia. Friendships forge their bonds; enemies sever them. Questions force shadows out of hiding. True histories reveal themselves. And long-winded plans go out of order.

Destiny makes itself known. Will Frein take it or shatter it to pieces? Either way, he only has one year.

*Updates:

Now releasing 3-4 times a week! Schedule will be usually TTHS and sometimes Sundays (will be announced a day before) PST!





``` here you go!





Kai’s eyes were immediately drawn to how gruesome the goblins were. Their ears were pointed upwards in attention and their green skin was dirty.

They wore rags and had small weapons in their hands, from short swords to clubs. He could also see a few with bows in the back.

“Ahhhhh!” One goblin yelled, revealing its sharp, pointy teeth and shot a flaming arrow towards the gate.

The rest of them followed its motion as more flaming arrows hit the village gate and wooden palisade, burning through them.

As they moved closer, Killian and other guards were also able to see the goblins.

There were over two dozen of them attacking the main gateway of Hagmons Keep. In response, arrows and rocks were aimed at the goblins by the villagers on the walls, but their aim was shaky, barely hitting two goblins.

Kai doubted they had experience in battles. The wooden palisade would have kept out the occasional wolves and other monsters, but even the village guards were never prepared for a full-on battle. The less said about ordinary villagers, the better.

This was strange and different.

Another goblin aimed the fired-up arrow in the air. It hit a villager straight in the neck as he fell from the walls. People gasped around him as the goblins stabbed his body before shifting their focus to the other guards.

A few of the villagers jumped out, trying to take the goblins head-on with swords and spears, but they were nothing in front of the hunched monsters.

They were too swift for the villagers and soon, a few of them were dead or mutilated. Looking at that, the others ran left and right, trying to get away from the goblins.

All in all, the battle seemed fairly one-sided. Despite having the terrain advantage, the villagers looked scared while the goblins attacked with fervor as they yelled in whatever language they spoke.

The coldness didn’t help anyone either. It only made the guards and the people weak.

On the other hand, goblins seemed unaffected by the weather.

“Lord Arzan, we should go help them,” a guard said from the sides. They were currently standing at a far distance with a perfect view of the ongoing battle.

Kai shook his head. “No, wait!”

He moved forward, squinting his eyes. The smoke from the flames hit his face due to the winds and he coughed before steadying himself.

Looking at the village, his eyes searched for something. He saw corpses of humans, a few who looked like simple villagers, but he didn't let it get to him as he walked to the side, trying to peek into the other side of the village.

Finally, he saw what he was looking for.

He turned around and waved his hand. The guards led by Killian immediately walked towards him.

“What is it, Lord Arzan?” Killian quickly asked.

“You should all go from the front. Hurry and assist the villagers. The gate won't stay for long. Killian and I— We will go from the back. The goblin lord is attacking from the other side!”

“Goblin lord?”

“Yes, goblins won't attack villages like these without someone leading them. I saw the silhouette of the lord on the other side. It was too big for me to miss. We can take it head-on. It's a Grade 3 monster on the lower spectrum of it.”

Killian immediately nodded and looked back at the guards.

“Archers, assist from here and the rest, go help the village guards. Let's kill some goblins.” Killian ordered.

The archers immediately picked up their bows and took out arrows from the back of the carriage. The others also grabbed their weapons and started moving towards the main gate.

A few villagers up on the walls cheered seeing the guards coming up.

“Let’s go,” he said to Killian who followed him.

They walked around the wooden fence. Getting closer and closer, Kai saw a few villagers escaping from the back entrance. They were running towards the forest area to hide and seemed to be injured with their arms bleeding.

Both of them moved towards the back door and muffled cries caught Kai’s attention.

They saw a gate torn away and splintered with the walls burnt. The goblins had gotten in and were now terrorizing the villagers.

Earlier, he had seen a dozen trying to break through the main gate, and now, there were dozens here too. It was a small army in total.

His eyes immediately went to a large goblin standing in the middle, speaking gibberish in an unrecognizable language. Kai had once thought of learning monster language, but it seemed like most monsters spoke differently, so he had given up.

Still, he could make out the gibberish as something like “Kill everyone”.

The lord goblin’s voice made the goblins halt in their actions. They all looked at their lord in unison and replied using the same language.

In a matter of seconds, they pulled the sharp knives from their backs and started tearing everything apart.

Some goblins attacked the houses, and the rest of them started attacking the people.

A few armed villagers rushed towards the goblins and started fighting back. They held their shields in front as the goblins jumped at them.

Kai took his attention away from them and looked at the towering figure.

The snarling goblin lord was easily over six feet tall, being even taller than Kai. It was wearing a skull hat and a necklace crafted from bones. Some other accessories completed its look and its skin was lightish compared to the other goblins.

Kai immediately saw the axe that was on its back. No blood dripped from it.

It seemed like it didn't do the work, but it was the one who was commanding the rest of the goblins.

“Lord Arzan, you help the villagers. I will take care of the lord,” Killian said, his voice thick with determination.

Kai simply nodded and walked from the sides to help the villagers who were attacking the goblins. He knew Killian could hold his own against the goblin lord. He was no Enforcer, but at least the knight didn't seem like he missed training and was fairly competent.

Even if the goblin lord overpowered him, Kai could simply rush back to his aid.

Getting off the horse, he entered the village through the torn gate and immediately lifted his hand as he saw a bunch of goblins fighting villagers.

A spell structure formed as he visualized it in his mind. For any spell, visualization was a key step, and although spell structures formed the basis of a spell, visualization, and chanting helped to push forth the intent of the caster, helping control the spell.

“[Fire Bolt].”

As he pushed his mana, a bolt of fire immediately headed towards the goblins.

It pierced one of them in the chest, instantly smoldering it as the goblin cried. The rest of the goblins turned around from the villagers and looked at him

A few of them rushed at him and with flicks of his wrists, he cast small bolts of fire.

It was a 1st circle spell, but was incredibly handy with the mana intake being fairly low, letting him cast a few of them at the same time.

To stronger enemies, the bolts would hardly do any damage, but goblins were Grade 1 monsters that newbie Mages killed for practice.

The bolts of fire hit the goblins. One of them dodged, but the others were incinerated on the spot.

The one goblin that survived snarled at Kai before rushing at him with a knife. He waited until it was close enough before casting the spell again.

He slid back as the knife barely missed his legs before the bolt of fire pierced through the goblin's head.

Blood spurted out and he frowned, looking at his robes which were now soiled.

Still, it was no time to worry about these things as he turned his attention towards the villagers who stood, watching him with awe.

“Don't just stand there. Kill the remaining goblins!” he yelled at them and they nodded.

Immediately, he started going after the rest of the goblins. All of them focused on him, knowing that he was their biggest threat.

They snarled and rushed towards him, fighting like the mobs they were.

His bolts of fire pierced through their chest with precision and those who survived were met with the spears and swords of the villagers who ran right after the spell and slit each goblin in their throats.

The monsters weren't able to fight back as the villagers were aided by Kai.

Their numbers dwindled with each passing second and finally, there was none of them left.

“Go help the guards and other villagers at the main gate,” he said once the last goblin had died.

The villagers looked at him with awe and fear. One of them, with a stubble, hesitated before speaking, “Shouldn't we move to safety?”

“There’s no safety in the village until the goblins are all dead,” he said and looked at Killian with the corner of his eye. “Go unless you want to help deal with the goblin lord.”

They were quick to run towards the main gate once he said that. With that done, he turned back.

Killian was busy fighting the goblin lord right in front of the splintered gate. His attacks weren't landing well, but traces of determination were on his face as he tried to stab the goblin lord with his sword.

It didn't work out as the goblin lord waved his axe in a diagonal line.

Killian swiftly avoided the attack and rolled down on the ground. With his shield, he blocked the axe away from himself, but the goblin lord twisted up the shield with his axe threw the shield across the air, and attacked Killian again.

Its axe slashed downwards and Killian slid back, barely dodging the attack, but the goblin lord came down again. With no shield to protect him, he could only scamper away from the axe of the goblin lord.

Knowing that he needed to interfere, Kai pushed mana into another spell structure.

The goblin lord’s yellow teeth gritted together, while it swung its weapon at Killian who jumped to the side. It clanked its axe against the metallic bar that held a part of the gate.

It hit it once again, loudly, showing its anger as the gate fell.

It was then that Killian noticed Kai who gestured to him to walk to the left, away from the range of his spell.

As soon as he was at a safe distance, Kai put his mana into the already-prepared spell structure.

“[Cinder Circle].”

He muttered and the next second, a flaming vortex rose from the ground, circling the goblin lord who cried as it felt the heat heading towards it.

It tried to push them away with its axe, but they burned its hand.

Although the goblins had tough skins to survive the cold, they weren't much better against the heat. It could even be taken as a major weakness.

[Cinder Circle] was not easy to cast, being a spell of the 2nd circle and it was a hard hit on his reserves, but it would help contain the goblin lord to one place and if it tried to get out, its whole body would be scorched.

“Now, it's time to kill you,” he muttered, conjuring up a few fire bolts around himself and aiming them at the goblin lord who screamed as the flames burned its rough skin.

The bolts hit it right in its large body. Two of them were stopped by the large axe, but the other two hit him right in the chest, scorching it as the goblin screamed in agony.

It fell on one knee and glared at Kai who prepared more bolts, using the last bit of his reserves to put an end to the goblin lord, but then suddenly the eyes of the monster flashed as it let out a visceral roar before its body shone with a green sheen. The muscles bulged and it suddenly looked even taller.

Then, it rushed towards Kai, ignoring the flames burning his arms and legs, and swung his axe.

Kai let out a yelp of surprise and jumped back, barely dodging the attack as it made a crack on the surface.

He immediately attacked with one of the bolts, but the goblin lord blocked it with its axe.

Kai dodged, but barely. He cursed his body which wasn't made for combat and tried to hit it with his bolts. If he was right, it was a temporary state of power and the goblin lord would soon exhaust itself.

Until then, he needed to survive.

One of the bolts hit the goblin lord in the neck, and it screeched in pain. Taking the opportunity, Kai kicked it, but his kick had no power and he felt pain in his legs.

“Why didn't you try to learn a thing or two about keeping your body in shape, Arzan? Why were you so stupid?”

He said in frustration and the goblin lord swung its axe. Too close to dodge, Kai tried to conjure up a spell, but a shield blocked the attack.

He saw Killian right in front of him as he pushed back the goblin lord.

“Let me deal with this creature, Lord Arzan!” He said and stabbed his sword at the goblin lord.

Kai nodded, putting distance to get away from the goblin lord and sit down as Killian clashed against it. As he had thought before, the goblin lord got slower and slower as Killian fought it, injuries straining its body.

Soon, Killian managed to stab its heart.

The monster fell to the ground with a loud thud.

Kai panted, feeling the energy draining from his body as he looked at the dead monster on the ground.

He had almost exhausted his mana reserves with the dozens of fire bolts and other spells. He would need some time to regenerate his mana.

If it wasn't for Killian, he would have died.

I am not in my old body. I need to be better at mana preservation in my current state.

He sighed and Killian’s footsteps came from up ahead as he looked down at Kai.

He was bleeding from his upper arm. Kai’s eyes lingered around the cut for a moment.

“The axe was sharp, eh?” he asked and huffed.

Killian nodded before his eyes shifted around him. Finally, he spoke. “Lord Arzan, your powers are even better than the Mages at the towers back in the capital….” He said while looking at Kai. “I haven’t seen anyone cast spells so fast and efficiently.”

Kai simply nodded. The praise seemed genuine, but he wasn't good with them.

“Your father will be proud when he sees you.”

Kai ignored that comment and stood back up.

“I don't hear any noises. I think they managed to deal with the goblins at the main gate. Let's go check.”

***

They moved towards the main gate and saw a large crowd gathered around a dozen bodies of dead goblins. The corpses were being carried away by the guards.

Kai looked all around the village, taking in the sight. It seemed to be a small settlement with a population of over a hundred.

He could see injured men and women all around. A few of them had burnt marks, others were simply stabbed by the goblins.

All of his men seemed to have survived the ordeal despite a few of them having injuries.

As he walked towards the villagers, he could hear whispers about him. It seemed like the guards had told everyone about him.

Kai ordered them to help the villagers extinguish the flames and help out the injured villagers before he called upon the village chief.

As it turned out, it was a fairly young man who seemed to be in his mid-20s with blonde hair and a dirty beard. Kai recalled seeing him trying to hit the goblins with arrows.

An arrow had hit his arm and after it was bandaged, he walked up to Kai to talk to him.

“Thank you so much for saving us,” the chief said. “I didn't expect Lord Arzan to come to our aid. Without your help, Hagmons Keep would have fallen to the goblins.”

The young man bowed towards him.

“What is your name? You are young,” Kai asked.

“I’m Alden, my Lord. I took over the village after my father, the previous chief, passed away,” he said through a whimper.

Kai nodded, looking around the village. His gaze lingered on the house, the people, then back to the palisade before he noticed Alden's leg.

It was bandaged, the same as his arm, but it looked old.

“Alden, there's been more than just goblins that have been the problem, right?” He asked. “Some people have marks on their arms that don't seem to have come from the goblins. You seem to be injured in your leg. And the gate on the other side, the goblin lord wouldn't have been able to break through it if it wasn't already damaged.”

Alden’s eyebrows knitted together as he looked at him with sorrow in his eyes. He sighed. “Yes, my lord. There had been countless attacks like this for a week. From wolves… to other monsters like ash bears.” His eyes lowered to look at his leg. “We’ve lost quite a few people. Me and a few others barely survived. We don't know why it is happening,” he said and frowned.

“It started a week ago?” He tilted his head.

“Yes, I was about to send an envoy to the city to get help, when all of this happened and you got here,” Alden said through muffled pain. He clutched the side of his ribs where he seemed to have gotten injured, but stood straight, staring at Kai.

“That's weird,” he remarked.

It was strange for monsters to attack civilizations. They would never venture so far away from their homes and forests unless there was a reason for it.

Maybe, some monster would attack a village from time to time, looking for human meat.

But this was unnatural.

“Is there something unusual you noticed around the village? Maybe in the forest?” Kai asked.

The question made his eyes pop up and Arden nodded vigorously.

“Actually, there had been reports from the hunters that they had noticed strange activities in the western part of the forest. We also have had people disappearing around that area.”

“Western part of the forest,” Kai muttered, connecting the dots to the notions that Palman mentioned before.

Mana fiends.

Kai looked back and saw Palman helping a woman get to her feet. Her one hand was bleeding, and she had wrapped her unharmed hand around Palman’s neck. As soon as she was on her feet, a few women walked forward, taking her from Palman’s support.

“Palman!” Kai called him.

Palman immediately came running.

“Have you been to the west as well when you saw the Thornbuck?”

Palman thought for a second before nodding.

“Yes, my lord.”

Kai frowned. It seemed like they were on the right track to find the mana fiends.



A note from Extra26



Here bonus chap! Sorry took time! Please rate, review and follow! Let's cross 2000!

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





17. Mana fiends (?)


A note from Extra26





The Elder Lands (A Kingdom Building LitRPG)



Lucan is the son of a landed knight in a kingdom that is surrounded by diverse threats. As he comes of age, he must make peace with both the tasteful and distasteful of his responsibilities.



But most important of all, he must find a way to either tame or accept his own ambitions.



In a realm where an underground labyrinth births monsters that hunger to climb into the world of man, it’s difficult to be a noble and dangerous to be a warrior. Lucan must navigate a maze of mortal peril and political intrigue if he is to survive and, perhaps someday, thrive.





--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Read this if you enjoy Action Adventure/Kingdom Building - LitRPG without way too much number crunching or millions of skills.

There are no 'territory status sheets'. The LitRPG aspects are present strictly on the individual level.





Kai looked at the village chief. “Alden, how many people have disappeared?”

Alden’s lips formed thin lines as he fell into deep thought. Kai could tell that he was counting, as his fingers started bending one by one on his side.

“Four,” he said. “Though we generally have disappearances, most of the time, we find bodies as some people get killed trying to hunt monsters. This time, we didn't find bodies.”

“What about the strange activities?”

“Some hunters reported seeing unusual shadows in the forest. Also, we hear noises at random times like someone crying or screaming. They also reported a weird smell coming from the forest when they were there. We sent a few people to investigate, but they didn't find anything and with the attacks, we are already short-handed.”

Alden explained and Kai guessed that the noises were coming from the humans captured by the fiends. Getting corrupted could be a painful process as some types of mana fiends tended to torture people while doing it.

As for the smell, it might very well be from the mana fiends.





“L-Lord Arzan, may I speak?” A quavery voice of a woman came from behind and interrupted them.

Kai leaned to his left to see who was talking as Alden was obstructing his vision. As he did, he saw an old woman who used a stick to stand.

“Yes, go on,” Kai said, walking past Alden and standing before her.

“My son is a hunter, Lord Arzan,” she said, a bitter smile plastered on her face and her voice wavering. “He just… disappeared one day, and no one was able to find him. It's been over a month and there's not even a trace of him.” She started sobbing as she spoke.

The chief of the village stepped forward as he heard what she was saying.

“Her son was one of the four who disappeared. Some hunters tend to venture deep into the woods and often get killed. I fear that he met the same fate. Zanma was someone who liked to show off the bigger monsters he had managed to hunt, he went after them often,” Alden said, looking at the woman and Kai.

The woman scoffed. She rolled her eyes at Alden. “He’s a skilled hunter, Lord Arzan, but not a fool who would lose his life. If you don’t believe me, please, ask around. The chief is young and doesn't know my son well enough. But my son wouldn’t die like that!” Her pain was clear from her reddened eyes as she spoke.

Alden sighed loudly. “I understand your grief, but sometimes the forest can be unforgiving. He might have met with an unfortunate fate… We don’t know anything for sure.”

The old lady shook her head, not believing a single word that came out of Alden. Her eyes pleaded to Kai. “No! He's experienced. He wouldn't needlessly die out there. Something else is at play!”

Kai raised his hand at Alden making him pause without saying anything more.

The woman clearly grieved for her son, Zanma and was in denial about his death. There might be a chance he was actually a good hunter and had just been unlucky enough to get captured by the mana fiends.

Though, if he was, then, he might actually be better off dead.

“Do you know where he used to hunt?” Kai questioned. “Was it in the west?”

“He used to go all over the forest and would have certainly hunted in those parts,” Alden said.

“I can help you, Lord Arzan…” A man walked forward suddenly. He was one of the few who was listening to their conversation.

He was a fairly tall man with long hair and a shaved face. Unlike the others, he seemed to have survived without hits from the goblins and looked in good shape.

“I’m one of the hunters and used to go hunting with Zanma. He was a good friend of mine,” the man said. “I mean, he's a good friend of mine.” He corrected before the old woman could hiss at him.

Kai nodded. “Alright. What is your name?”

“It's Phillips, my lord.”

“You will follow us to the western parts of the forest. Originally, I came to this village to investigate Vasper forest as I suspect there some foul creatures are hiding that might become a threat to the region,” Kai declared, looking at the confusion on the faces of Alden and Phillips.

“Foul creatures?” Phillips asked.

“Yes, I will explain on the road,” he said before turning to the old woman. “If your son is alive, we will find him.”

She nodded and muttered a small thank you to Kai and the rest of the guards.

“We can head out after helping out to organise things here,” Killian said from behind.

Kai agreed and watched the guards gather to help out the villagers. He however needed to rest to recover his mana.

Although he made mana pretty fast for being in the 1st circle, he still wanted to be refreshed before they made their way towards the forest.

The acrid scent of burnt wood hung in the air as Kai sat back down in the corner and started breathing in and out.

As he focused on his breathing, he heard footsteps all around him as guards and villagers scampered around to fix the mess created by the goblins.

If he was at the 2nd circle, he might just be able to deal with the goblins far more quickly and even help around the repair with a few spells, but right now, he needed to conserve his mana.

After an hour or two, he opened his eyes and they scanned towards the rest of the village.

The boundaries of the village were marked by a palisade, and beyond that, there were the dried leaves, and twisted branches that marked the entrance of the forest.

“Lord Arzan,” Killian walked up to him, breaking his thoughts.

“Yes? All set?” Kai asked back.

The knight nodded. They both looked back to see the villagers who seemed to be resting and were discussing what had happened a while ago. They were all in little groups in front of the few destroyed houses.

Fortunately, most of the houses in the village were saved and the ones who had burnt could easily be repaired.

Beyond that, the palisade would need more time to repair, especially the gate at the back that had only a few parts remaining with most of the wood either being burnt or smashed in.

“Yes, I think we should leave a few guards behind. Just in case they need help,” Killian said and looked at the villagers once again.

He nodded. “Leave three men here and tell the villagers to prioritise fixing the gates. We will come through here anyway.”

Killian nodded and walked back to let the guards know about their plans.

Kai stood up, stretching his body and feeling his Mana Heart being half full. That would do for now and he could charge it more on the way.

***

The sound of footsteps echoed through the silent, dense forest.

It was filled with trees all around. The tall, half-dead trees covered the view of the sky.
