Apart from the tallest trunks, throughout the road they walked, they were met with other plants that were facing symptoms of wilting because of the harsh winter.

The dried leaves made rustling noises due to the cold wind that passed them.

Kai inhaled deeply. The earthly scent of the forest filled his lungs.

He was walking in front of the group. They left the horses back in the village as the western area where Zanma used to hunt was only an hour away.

With him, Phillips walked along with Killian right behind them. The rest of the guards walked in a formation with Feroy and Palman leading the rearguard.

“How many times have you hunted in this area?” Kai asked, looking at Phillips. He wanted to know more details about Zanma and the area around them.

“Twice a month with him, Lord Arzan. I had a hunting group with locations mapped out for easy prey, but Zanma was more unruly, trying to cover every part of the forest. I would join him to look for some larger monsters whose coats might fetch a good price.”

“What type of monsters live around here?” The guy paused for a moment before responding.

“The area is dense with monsters, to be honest. Not every monster is willing to go to the dungeon to hibernate in the winter. Some of these are very territorial, Lord Arzan. From grey wolves to trolls, I have seen a lot of them. Goblins too, but I think the ones who attacked the village were the small clan of them that lived around here.”

“They never stepped out of the forest before, right?” Kai asked.

“Not that I recall. We’ve been trying to trace the monsters, because we thought it would be a big one pushing them back to the village, but found little to nothing.”

Kai fell into thought. It certainly seemed like something was pushing them out, but if they had found nothing, then that just raised more questions.

He had a few hypotheses, but nothing concrete that fit the situation.

If mana fiends are involved, then it's strange that monsters are running towards villages. They normally won't act like this.

He thought, his facial muscles straining.

“Could it be mana fiends?” Killian’s curiosity-filled voice came from behind. He had been listening to the conversation and seemed to have attached the problem with mana fiends.

Kai wanted to say yes to the question, but after listening to everything, he sensed that something was wrong.

Mana fiends were known to capture territories owned by others, but they would hardly let monsters leave. Usually, they would corrupt and integrate them.

Especially if the monster was a goblin lord who would easily be a strong fiend.

At worst, they would kill them, but a whole clan of goblins and other monsters running away from them didn't make sense.

Kai shrugged. “It can be. Let's keep moving for now.” His answer was curt and Killian didn't seem to have any follow-up questions.

As they walked, Phillips deemed it to be the right moment to ask more questions.

“Who or what are mana fiends?” he asked.

“Mana fiends are creatures that possess corrupted or dead mana. They are pretty powerful and often corrupt areas or people. When they corrupt a monster, they’d turn into mana fiends, just like the rest of them. You know human fiends as mana weavers. There are other variations, but I won't go there. Just understand, they are more dangerous than normal monsters you would come across,” Kai explained.

Phillips nodded. “They sound like shit creatures to come across,” he whispered to himself.

Kai huffed hearing that.

“Keep an eye out. We are in the deeper parts of the forest now,” Killian said aloud for the guards in the back to hear.

They continued to move forward on the game trail. Time passed like that as they moved and Kai kept an eye out for signs of corruption.

Normally, mana fiends would affect the surroundings a lot, but he didn't see any obvious signs of corruption. The ground and trees looked devoid of any and the ambient mana in the air was clean.

“We are in the area where I used to hunt with Zanma,” the hunter said while gesturing to the road. “Just beyond these thickets, there’s a clearing. It leads straight to the streams and a network of caves straight from it. Used to be my second favourite hunting spot.”

Kai nodded. “Caves, you say? Any particular reason that your hunts led you both there?”

“Aye, the caves were a haven for elusive prey, and the streams teemed with life. Perfect for a skilled hunter to wait around. We'd track game through the clearing and follow the natural pathways to those caves before hunting them down.”

Kai looked around the place. Compared to the opening of the forest which had more grass, this area was dense.

He stopped in his tracks to inspect it.

The rest of the group stopped after him and continued to stay silent without asking questions.

Kai walked around the place. His fingertips touched the trunks of the cold trees. Nothing. He bent down and checked for any subtle hint of corruption. Nothing.

“Can you guys check for signs of corruption? Mostly they appear as blackened spots on trees, grass and even earth. Also, keep a lookout for any strange sounds or smells.”

The group nodded and started searching for any sign of corruption. Kai followed them along and reached a bit farther from where they were.

“The stream is ahead, right?” Kai asked loudly.

The hunter bobbed his head up and down in agreement.

“Did you all find anything?” He asked.

“Nothing, Lord Arzan. We found nothing!” One of the guards said, his voice thick with disappointment. Killian also shook his head.

“Let me check something then,” Kai said and started moving forward. As he did, the guards followed him.

He soon halted as he heard the sound of water before moving again.

As he moved ahead, the sound got closer and closer. Kai jogged down the path to finally reach the stream.

It was a wide stream that seemed to be used as a water source by the village. Bending down, he looked at it carefully.

The water was pristine and seemed to be running as usual. There were no signs of any corruption around the stream too.

He stepped forward carefully, avoiding slipping on mud by the stream and took a sip from it.

As soon as he was hit with the taste of the water, his face scrunched up.

“It can't be—”

“What- what is it, Lord Arzan?” Killian’s worried voice distracted Kai.

He turned around to see Killian frowning deeply. The rest of the guards were standing behind him.

“The water is normal,” Kai said, calming the guards down.

“Why are you acting like that then? We thought something was off.”

Kai scoffed. “Something is off. Mana fiends would often pollute water. It’s not very natural to see there’s pure water. It should have been filled with pollutants, but as you see, that's not the case.”

He couldn’t understand what was going on. If mana fiends were around here, then things didn't fit with their natural habits. It was already odd that they had let monsters get away from them and only pushed them away from their homes.

With the stream being clean, it posed additional questions.

Does that mean there could be something more—

Kai’s eyes flickered in between his thoughts as he saw something shining. It was a quick twinkle of something, but he couldn’t exactly pinpoint what it was.

His eyes squinted as he tried to take a better look at it. It was on the other side of the stream, in between the bushes.

“Guards! Killian! There is some—”

Before Kai could finish his sentence properly, something from the bush popped up.

“Argh!”

It was a skeleton.

A white fleshless skeleton with fire casting from its eye sockets. The skeleton lunged forward, in a swift motion across the stream at once.

Kai quickly looked at the weapon in its hand and frowned.



A note from Extra26



Sorry took a lot of time! Was sleeping whole day today because woke up early for something! Crossed 2k! Thank you so much! Let's aim for 3k!

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





18. Dealing with White Stuff


A note from Extra26





Ultimate Level 1 - Book 1 - Shattered Dreams



Max wanted to be a [Baker].

Settle down, bake stuff, and enjoy life.

The gods, however, ruined that dream. Given [Baker] and a black skill, he is now running for his life, trying to grow strong enough to return home.



-------

LitRPG

1.1+ Million Views! Book 1 is Live on Amazon!

Tons of 5 Star Reviews - "MC's Head is Brighter than this author's Future" - JjHutto

"Finally Some Bald Representation" - Yahao

"Lots of Fun!" - Burl

"My First Solid 5 Star Review" - Den_Samme

Help out this Dad and check it out!





As it lunged forward, Kai instinctively took a few steps behind. He could hear the guards gasping behind him.

The skeleton landed on its bony feet and looked in between the guards and Kai.

Its eye sockets glowed as fire erupted out of them. Kai’s eyes raked down to its body. It was nothing but bones, seemingly a low-grade undead. With its jagged teeth, it grinned. A twisted smirk contorted its features.

“Stay back,” Kai ordered.

The skeleton seemed to analyse the people for a few seconds.

“What is it-”

Before Killian could question, it lunged forward, Its bony hand whipping forward. Kai dodged it and rolled on the ground. He got to his feet immediately and stood next to the skeleton.

“That's a skeleton!”

“Lord Arzan, are you okay?”

The guards shouted out, their voices filled with shock, but he ignored them for the time being.

It looked at Kai and let out a harsh, low, guttural sound out of its teeth. Whatever it yelled, sounded as if a bone was scraping against a stone.

It raised its hand and formed a fist.

Kai noticed a few patterns pulsating with crimson light across its limbs and ribs.

Those were seals given by a human to it. It wasn't a skeleton borne from a dungeon or something natural.

Kai prepared himself while looking at Killian, signalling him to be on guard.

The skeleton lunged forward once again. Its hands were in the air as it tried to get a hold of Kai.

Kai bent his upper body and turned to his sides, making the skeletal figure pass him, but he slammed his hands into its shoulder, and it stumbled off balance.

It was strong and swift, immediately bolting upright. Whoever had made it had been careful to make sure it could hold its ground in a fight.

Without wasting another second, with a flick of his wrist, he summoned the winds, whispering a quick incantation under his breath.

“[Rise Gales].”

But the skeleton, fueled by unearthly speed, deftly dodged the onslaught of wind, moving with an uncanny swiftness that belied its skeletal form.

The skeleton once again made the same scratchy noise through its gritted teeth.

The glare of fire in its eyes grew.

“Umph!”

Before Kai could think, the skeletal monster tried to grab him by his hand.

Its bony fingers tightly wrapped around Kai as he tried to break free and prepare another spell.

His eyes, focused on the monster in front of him, shifted to the guards. They were preparing themselves to attack the monster from behind.

“Don't let the bastard touch the lord! Attack him!”

Killian yelled approaching it from behind. He swung the sword in an arc, trying to hit the skeleton and break its neck into two.

As soon as the sword hit its neck, the bones broke and a gap appeared in between its neck, but the next second, it started to heal.

Killian’s eyes widened.

Kai was not surprised as he already sensed the types of enchantments on it. Despite being a Grade 1 undead, the enchantments were helping it stand it's ground.

Whoever brought life to the skeleton must have been a skilled Mage with mastery over undead enchantments and the way they worked.

The skeleton’s scratchy voice once again echoed through the silent forest like nails scratching on a chalkboard.

The only other noises were of Kai who took heaving breaths, cursing his body for the nth time.

It turned around immediately and looked at Killian to attack it.

Kai took that moment to cast a spell. He drew the spell structure in his mind and started pushing mana from his Mana Heart. It was a 2nd circle called [Heat Wave] and took more concentration to use, but if he was right, it would be enough to deal with the skeleton.

As he prepared the spell, Killian actively dodged each strike the skeleton threw at him. The other guards surrounded him, not moving in case they got in his way.

“[Astrum Veil].” Kai said the incantation aloud of the spell.

The mana rushed from his body and sent a wave of heated air towards the monster. It hit him and immediately burst the insides of the bones.

In the next second, they broke into hundreds of pieces and flew in the air. It almost looked like a firecracker from afar.

“Ahh!” Its hollow voice filled the air as the bones fell to the ground.

Killian and other guards gaped at the charred bones on the ground, some crackling and dropping into the stream, mixing with the water and burying deep inside. The guards stepped on them to make sure it was dead.

“Are you okay?” Killian asked.

“I’m okay,” he stated.

He took a few steps back to take deep breaths. The spell had taken more energy than he initially assumed. Just to make sure the skeleton died, he had used more mana than normally be required.

His eyes returned to the damp soil near the stream. He walked closer and picked one of the bones that were everywhere.

As he took it to his hand, he saw the glimmer of crimson energy dying slowly. It turned back to a pure white piece of bone.

Kai squinted his eyes at it.

When the mana died immediately, he noticed the distinct pattern the skeleton carried and the enchantments it had received. The seals seemed to be used to enchant the skeleton's speed and defence, a basic work done well.

He sighed and crushed the bone, seeing it crumble into pieces in his hand and being swept away, joining the wind that came from the upstream. It blew away, nothing but dust in the stream.

He looked back at the guards who had their eyebrows furrowed. A few seemed to be craning their necks to look for any other skeleton that might be in the vicinity, and Killian seemed like he wanted to ask something, but was waiting for him to talk first.

“I was wrong,” Kai said, biting his lips.

His assessment of the mana fiends throughout the venture had been as wrong as it could get.

He had jumped onto the dead mana and the weaver situation, thinking it could only be mana fiends, but those were not the only beings using dead mana.

The guards frowned as he continued. “We are dealing with a worse target than mana fiends. Going by the skeleton's power… we are not going to have it easy.”

“A band of skeletons, my lord?” Killian asked, looking down at a piece of bone by his foot.

“Not just that.”

“What is it then?” he asked.

“It’s a necromancer. That skeletal assailant was covered in enchantments to empower it. A normal skeleton soldier wouldn't be able to move like that.”

Kai frowned. Necromancy. He'd read up a lot on it. It wasn't just another art of magic; it was a forbidden one which was as bad as selling one's soul to the devil if not worse. He'd always steered away from it.

Each skeleton, each animated husk raised by a necromancer, carried within it not just death, but dead mana.

It was a forbidden art, not just because raising undead was seen as a major taboo, but also because it used dead mana and could slowly corrupt the necromancer's body, making them inhuman.

Though, most necromancers he had read about knew the side effects and readily accepted it in exchange for a chance to get power and a chance of immortality. If he was right, there would be a few lich lords that would be born around this era.

This also explained why monsters had simply gone towards the village instead of turning into mana fiends. They were running away from the skeletons and the necromancer.

If he was right, the necromancer they were dealing with used human skeletons that were mostly easier to raise as undead. It wasn't to say monsters couldn't be used, but raising them as undead was a hard task.

Only the most skilled necromancers would be able to achieve that and there were only a few like those in the history of the world.

“Normally necromancers are much worse to handle. I’m not sure how big of an army the one we are dealing with has. It can be ten or a hundred,” Kai said as he looked at the guards with a serious expression on his face. His eyes were stern, thinking of strategies moving forward.

“Should we retreat? This is getting too dangerous. If it's a hundred, we won't be able to fight,” Killian asked, his eyes roaming around the forest and looking back at the guards.

Kai shook his head.

“No, we can't afford to retreat now. If we leave the necromancer unchecked, his power will only grow. Eventually, it will become a threat too great for the kingdom to handle alone.”

There was more than one instance of a necromancer taking on a kingdom. Strangely, a lot of them only choose the part because of revenge either against another Mage or nobility.

“So, should we keep up on it?” Killian asked, looking back at the guards who seemed a bit nervous now.

“Let’s move ahead, but if it's more than what we can handle, we will retreat.”

Kai ordered, thinking that it was the best strategy they could opt for now.

They started moving ahead. This time, the sensitivity to the surroundings heightened as they walked.

Kai was careful with every step, and he saw the rest of them following his actions.

Their eyes raked through every visible corner of the forest. Now, where were the damn skeletons hiding?

***

Killian watched Lord Arzan attentively.

He couldn’t help but observe his steps as he took the lead.

He hadn't seen Lord Arzan move out of his room much, not back at the Duke's house and not when he had gotten the title of a Baron. But now, things had changed quickly.

He internally frowned as he remembered how this all happened within a matter of a few days.

Even right before when he was fighting the skeletal necromancer, the way he moved seemed to be with practice and was tactical.

He noticed several times that Lord Arzan always took a step back to analyse the opposing enemy and then would lunge forward with calculated moves forward. By experience, Killian knew that someone with no prior battlefield experience or experience couldn’t do that with so much ease.

But how? How could Lord Arzan learn all of it in no time? He did mention once that he read and learned a few tactics from the books, but it just couldn’t be all. Books wouldn’t teach this much. They just wouldn’t.

“I feel something incoming, be prepared,” Lord Arzan said, his shushed voice filling the air.

The guards looked at each other, but Killian’s eyes shifted from Arzan to focus on the surroundings.

His eyes looked from one tree body to another.

He scrunched his nose up as he tried to smell a similar scent that came from the skeletal body before— dead mana. It smelled like a rotten egg mixed with a corpse. But he didn’t get anything.

As the only sound he could hear was of the moving footsteps of his guards and Arzan’s he was certain that there was no one.

He said, “But there’s nothing-”

A skeleton jumped from the trees to their left.

Its scratchy voice filled the air. This time, it bore a dagger.

The dagger wasn’t a usual one, but one filled with some sort of energy erupting from it.

The dark aura-filled dagger swung in the air, aiming for a guard.

Killian lunged forward and deflected it with his sword. A loud clang resounded and he heard Lord Arzan yell a spell. A gust of wind hit the skeletal monster, making it stumble on its feet.

“There’s more, Killian!” Arzan’s voice came in a hurry. "They look to be Grade 2 undead, Skeleton Warriors."

Killian looked back instinctively.

Three more skeletal figures surrounded them the next second. They had similar daggers on them and looked as threatening as one another.

The guards moved to take their formations to intercept them, already on guard against them while Lord Arzan faced one himself.

The skeleton in front of Arzan thrust forward.

Killian swiftly moved from his position to protect Arzan. He barely deflected the blow, the clang of steel on bone sending shivers down his spine.

The skeleton didn’t even flinch at Killian’s move. It tried to attack further with its dagger, taking steps forward, one after another.

The dagger drew along Killian’s sword.

With that, the rest of the skeletal figures started to attack. Steel swords started clashing against the bones. The skeletons were quick to hurt a few guards.

Killian took a few steps forward and swished with his blade, making it lean back and started aiming for its neck. The skeleton fought back with its dagger.

He gritted his teeth. Each parry, each riposte was fueled with fear gnawing at the edges of his mind.

From the corner of his eyes, he saw Arzan casting spells to protect the guards. For that brief moment, the skeleton drew the dagger across Killian’s forearm.

He hissed in pain.

“Argh!” Killian ignored the pain and charged forward.

His sword made contact with its head first, landing a fast and hard blow. Then with its gut, and finally its knees. It fell to the flow, one leg bent.

Killian took the moment to lash at it with rage as he started attacking with his sword left and right.

A few bones cracked, but it was still standing, the bones healing at a swift pace.

“Lord Arzan!” Killian asked for help, knowing only he could destroy the skeleton in one blow.

He heard Arzan casting the same spell he did for the previous skeleton. Soon, the wave of fire hit the skeleton, making it fall to the floor, and cracking its bones loudly.

Killian physically felt the wave of heat that Arzan sent through.

His eyes lingered at the broken bones for a second, before seeing how the rest of the guards were struggling.

Although Lord Arzan was quick with his spells, he was not able to manage all three skeletons alone.

Killian quickened his feet and started bolting forward, hitting skeletons one after another and protecting the guards.

He heard bones cracking under his sword and his movements encouraged the rest of the guards.

“Duck!” Killian yelled at a guard who was struggling against a skeleton.

The guard ducked immediately and the skeleton looked up ahead, distracted. Killian jumped forward, lunging at it and bringing the weight of his sword down.

As soon as his blow hit its shoulder, it stumbled a few steps behind.

Killian took this moment to grab the dagger from its hand and threw it away.

He attacked its shoulder area and swiftly bent to attack its knees.

As expected, without the dagger, the skeleton was useless, vulnerable to his attacks.

With nothing holding back, he thought no more. He started to attack the same monster, over and over. Finding any bony structure and tearing them to pieces of dust that blended with the air.

Soon, the skull fell on the floor.

Killian panted for a second as a satisfied feeling filled his heart. But his attention was soon distracted by a loud cry that came from a guard.

He turned around to see a guard lying on the floor, bleeding heavily from his rib cage area. On top of the guard, the skeletal figure was dragging his fingers on top of him. Scratching the sides of his face first, and then going lower.

Killian moved to intercept, but a wave of shimmering energy hit the skeleton, wrapping the attacking skeleton in its crimson sheen.

The skeletal figure froze. Next second, another gust of wind hit its neck, removing its head from the body.

The undead fell on the floor as Killian rushed to the guard, seeing blood all around him. Turning him, he saw that the other guards had taken care of the rest of the skeletons.

A few people looked injured, but they were still standing. Except one.

“Lord Arzan,” he said, looking at Arzan who for the first time in a month looked lost for words as he stared down at the heavily bleeding guard who seemed to be taking his last few breaths.



A note from Extra26



Sorry for delay! Am travelling! We close to 2500! Thank you so much! Let's cross 3000 fast! Hope you like the chap. I'm not too sure on the fight scenes, but I hope you all like them.

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





19. Heavy heart


A note from Extra26





The Legendary Mythomancer - An Isekai LitRPG Story



In the span of 24 hours, Melvin Miller goes from a bored office worker to a Legendary Class holder. With the ability to weave tales into powerful Runes and Grand Illusions at his fingertips, he grips his fate in the new world by the throat.



* * *



Dying in a car accident, Melvin's consciousness persists after death. Yet, one thing leads to another, and he suddenly finds himself embroiled in a battle with Godly beings that exist behind Death's reach. Just as his consciousness was about to erased from existence, a black hole swallows him whole.

One interesting encounter with a dark being later, he wakes up in a world where power is quantifiable by Stats, Quests, Titles, Tiers, Ranks, and Classes. A world where Dungeons run rampant, and every living being has access to power.

Waking up in a poisoned body, surrounded by corpses. He must find a way to save himself and uncover who killed the body he inhabits.





“Do you have any health potions?” Kai asked.

“No, we don't.”

Kai crouched on his knees. In front of him, the deeply wounded guard remained unconscious with his head dangling from the side as he kept it on his lap.

He tried to concentrate on the mana that swirled inside his body.

Healing a deeply wounded person was one of the hardest things for any Mages, especially a 1st circle one. Kai wasn't even proficient in many healing spells, but he knew he had to try.

He inhaled.

Keeping his hands on the wounded area, where a lot of blood was coming out, he started pushing his mana out.

It was a 2nd circle spell which would hopefully close the wound, but as soon as he started to build the spell structure, he felt the guard's limbs go cold underneath his touch.

He immediately stopped the spell and started to see if the guard was breathing.

Earlier, he had been twitching from time to time, fighting for his life. Now, he laid still. No movement.

Kai frowned.

A hint of guilt clouded his mind immediately. From the corner of his eyes, he saw Killian crouching down to sit.

“He is dead,” he said aloud for Kai to hear.

Kai simply nodded his head.

His eyes were glued to the lifeless body of the man as something heavy washed over him. He knew what it was and he couldn't run away from it.

He wanted to shrug it off immediately, but he felt bad for what happened. It was more of a sense of responsibility that the man died under his watch.

His death was on him.

Earlier, he had seen death but hadn't been responsible for any men. He had always treated it as the consequence of people's actions. It seems like being a lord has made it different.

“Lord Arzan, do you need a minute or should we head back? I initially assumed they were Grade 1 monsters, but they are stronger. At Grade 2 at least,” Killian said cautiously.

Kai looked at him.

Although Killian felt bad about the situation, there was no sense of remorse in his eyes. He must have seen countless guards dying back in the duchy.

Kai shook his head for what he said.

“No, we can’t go back now,” Kai said. There was no point in going back. Deaths would come, but they had to deal with the necromancer first.

“Are you sure, Lord Arzan?” Killian’s eyes bore into Kai’s back.

“Yes, we will scout out the extent of the army we are dealing with. If it's more than what we can handle, we are going to go back and seal the forest area. Ask help from neighbouring territories,” he said, looking back at him.

He stood up from his crouched position and looked at the other guards. A few of them had minor injuries, but it was nothing big.

They took a break for half an hour, and the guards dragged the body of the dead guard into the grass and marked the location. On the way back, they could pick the body up and give it a proper burial.

With that done, they decided to walk again.

“Let’s move ahead!” Killian commanded the rest of the guards who were quick to get into formations.

Kai started walking ahead, but his thoughts were still clouded by what happened just a while back.

He didn’t know why he felt so responsible for the guard’s death. In his past life, he had seen a lot of deaths, but he hardly felt responsible for any of it, aside from his masters and only a few— less than a handful.

But now, the guilt he felt for a random guard almost ate him up inside. He didn't even know his name properly, but a part of him ached, thinking about how his family and friends were going to react to the news of his death.

“Lord Arzan, you tried your best to save him.” Killian walked from the side and got closer to Kai.

He must have noticed that Kai was in deep thought.

Kai’s frown eased as he heard Killian’s voice.

“I know, we did what we could. The rest of the guards should take care of themselves. The fight ahead won't be easy. Let's focus ahead,” Kai sternly said and continued walking.

Killian simply gave a nod.

Although Kai was still not over the guilt, he shook his head. Being the lord, he needed to act calm and look out for any more skeletons that might be hiding in the trees.

The trees covered with a slight mist of snow started to increase in number as they walked further inside. It was a sign that they were going deeper into the forest.

The trees that were only on the sides were now in the middle of their path.

It was obvious that rarely people came to this side of the forest. Normally, the fear of monsters would not let them approach. It also seemed like the necromancer had used a place deeper into the forest for that reason.

As they walked, Kai suddenly noticed something strange. His vision was getting cloudy and there seemed to be fog all around the troupe.

He hadn't noticed it before, but it appeared out of nowhere and surrounded them.

Looking back, he couldn't see the location where they had come from and he could only see a small range. Even that was diminishing.

Kai stopped and made Killian halt in his steps.

“Stop everyone!” Killian shouted out.

Kai looked around.

“What is this fog, Lord Arzan?”

“It seems to be a spell,” Kai inhaled the mana surrounding them. It was not the usual kind of fog that could cover a forest. It was afternoon and fog wouldn't be present at this point anyway.

“What?”

“Yes, someone is trying to disrupt our vision to separate us… It seems the necromancer knows that we’re coming,” Kai whispered in the last part.

With the thickness of the fog expanding, Kai no longer could see anyone else. Not even Killian who was right next to him.

He quickly started creating a thread of mana.

He formed a simple spell structure in his hand and cast it. Immediately, the cantrip spell bound them to each other with small gaps in between, almost like a rope that they had to hold. It kept them in a formation as Kai started moving forward.

“Don’t lose the rope. If you get lost, I'm pretty sure skeletons will be waiting for you all. The necromancer knows we are coming,” he said out loud. A few guards gulped, but they held onto the rope.

As he took a few steps forward, he noticed some dark spots around them. He halted them in their footsteps and bent down to take a good look at the plants.

The trees that had wrinkled leaves due to the weather were slowly turning black. He extended his palm and grabbed a handful of soil. From how it felt against his hand and the sensation it gave, he knew it was corrupted.

To confirm his assumption, he brought it up to his nose and inhaled deeply.

He wrinkled his nose. The use of dead mana was affecting the surroundings.

“The necromancer is close,” Kai said and started walking in the front.

The fog continued to grow thicker. The surroundings were too silent for Kai’s liking, but it only made him sure that they were getting closer.

Soon enough, the fog started to fade away.

A clearing opened up in front of them and all of them stepped into it. It was a completely different area from the dense forest with tall grass all around them.

“There it is,” Phillips said while staring at the system of caves. The mouth of the openings of the cave yawned open like a gaping maw. The walls were rocky but were rough from all the weather differences it bore for ages.

The hunter’s voice was barely audible, as they all stared at what was beyond the cave.

Through the cave system, it led to a hill—where there were hundreds of skeletons standing.

From the way they had come from, they wouldn't be noticed right away.

A guard gasped at the sight and the others took a step back.

Kai shook his head and kept his finger on his lips, letting the guards know that they shouldn’t make noises. He pointed his finger at the skeletons. The guards briefly nodded.

The skeletons weren't aware of them yet.

He observed the skeletal figures. There were a lot of them, more than 50. The hill was a slanted mountainous area where the skeletons were just standing in line. He saw that they were bearing no weapons.

A few of them bore seals and were enchanted, but most of them didn't. The majority of the skeletons looked to be Grade 1, with a few Grade 2.

They could take a chance against them.

If he was right, the necromancer was strong, but it wasn't one that he wouldn't be able to handle. Although he could be wrong, the enchantments and fog from before meant that it was someone who was versed in support spells and arts rather than pure offensive ones.

Kai was going to give a brief to his guards before moving tactfully, but suddenly, a noise occurred.

He turned to look at a guard who had stepped on a dried stem, making the skeletons turn towards them.

It happened instantly as all the eyes bore on them.

“Fuck! Prepare yourself!” Kai yelled and looked at the guards who took a few steps behind.

Kai’s attention went back to the skeletons.

The hill was quite far away, but he heard how their skeletal teeth moved.

The skeleton that was at the front end of the hill roared and started running down.

It was followed by a few other skeletons who slid down the hill without a care of getting hurt. Kai saw how a few of them went back for something. And during the interval of the first few skeletons sliding down, the rest of them started following them with weapons in their hands.

His heart sank like a stone as he saw the skeletons running towards them and sliding the rocky hill down with ease.

He wasn't worried about the normal skeletons in the front, but the ones in the back were skeleton warriors, Grade 2 undead equipped with weapons. It was going to be a pain to deal with all of them.

Within seconds, a few skeletons lunged forward. They were weaponless and, therefore held their hands high in the air, jumping to attack.

“Defend yourself!” Killian yelled loudly and started rushing forward. “Get into formations!”

His sword was met with the bony hands of the skeleton as he put all his strength into the spear, pushing the skeleton away from him. He succeeded as the skeleton stumbled a few steps back and then hit it with the slanted side.

Kai scanned the rest of the field.

Their manpower was far less compared to the army of skeletons who continued to charge at them.

Kai looked back and forth between the skeletons, trying to make patterns of their attacks. If they were similar to the previous skeletons, then he knew what he could do.

As a skeletal figure sprung forward, Kai drew a structure in his hand and cast a [Fire Bolt] spell towards it.

It was an easy spell but strong enough to strike through the skeleton’s bones, just like the goblins before. The crimson energy pierced through as its bones splattered.

A few skulls turned to look at what happened.

One skeleton made a scratchy noise and extended its bony hand towards Kai.

Kai didn’t understand the noises they made, but he simply assumed it was something like “Don't let him move!”.

He quickly cast a [Blinding] spell, as the spell structure lit up with mana, making the skeletons who ran towards him take a step back in agony.

With limited mana and the number of skeletons, there were only a few ways he could take on the battle. So, he simply decided to stay back and help out the guards from the back.

It was the best strategy since he didn't have enough mana to take on all the skeletons.

He started throwing [Fire Bolt] at every skeleton that got close to him or any guards that seemed to be in trouble.

The tall grass around the battlefield gave him an idea as he chanted an incantation.

“[Astrum Langotra]!”

It was a two-word incantation for a 2nd circle spell called [Circle of Flames].

A roaring fire crackled out of his palms as the spell structure sprung to life. A searing tail of flames surrounded the skeletons that were trying to gang up on the guards and the tall grass around the clearing simply helped spread it.

“Get back from the flames!” Killian yelled as the guards backed up.

The sounds of skeletons crying out occurred as the flames engulfed them. The guards smiled in delight, but the next second, Kai felt the grass rustle in front of him.

One of the skeletons sprung forward with a massive axe dangling in the air.

Kai rolled on the ground and looked up at him to the flaming eyes staring at him with rage.

It charged up ahead, but Kai rolled before hitting it with a fire bolt. It stumbled back and it gave the opportunity to Feroy to charge at it with a spear, taking it head-on.

Kai nodded at him before pushing bolts of fire one after another at every skeleton that came across him.

A lot of times, he made sure the guards had ample time to attack since unlike Killian, they were rather weak and susceptible to the skeleton warriors' attack.

The battle continued like that.

The area was wide enough for Kai to move a lot and he kept jumping around, hitting the skeletons with bolts as Killian and Feroy handled the frontlines.

Even Palman defended with Phillips and a few others, taking on a bunch of skeleton warriors.

Soon, their numbers dwindled as the skeleton warriors fell and the normal ones never stood a chance. They took a few hits too as a few guards got injured, but they kept on fighting.

Kai had no time to worry about the injured on the battlefield and he kept on firing his spells, controlling his flames to dictate the battlefield.

When the last few skeletons were left, Kai looked around and frowned.

The battle was going on nicely, but there were no signs of the necromancer. Just as he was thinking where it could be, a loud shout echoed from the caves.

“Is that-” Kai paused his words as a skeleton dashed forward from inside of it, heading straight towards Killian who was busy in a skirmish with a sword in its hands.



A note from Extra26



Hello, everyone, we have crossed 2700! I have also been looking at your suggestions and I'm extremely grateful to you all. Please keep supporting this novel!

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





20. Swirling Mists


A note from Extra26





Eclipse: Quantum Demon [Reincarnation, Progression, Loop Regression]



Reincarnated as a Quantum Demon:

Max's quantum powers were sealed by an unbreakable curse after she discovered the gods and her world are not what they seem. But Max refuses to accept defeat. When the gods help her enemies capture her village, Max escapes to the Mountain of the Gods, where she must make the treacherous journey to her old home. There she plans to not simply reclaim her power, but to steal her world back from the gods' greedy clutches.





Killian moved forward and swung his sword to the left, hitting the skull of a skeleton and slamming it down on the ground.

His eyes shifted over to where the noise came from momentarily.

"Watch out!" Kai shouted from behind Killian.

Another skeleton emerged from the caves and sprung forward attacking Killian.

“Argh!” Killian cried out as the skeleton brutally attacked. He barely managed to block its sword with his own.

The skeleton's hollow voice came out as it tried to overpower Killian, but he held his ground. Unlike the rest of the skeletons, its eyes shone brightly and it had seals around its back and arms.

It slid back before attacking Killian in a wide arc. Killian immediately dodged by rolling on the ground, hitting its leg.

Both kept at it as Killian used his strength to defend against the powered-up skeleton.

“Lord Arzan, I will handle it. You go and help the others,” Killian shouted out as he hit the skeleton's skull with the back of his sword, making it stumble back.

“Okay!”

Knowing that Killian could handle the skeleton, Kai shifted his attention to find the necromancer's location.

His eyes wandered around the cave openings.

Which one could it be?

He knew it must be hiding in one, but where? Before he could pinpoint it, a guard cried out from behind him.

He turned around to see the figures of the skeletons hovering over a single guard. The skeletons wielded flails in their hands.

Quickly, he drew a structure to do a [Gust] spell. A rush of wind blew from both of his hands and hit the skeletons in a wide arc.

A few of them flew into the air, hitting wilted tree trunks. He finished the rest off with fiery bolts as the flames engulfed them. The skeletons let a hollow moan in pain, before falling on the ground.

He felt a wave of exhaustion hit him since he didn't have that large pool of mana to keep draining, but, he ignored it, knowing the battle was far from over.

“Lord Arzan, t-thank you!”

His attention was pulled back due to a guard who looked like he had already given up on surviving as he bowed.

Kai nodded back and focused on his surroundings.

Another loud shout came from one of the caves. This time, it sounded clearer and louder.

Kai prepared for yet another skeleton to pop out. His eyes squinted as he tried to look inside the dark caves. But he could only see thick blackness.

The next second, something emerged. It wasn't a skeleton like Kai had initially assumed.

“Lord Arzan, that's…” Killian said after sundering down the skull of an empowered skeleton that he had been fighting.

His eyes were glued to the figure that emerged out of the caves. Kai couldn't reply as his eyes were fixed on the same figure.

Tendrils of smoke curled around a man's silhouette. His face was obscured by the hood of the cloak, therefore it was hard to make out his features. Yet, Kai could see hints of pale skin and sunken eyes gleaming faintly at him.

The air thickened with a smell—a peculiar blend of ancient soil, decay and corpses, like the musty odour of long-forgotten tombs mixed with freshly turned soil.

In his hand, he held a staff made of wood. Dark, wild energy was radiating from it as he started walking forward.

With each step, the staff tapped against the ground.

He stopped halfway and stood to look at the remaining skeletal soldiers who were fighting with the guards.

The dark energy started swirling around the staff as he continued to say inaudible things. The energy in their hands continued to grow as their aura started emanating visibly.

The mana around him moved towards the skeletons as the glistening flames in their eyes grew.

Kai realised what was happening.

The necromancer was casting a spell to power up the remaining skeletons.

The skeletons who had been struggling with the guards suddenly gained strength and moved with fervour.

“They’re moving faster!” Palman yelled with a rising tone of panic in his voice, while fighting against a skeletal warrior.

He was gripping the sword with both of his hands, trying to hit the skeleton who swiftly dodged every strike. It swung its axe in the air and hit his sword with a loud metallic noise. Palman stumbled back as his sword fell on the ground.

Effortlessly, the skeleton started taking steps towards him, hoping to finish him off.

Palman rolled on the ground and dodged a hit before moving towards his sword, but he wasn't fast enough. Another attack came his way, making him stumble back as the axe dug into the ground.

Kai’s eyebrows raised in alert, watching all that.

The quick rush of adrenaline that coursed through his veins quickened his pace, propelling him forward on his feet. He ran towards Palman, picked up the sword that was on the floor and went behind the skeleton, attacking it on its lower back. In a split second, he hit the same spot once more.

The skeleton turned back. The fire in its eyes crackled, this time, Kai could swear he felt the heat that came from them.

“Palman, move back!”

He said as the skeleton moved its axe to strike his neck. Sliding back to dodge the attack, he cast a [Fire Bolt].

A bolt of fire emerged out of his palms, attempting to pierce through the skeletal figure. It hit its upper shoulder and left a darkened mark there, but the skeleton kept standing, grinning at Kai.

He frowned.

A simple bolt of fire couldn’t kill the skeleton like he was able to before. The seals on its back shone with a glint as it moved to swing the axe.

He took a few steps back and started drawing the structure of a 2nd circle spell called [Inferno]. He knew the power-up the skeleton had received was temporary, but he needed to finish it soon.

The spell would take twice the mana he needed to cast a bolt of fire, but he had to try.

As soon as the last lines of the structure were completed, he pushed mana and cast the spell.

“[Astrum Inferno!]”

With the incantation, he extended his palm towards the skeleton who looked up in surprise as a medium-sized ball of inferno pierced through the air and hit its skull with a loud noise.

The skeleton used its axe to block it, but it charred the bones as the skeleton cried out.

It worked.

Kai saw the skeleton bursting into flames as soon as the inferno hit it. The flames spread to the grass around it as the whole area began to burn.

Without a pause, he lifted his hand again and cast the same spell, hitting two other skeletons who were squaring off with a few guards.

They both got hit by the flames and ended up dead. Or whatever was possible for an undead.

“There are only a few skeletons left! Stall for time and wait for them to make a mistake. Follow Killian's lead!”

He shouted out as a skeletal figure fell on his feet.

The skull was disconnected from its body as it struggled to stand up. Its bony hands continued to hit on the hardened floor.

He looked back and saw Killian fighting the skeletal figures. It was he who had sent a skeleton flying through the air without its skull in contact.

Good strategy. Kai thought and looked at him.

Killian could manage without him for a while, Kai decided.

He threw a bolt of fire at the skeleton struggling in front of his feet, ending it.

“Foolish child,” The necromancer’s cackle echoed from an unseen corner. It was not standing in front of the caves anymore. “You shouldn't have come here to disturb me.”

Kai looked everywhere for the location of the voice before he turned towards his right and saw the necromancer standing with his staff. He could properly see the necromancer now.

Seems like I finally got his attention!

The necromancer’s eyes flickered at Kai and he grinned mockingly. Then, he took a step towards Kai.

His lips broadened, smiling for an unknown reason.

“You are going to die here!” the necromancer yelled as Kai launched a [Fire Bolt] up at him.

A transparent shield blocked the spell and two skeletons moved to intercept Kai.

He dodged an axe cleaving through the air and kicked the skeleton's leg before using another bolt at it.

It hit it right in the face, taking its skull. The second one moved with a sword, but Kai was already used to their movements.

A few more bolts were enough for it too.

Once they were done, he looked up at the necromancer who clicked his tongue.

Kai charged towards it, preparing another spell, but the necromancer tapped his staff against the ground and Kai was brought to a dead stop.

A grim mist immediately swirled in the surrounding area. It was the same spell the necromancer had used to disrupt them when they had been moving to the caves.

The mist clawed at Kai’s vision, swallowing the battlefield as a whole.

A subtle panic filled his chest, but he quelled it.

He couldn’t see or hear anything, so he stayed still on his feet.

It seemed like a 2nd circle spell going by the effectiveness by which the necromancer had cast it, and the strength he had displayed till now.

Blindness. Deafness. Kai was in the middle of them. He could sense movements around him, and his instincts said that the necromancer could attack from anywhere.

From his right, a fist of nothingness came intact with his face as he stumbled back.

The hell?

Another punch came from the opposite side, but he bent down, avoiding the attack.

“When I’m done with you, you will be a good slave. I do not doubt that your strength will be put to good use!”

With each word, the necromancer somehow managed to throw a blow in his way. Kai ducked all those blows, but a few still managed to hit as he tried his best to find out where the necromancer was.

The necromancer using his fists was strange, but it confirmed a few things for him. Either he didn't have a lot of mana left or he didn't know enough offensive spells.

Either way, it was a bad situation for Kai.

Where is he going to come from again? I need to think and do something.

With the mist around, the amount of spells that might work was low and he had maybe enough mana for one spell. Two, if he pushed out every little bit of it.

Still, he had to figure out a spell that might work in this situation. Thinking through the vast arrays of spells he had collected over decades, he decided on one that might truly help him out — A measly 1st circle spell.

He immediately pushed the last bits of mana from his heart to form a spell structure. Each line was developed hastily as he looked around for the necromancer to attack again.

The eerie fog continued to swirl around him, as he felt the movements of necromancers behind him and barely dodged a punch.

One more line.

Kai formed another line on his spell structure as he rolled on the ground, slowly powering it up in his hands. What was left for him to do was to cast the spell before another punch hit him.

“[Vethra Luminas]”

He muttered the incantation as his hands shone, powering up the spell with words of power as something moved behind him.

He turned back just in time and felt a punch right in his face, but managed to touch the necromancer's hand before he faded away in the mist.

Kai scrunched his back as his legs shook from the mana drain he was feeling, but he managed to stand as a smile formed on his lips.

He took a breath and looked at the mist around it. Before, he sensed nothing, but now he felt something moving in the back of his mind.

His mark was working as expected and the necromancer seemed to be moving towards him to strike at him again.

Kai blinked his eyes and prepared for him to appear right in front of him and looked towards his left just as the necromancer prepared to punch him.

He dodged the punch swiftly this time and kicked at the necromancer who stumbled on the ground.

The next second, Kai grunted as he punched him again, pushing him down to the ground.

The necromancers' magic faltered as the spell structure holding the mist together broke.

A shriek, raw and primal ripped through the silence as a dark aura surrounded the necromancer suddenly, making Kai take a step back.

In front of his eyes, he saw the necromancer shift his flesh as his skin blackened and his eyes bulged. Part of his face seemed to resemble an undead suddenly, closely resembling the weaver.

Kai realised it was transforming into one of the first stages of being a lich and his mind turned to think of a way to stop it.

Deciding, that there was only one way, he inhaled and cast a strike of wind, taking mana out from his life force to power up the spell structure.

“[Wind Spear]!”

Kai’s hand flew in the air, aiming at the morphing creature. The wind shaped like a spear flew in the air. Sharp and straight, it headed for the necromancer, cutting his head off the body from the neck.

The visceral cries stopped immediately.

Kai took a moment to see that the creature the necromancer had morphed into actually died. It didn’t move an inch, therefore he took a sigh of relief before looking around.

The skeletons were all dead and the guards and Killian were looking at him. They had taken care of them, but he could see a lot of dead bodies on the ground.

Kai sighed before he sprawled on the floor, exhausted and out of mana.

***

The guards’ bodies lay on the ground lifelessly. Kai’s frown deepened as he continued to look at the dried blood on the grass.

It had been three hours since the fight ended and he had barely kept himself going.

He felt a weight on his shoulders and his mana was just enough for him to not pass out.

If he could, he wanted nothing more than to rest, but there were more important matters to deal with.

“What are we going to do with them?” Killian asked, looking at the corpses.

“We will take them to the city and give them a proper funeral. We can’t just leave them here,” he said and looked at Killian.

Killian nodded, gritting his teeth and looking back to the caves.

“We haven't found anyone who disappeared around these parts. We have checked the surroundings and only the caves are left,” he said, his eyes shifting back to Kai. “They are probably there since the necromancer was using it as a dwelling.”

“Let’s head inside then.”



A note from Extra26



Hello, everyone, we have crossed 3000! I have also been looking at your suggestions and I'm extremely grateful to you all. Please keep supporting this novel! Sorry I'm travelling these days. That's why missed yesterday.

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





21. Necromancer dwelling


A note from Extra26



Go read Melas Delta new novel! Now out on RR.

https://www.royalroad.com/fiction/82350/kara-a-weak-to-strong-isekai-litrpg





The caves yawned open before the group. There were only half of them left after all the battles they fought since coming from the city.

A few of them were left outside to rest and tend to their wounds while three guards, including Feroy and the hunter Phillips, followed Kai and Killian.

Standing before the cave, Kai looked at the darkness that escaped from it. It seemed to swallow all the light from outside.

Giving a nod to the others, he took the lead and walked cautiously.

Right when they stepped inside the cave, their footsteps echoed softly against the cold stone floor. The dim light that came from the opening of the cave cast shadows on the cave walls.

They walked inside, slowly but steadily.

“It’s so dark, we can’t see anything beyond this point,” one of the guards said.

“Take out the torches,” Killian ordered and one of the guards held a torch in his hand and passed it to him.

As soon as the area lit up, they were met with skeleton remains of what looked like rabbits. Kai guessed the necromancer might have killed them to eat.

The empty sockets of the rabbits caught his eye, seeming to stare accusingly at the intruders.

Killian grimaced seeing the skeletons. His grip tightened on the hilt of his sword. “Looks like our necromancer friend had a taste for rabbit stew,” he muttered, his voice barely above a whisper.

Kai nodded in agreement and ignored the remains.

He started moving forward. The torchlight showed the narrow passages before them.

The cave seemed like it had been used frequently. The smell— it was extremely similar to what the necromancer smelled like. Clotted blood, and a mix of wet mud.

As they ventured forward, the cave seemed empty. Apart from a few animal bones here and there, the rest was vacant. The further ahead they moved, the air seemed to get chilly.

Kai continued to move the torch and check if there were any signs of the lost people. Or other belongings.

He found nothing.

Finally, they reached the end of the cavern, only to find a dead end.

It was a small room with a mat laid out on the side that the necromancer must have used to sleep. There were a few boxes around and a table. He could also see cauldrons and pots that he might have used to make food and potions.

Opening up the boxes, the guards found nothing other than a few books and there were no signs of any prisoners.

Kai furrowed his brow in frustration. His mind raced as his eyes raked around, taking note of every corner of the cave.

“There must be something we’re missing,” he murmured. His voice tinged with uncertainty.

“Do you think he killed off the prisoners and made them undead?” Killian asked, looking through the books the guards had taken out.

“Maybe, but we can't be sure. We should still find their clothes or any belongings if he killed and made them undead,” he said, feeling like he was missing something. “Phillips, how big are the caves?”

“I have never stepped foot inside, so it's hard to say, but they are long and interconnected with each other. The hunters that have entered here said there are several rooms inside where bears and other monsters used to live. The necromancer probably killed them off or they left for the dungeon during winter.”

He nodded, taking another look at the walls and deciding to check more. Turning to the guards, Kai issued a command.

“Search the area,” he instructed, his tone firm and authoritative. “Look for any signs of a hidden passage or a concealed doorway. There has to be a way forward.”

The guards immediately went searching, searching the walls and the floor.

Their hands placed on the solid rock, each pressing the cave harder trying to find something.

Both Kai and Killian started searching the surroundings themselves, looking over the boxes and under the mat.

Finding nothing, his fingers started tracing the wall, attempting to scour every inch for any indication of a secret entrance.

Minutes stretched like that and suddenly, Feroy groaned.

“I think I feel something,” he said, taking everyone's attention. “There's a crack on the wall here!”

Turning to look at him, Kai saw his hands pressed on the wall on the side. He had his eyes squinted, trying to look at the other side.

Looking closely, Feroy discovered a small indentation, similar to the rest of the wall and the shimmer was visible.

He pressed his hand on it.

With a low rumble, the wall slid aside, revealing a passage that had remained hidden from the view.

“Wow!” Feroy gulped, looking back to the rest.

Kai patted his shoulders, “Good job.”

He looked back and others and gestured to them to follow him before taking the lead, using the torch to make sure there weren't any traps around.

The rest of them silently followed Kai.

The whole passage seemed to lead to another small room and it didn't take them a long time to get to the end of it. Unlike the last room, this one was spacious and had torches put on the walls.

As they entered, they saw people inside the room. Their footsteps seemed to make them aware and noticing that it wasn't the necromancer, a few of them groaned.

“Please save u-us!” one of them said aloud. It was an old woman whose voice was weary and shaky.

The sight sent a shiver down Kai’s spine. There were at least six people in the room who were tied with metallic, rusted chains around their bodies.

“Don’t get closer to them yet,” Kai ordered, looking at the guards. “Phillips.”

Phillips walked forward from behind and looked at the small group of people.

“Do you recognize your friend here?” he asked, still eyeing the people who had bruises on their faces and were squirming for someone to save them.

Phillips eyed the prisoners before his eyes widened. “Zanma! There he is, Lord Arzan… These four are from our village too,” he said, pointing to four more people. “They were the ones who were reported as missing, and for the others… I don’t know, I have no idea.” Philip pointed at a few people in the back before his eyes stared back at Zanma who was lying on the floor.

Kai nodded. He took a good look at the son of the old woman from the village. He crouched, eyeing him carefully.

Kai noticed how the skin on his face was peeling. Apart from it, parts of his face were blackening, and so was his neck. It resembled a fading injury, but he was corrupted.

The people who sat behind Zanma started to break into sobs as they saw the guards, probably thinking that help was finally here. He gave a quick over and saw similar injuries on their faces.

“Thank you,” one of them said, tears welling up in his eyes.

Kai just nodded and inspected them.

This time, the corruption was different. It wasn’t similar to Palman who had come in contact with dead mana and turned into a weaver.

The signs were completely different and he had seen it before.

Their skin was peeling and cracking from the corruption that the necromancer had inserted in them. He had been giving them small dosages and probably trying to see how they react to it without letting it turn them into weavers.

They have been experimented on and tortured!

He looked in between the individuals. They were all the same. The smell of dead mana in the air proved his point. He could still heal them if he regained his mana, but they were going to suffer from after-effects for a long time.

“T-there…” Zanma said and twisted his head to look behind.

Kai looked where he pointed and saw people sprawled on the floor. A guard walked to take a look and turned to face him with a frown.

“They are dead,” he said.

“Take a look around and help free the ones that are still alive,” he ordered. The smell was getting stronger with every breath he took and he didn't want to stay in the room for long.

“Will they be able to heal?” Killian asked, looking at Zanma.

“I will be able to help them once I recover my mana,” Kai said and stood up. “Just hold on for a little longer.” He stared at the old woman.

The guards worked to break the chains. They were just metallic chains and were easy to break with a sword. Once they were free, all of them thanked Kai and the guards.

“Take them outside.”

The guards obeyed his commands and started carrying the people one after another outside.

Kai took one last look around the room and halted as he saw a woman who was on the floor, lying.

He first thought she was dead too, but her hands were twitching and she was reacting to the noises the guards were making.

He bent on one knee and looked at her.

There were bruises on her arms and she seemed to have been badly beaten. Her skin was pale, but it was not peeling like the others. There were no traces of dead mana on her face and neck.

There were darkened areas on the faces of other people which showed corruption, though in this woman, the only signs were bruises. She just seemed to be not cared for and malnourished.

Kai took a good look at her appearance.

Her hair was white, but she didn't seem older than 20. She was extremely thin and was wearing a cloth that barely covered her and through her fluttering eyes, he saw a golden iris that he had never seen before.

Around her eyes, eye bags were prominent. She was partially conscious, shaking. Her lips were crusty due to the lack of water given to her.

This is just strange.

If she was in the same room as the rest of them, for weeks— or even more? How come she showed not even a single strand of corruption?

Kai’s eyebrows knitted and lips pursed.

Even if she avoided the corruption somehow, why hadn’t the necromancer experimented on her?

“Phillip, come here,” Kai said loudly.

His voice echoed through the walls.

Soon, the man came running. He was helping the guards to carry the people outside. Few could walk even with their limp form while others needed to be carried on a stretcher.

“Do you know her?” Kai asked.

Phillip shook his head immediately.

“I’ve never seen her around the village.”

Kai’s frown deepened. “Are you sure?”

“Yes, Lord Arzan. I grew up in the village, and the community is tight. So, she… is not from our village or the neighbouring ones. If she was, I would know since white hair isn't common around these parts.” he said.

“Okay, hand me the water,” Kai motioned to the small bag of belongings Phillips had.

Kai retrieved the flask of water, its contents sloshing softly within.

Gently, he lifted the woman's head, carefully tilting the flask to allow a trickle of water to flow into her parched lips. She stirred slightly, the cool liquid pouring from the sides of her lips.

Her eyes fluttered more. She finally looked at Kai clearly and opened her mouth to say something. Nothing came out.

“It’s okay, drink this,” Kai said and poured some more.

The woman slowly sipped from the flask.

Once satisfied that she had enough to drink, Kai looked at Phillips. "Help me," he instructed.

Together, they lifted the woman's limp form, cradling her gently in their arms. As she was unconscious, they had to carry her outside.

***

As soon as they stepped outside into the forest, they were hit with the chilly wind.

Kai had ordered them to move out after making sure that there was no one left behind in the cave. It wouldn’t have been safe for them to stay inside the cave, even though the necromancer wasn’t alive anymore.

They’d also made sure to take all the belongings from the necromancer and carry them with them.

It was already night and he didn't want to stay around the caves. Although they might be able to camp, he wanted the prisoners to get good rest.

So, after a brief talk, they’d decided to head back. Since it wasn't possible to carry all the dead bodies back with them, he’d laid them on the ground and ordered Killian to bring them back with the carriage tomorrow.

Now, with the prisoners, they started to walk back. Kai's eyes roamed around the forest, taking in the evening beauty of the forest.

He and Killian walked in the front alongside Phillips who led them all. The guards were in the back with the prisoners who were barely keeping up with them, but unlike before, they had hope in their eyes that they would be fine.

A few of the guards limped due to injuries in their legs and due to that, the hike went on at a slower pace.

“Also, Lord Arzan,” Killian whispered as they left the premises of the clearing. “When we reach back, I’ll see if the necromancer had any bounties on him. Since he had such a strong army, he must have a presence elsewhere too.”

Kai nodded once again. “Yeah, you might be right. Let me know whatever it is that you find.”

The silence approached them as they continued to walk through the trees. The moon was already up in the night sky and everyone kept an eye around for any monsters that might be roaming.

Kai continued to look around for the same before his eyes landed on something.

Wait, are those-

“Stop, everyone!” Kai’s loud voice halted Killian on his feet. The guards followed his action and looked at Kai. “Do you see those herbs? The ones with the four leaves and yellow stem? Pick as much as you can to take back,” he said and pointed to the floor.

The big trees were already withered due to the coldness, but on the floor, along with the herbs he showed, there were a few other plants that seemed to absorb all the nutrients on the ground and grow themselves despite the weather.

Without wasting another second, the two guards immediately got to work.

“Uh, those seem pretty useless to me. They’re everywhere, is it necessary?” Killian asked, looking at Kai curiously.

“Yes, it’s necessary. Just do as I say,” Kai said and looked at the guards.

Killian didn’t object to that, fully knowing that he always had his reasons to do something. After the battle with the necromancer and the goblins, he seemed to look at Kai with a different glint in his eyes.

Soon, the guards cleared the herbs in the area and stuffed them up in their carriers.

“We should reach the village in an hour,” Phillips said, keeping up the pace.

All of them kept walking, taking short breaks from time to time to check up on the prisoners. They were exhausted from the battle, but with Hagmons Keep so close by, they managed to keep up.

Finally, after hours, Killian saw light coming from a distance, “I see the village!”



A note from Extra26



Hello, everyone, we have crossed 3500! I have also been looking at your suggestions and I'm extremely grateful to you all. Please keep supporting this novel! Sorry I'm travelling these days and got heavily sick. Just getting back to work. I will tell you the new schedule for the novel soon since the RS run is coming to an end. Don't worry there will be good amount of chaps weekly.

As for your suggestions in last chap, I will try to work on them. Thank you so much! Next few arcs are more kingdom building oriented. Hope you like it.

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





22. A long walk


A note from Extra26





My Magus Academy is Run by Players?! [Western Cultivation LitRPG]



“Do you want to know what it feels like to have players at your beck and call?”

Victor Asteriscus suddenly gains the System to summon players from his old world to help him embark on a quest to develop the academy, complete various missions, and harness the power of magic. Let them kill magical beasts so that he can be promoted further? That’s too simple!

With an army of fearless, immortal players and a sassy assistant fairy under him, what’s there to fear in this world full of endless dangers and mysteries?

Come join Victor in building the greatest academy the world has ever seen and conquer the entire universe!



* * *



What to expect:

Smart, calculative MC

Academy Building

Western Cultivation

Magitech

Oh, did I say players exploitation yet?





Here's mine





The guards who were carrying the injured and corrupted villagers started to unload the weight off their arms and place the people on the floor as they arrived at the village.

The guards were tired from the battle and although they could walk, they still needed rest to recover. The same was true for the prisoners who had limped their way back.

Kai saw Phillips untangling his arm off Zanma’s shoulders and looking at his face. He looked too thin and he doubted the necromancer was feeding them beyond the minimum amount to keep them alive.

They needed to feed them first and Kai himself felt hungry. He turned back towards Killian, “Killian, we need to talk to Alden for lodging ton—”

Before Kai could finish talking, he heard footsteps and saw Zanma's mother running towards them.

She was closely followed by the rest of the village, including Alden and the guards he had left behind. They looked better now with bandages around their arms and legs.

It seemed like someone had seen them coming from the palisade and informed them.

“Lord Arzan, are you okay?” Alden asked, looking at the wounded guards before his eyes fell on the villagers who had disappeared. Their eyes widened in what Kai assumed to be shock.

The old woman looked in between the injured people, searching and finally met with a familiar pair of eyes.

“Zanma!” Her weary voice was loud enough to make Zanma look up.

He was touching his leg where the chain was tightened before. Seeing her mother, he stood up and walked towards her.

“Ma, I thought I would never see you again,” he said, breaking into a sob and pushing his hands on her shoulders.

“I knew you were alive!” She hugged Zanma for over a minute and everyone gave them space.

As soon as her hands broke free, she looked at him closely. Her eyes examined him from head to toe, trying to take every detail in. “What did the monsters do to you? Your face…’’

She looked at the blackened spots and the marks that chains had left behind. Kai sighed seeing his mother trying to touch the peeled skin.

Turning back towards Kai, she asked, “Lord Arzan, what happened to him?” Her voice layered thick with concern for her son.

“It was a necromancer we were going against. He mostly dealt with corrupted mana. I assume that he was trying to do experiments, and Zanma and the others were his victims. The loud cries you were all hearing were probably from them getting tortured.”

The woman frowned deeply. She closed her mouth, unable to express how bad she felt. Alden and the others were the same, looking horrified to find out that something like that was going on in the Vasper forest.

While they were talking, a few others picked up the prisoners, being friends and family. No one came for the white-haired girl and she simply sat on the ground, exhausted.

“Lord Arzan, will he be o-okay?” She asked, looking at him, her voice quivering.

Kai nodded. “Don’t worry. I will be able to help him and the others soon. I just need some time to recover my mana ”

The woman looked at Kai with reverence and held her son's hands. “He will be okay,” she whispered. “Please, do whatever you can. I'll do anything to save him.”

“I will be okay, mother. Don’t worry. You should get some rest. I need some rest too,” Zanma finally said. He looked at Kai and mouthed a ‘thank you’.

Kai left the prisoners to talk to their families and turned towards Alden who seemed to be waiting for him to talk.

“Alden, for now, I need a favour. The captives need to be kept away from the villagers. The corruption could easily spread. Although it's okay for a while, common people shouldn't come in close contact with corruption for prolonged hours. The guards, including me, need to stay here for the night to recover too. We lost more than a few people and the battle wasn't easy. Will it be arrangeable?” he asked, looking at the village chief who was staring straight at him.

Alden immediately nodded his head.

“Yes, I will make the arrangements.”

“I can start to heal them tomorrow. Just make sure the guards and the prisoners get enough rest.”

Alden walked away to arrange the lodgings after that and Kai turned towards Killian.

“We can move the dead bodies tomorrow morning. For now, let's rest.”

“Yeah, the guards need it.”

He looked back at the guards who were talking among themselves. They seemed to be discussing the day’s events.

After ten minutes, Alden returned. “Lord Arzan, the place is ready, please come this way,” he said and started leading the way.

“Everyone, we’ll be staying here tonight! They’ve arranged a place for us! Let’s get going,” Killian shouted, gaining the attention of all the guards.

The guards whom Kai had left in the village before started helping the captives and the injured guards to walk. A few villagers also helped them.

Kai shifted his attention back to the village as they walked.

He could see the village in a broken state, but the villagers had tried to put things back in place. The ruined roofs were put back together or replaced by makeshift ones.

The corpses of the goblins were removed and the streets looked cleaned up.

The lingering scent of burnt wood and flesh was still in the air, but it didn't bother him anymore.

“The villagers worked hard to get things into place after you were gone,” Alden said, noticing how Kai was observing the surroundings.

“Yeah, I hope the guards were of help. Also, we need food for the night, Alden. The captives didn't look like they had a proper meal in weeks. The guards are hungry too, including me.”

“I’ll arrange that and send it to your room. Let me show you the place first,” Alden said and walked down a small narrow street before they saw houses lined up. “It used to be an inn, but it's not been functional for a year. I talked to the owner and you can use it for as long as you like.”

They stopped in front of a stone house which was lit up with a fireplace from inside. It seemed big enough for all the guards and himself.

“Thank you, this would be enough.”

All of them made their way inside and a few guards sat down on the chairs laid out while the others walked towards the hearth.

“There are enough rooms for all of you. I have prepared one specifically for you and Knight Killian,” Alden said before leading him towards the first floor.

The rooms weren't big, but the bed was good enough for him to rest without any back pain. Kai wasn't one to complain about it since unlike the guards, he didn't have to share his room with anyone.

After thanking Alden and distributing the rooms among the guards, Kai decided to finally rest.

He sighed and walked inside.

The exhaustion from the day had finally caught up to him as he sprawled on the bed, wanting to sleep, but he knew he needed to work on restoring his mana and eat something before sleeping.

Therefore, he sat in the corner area that had a window opened to let the ambient mana come into the room.

Taking a breath, he crossed his legs and started focusing on restoring his body and replenishing his mana.

He inhaled the mana and moved it inside his Mana Heart in a circle before moving to every corner of his body. He felt a warm feeling as he continued to do so.

With each breath, he felt the familiar surge of energy coursing through him, his muscles tightening as strength returned to his weary limbs.

While circling his mana, the memories of the necromancer and the recent events flooded his mind.

He closed his eyes to concentrate.

The images of the necromancer’s sinister presence still danced behind his eyelids. Maybe it was because of how tired he was. Or maybe the events had gone to his subconscious mind— he could still hear the necromancer’s voice.

Kai let the feeling hang over him for quite some time. The only way to get over it was to go through it. He knew it by heart.

His jaw tightened as he remembered how the guards had died. His hands formed into fists as the images of the battle passed through.

In all honesty, the necromancer was weak and only knew how to raise the undead and hide behind his fog. He was clearly not experienced with battles and had even tried to go through a lich transformation which had been his last futile attempt.

With better planning, fewer guards would have died and their deaths wouldn't be on his conscience.

He should have been more vigilant, and more prepared. He should have taken better measures.

With the raging thoughts, he let the mana flow through him.

Within minutes, he worked to heal the bruises on his face and regained enough mana to feel a bit better.

I could still do more.

He thought to himself and started meditating more. He couldn’t feel the time pass as his focus intensified inside his body. Suddenly, a knock on the door disturbed him.

He opened his eyes. “Come in.”

The door opened and Killian walked in. After closing the door, he stared at him like he wanted to say something.

Kai waited for him to talk and Killian finally asked, “Lord Arzan, do you mind taking a walk?

***

It was late at night and the guards seemed to be all in their room. A few were resting while others were mourning for their comrades' death.

It hadn't been easy on them.

Both Kai and Killian walked with a heavy silence in between them. The streets were empty and all the villagers were in their homes, probably discussing the things that had happened today.

Killian's voice broke the quietude, looking at him. “Lord Arzan, I saw your expressions earlier when the battle ended. I believe you have things on your mind. I know it was your first battle, so if you have things to talk about, I would like to hear them.”

It was not his first battle, but Killian didn't know that. Still, he had hit the mark with some of his words.

"I can't help but feel responsible for the deaths that happened on my watch," Kai confessed, his gaze fixed on the ground beneath his feet. "I should have been more vigilant, more prepared." He spoke his mind.

Killian cast a sidelong glance at him. "Lord Arzan, you did everything you could," he reassured, his tone gentle but firm. "Your strength is commendable. It saved lives today, including mine."

"But people still died," he murmured, a note of anguish creeping into his voice.

Kai sighed, the burden of guilt still weighing heavily on his shoulders. He wasn’t someone in his previous life who lingered over a few guards’ deaths. He had fought countless battles where a lot of lives were lost.

This was different.

He wondered if it was simply a part of Arzan who had stayed behind in the subconscious of his mind. Or he actually was becoming more of a lord.

Killian spoke before another silence could linger, “As I said, Lord Arzan… You saved lives. For the people who died— we can’t bring them back. Every battle has casualties.” He paused. A faint smile tugged at the corner of his lips. “You know, knights have a saying,” he continued. “Every fallen comrade remains alive as long as their companions who survived carry on the fight in their name. Right now, you can only honour the dead, Lord Arzan. And be a respectful lord to us.”

Kai’s brows furrowed. He thought about his words and being a lord. Honouring the dead… Being a respectful lord to them. He had taken it as a position of privilege which it was, but the responsibilities associated with it were heavy.

Still, he knew he couldn’t run away from them.

“Killian, that’s a nice saying.”

“Yeah. I’ve had countless times when I had to remind myself that I should honour the dead instead of looming over their death. It saved me a lot of time,” Killian said while looking at the dual moons that shone over.

Both of them kept walking for a while longer, simply talking about the battle. Killian shared a few of his experiences with being a knight and although Kai took on the role of a listener, it helped distract him from the deaths of the guards.

They only returned once Alden called them out for dinner.

***

It was a few hours past morning breakfast.

After getting his fill and a night's rest, he felt much better and got to work.

His mana was filled back, and he could finally help the captives with the corruption. Unlike the weaver, their bodies hadn't mutated and it was going to be a simple process.

One by one, he tended to the captives, his touch easing their pain and restoring their strength. He continued to send surges of mana through their veins, trying to destroy any sort of corruption inside.

It was similar to the process he did with Palman. He worked slowly, healing the less corrupted first and making his way to the people who needed far more attention.

He looked at the healing wounds of the old woman. Finally, when the skin started showing its natural colour, Kai asked, “How are you feeling now?”

The latter looked at her hands, and then back at Kai. She moved her fingers, clenching and unclenching the fist.

“I feel much better now, t-thank you,” she said and bowed.

Kai smiled at the old woman whose lips quivered as she talked. It was going to take a while to get better, but she was already on her way to recovery.

“It’s alright,” Kai muttered and shifted his attention to everyone else.

He slowly moved to heal others. Zanma took less time since other than the peeled skin and black spots, his body seemed more or less fine.

That wasn't the case with the others.

They had spots all over their bodies and one of them had his whole arm corrupted. Kai did his best to give them some respite, but it was going to take time for them to recover.

After ensuring that the captives were stable, Kai sought out the village chief who was talking with a few guards about the necromancer.

“Alden, I’m taking the ones who need more extensive healing with me. We’ll continue their treatment in the city,” Kai said, pointing to the house the captives were in.

“Are you taking all of them?” He asked.

“No, two of them including Zanma are okay now. Just needs to rest for a month to return to his old self. He still might have trauma, but magic can't do anything about it. The rest, I'm taking with me.”

“Thank you for your help, Lord Arzan. Without you, the necromancer would have just grown in strength and devoured this village,” Alden said and bowed in gratitude. “When I first heard of the new lord of the territory, I didn't know how it was going to be, but now, I believe prosperous days will be back.”

They talked a bit more and Kai asked more about the village and decided to let them take care of the goblin corpses. Although the common goblins were more or less useless, the goblin lord was a valuable monster whose parts could easily be sold.

Hagmons Keep anyway needed money.

Once everything was done, he walked up to the guards and Killian. They had worked all morning to retrieve the dead bodies and they would be carrying them back to the city to give them a proper funeral.

“What happened to the woman we found? The one who showed no corruption?” Kai asked Killian as he got on his horse.

“Oh, her. She keeps falling into unconsciousness. Alden said they kept giving her water from time and time. But, she couldn’t even open her eyes. I told the guards to get her in the carriage since she doesn't seem to know anyone in the village.”

“Good. I will talk to her once we reach home.”

He said, looking towards the hills and hoping the journey back home would be far less daunting.

***

Kai and the rest of the troupe entered through the familiar gates of the city.

Behind them, the bodies of the guards who were dead and the captives who needed more healing were in different carriages. One of them they had taken with them and the other they had found in Hagmons Keep.

The streets were busy with the people who had come down from their houses to witness Kai’s return. They were in small groups as they started talking amongst themselves and looking at their carriages, trying to glimpse what they brought back.

As they made their way through the streets, Kai leaned in closer to Killian, his voice just barely above a whisper.

“Send a guard and fetch clerics from the church.”

Killian knit his brows in confusion.

“Why do we need the cleric?” he asked quietly.

Kai’s gaze darkened and he sighed. “I want to get the funeral started. It's already been over a day since their death and it's disrespectful to keep them waiting for longer. Inform their families and call the clerics.”



A note from Extra26



Hello, everyone, we have crossed 3900! I have also been looking at your suggestions and I'm extremely grateful to you all. Please keep supporting this novel! Sorry I'm travelling these days and got heavily sick. Just getting back to work.

For the new schedule, there will be 3-4 chaps weekly. Expect a chap every other day. I'm also trying to work on getting the Patreon bigger since that was something I messed up at launch.

As for your suggestions in last chap, I will try to work on them. Thank you so much! Next few arcs are more kingdom building oriented. Hope you like it.

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





23. Funeral services


A note from Extra26





The Apostle of Greed [Isekai + LITRPG]



Griffin Thorne's greed led him to interesting places in his life on Earth. Few people can claim to have lived life the way he had. Fewer still would have been able to follow through the path he had chosen to infamy, wealth and a new identity.

Responsible for the single largest hack in Cryptocurrency history, he only made a single mistake in his legendary if equally infamous career- believing that he'd get away with it.

The world thought they knew Griffin's story to have ended there.

Little did they know, it was only beginning.

[Apostle of Greed chosen….]

[Welcome to Aeldfane, Griffin Thorne.]





Gareth’s eyes loomed over his wife. She was hugging the rugs tightly to herself. She has been in much better shape since they received the Heat Stone.

Not a single day passed by, when the couple didn’t thank Lord Arzan for giving them the Heat stone. Although finding food has been difficult, having heat in the blizzarding weather made it easier for them to survive.

Now, they stood in the middle of a line that led to an almsgiving.

Similarly to Gareth and Cecilia, half of the town stood waiting patiently for their turn.

The estate of Lord Arzan was giving out free bowls of food, made with different herbs. When the news had spread yesterday, not a lot of people had believed it.

Gareth had heard the conversation that it was a rumour, and despite the Heat stones selling well, the estate was still in debt. Moreover, giving food to the whole town, even if it was just a simple bowl of soup, would cost a ton and no lord would empty their coffers like this.

Despite the chatter, everyone had made their way to the town square early in the morning where guards and maids had arrived with bowls of what looked like hot, sizzling soup filled with herbs.

“I have never seen such a soup before. What do you think it is made of?” he asked his wife, whose eyes loomed over a person's bowl who was gulping it down on the side.

It was an amber liquid, filled with leaves and giving off a sizzling aroma.

“I don't know, but it smells so good,” Cecilia frowned, but an instant smile appeared. “We’re getting closer.”

She said as only a few people were remaining in front of them.

Gareth nodded.

He looked over to see the guard handing the bowl to the person in the front. The person grabbed it with both hands and quickly started standing beside it to eat it while it was hot.

“We’re next,” Cecilia mumbled in excitement. Smoke came out of her lips for how long she had been standing there in the queue.

Waiting for two more minutes, Gareth and Cecilia stepped forward and looked at the guard.

“Here you go,” the guard said and handed them the bowl of soup. “Enjoy your soup. It’s called a Necra Soup, it helps to warm your body and is essential to survive the weather. We are working to get it ready for you all for a day,” he said the last line aloud so the rest of the line could hear it.

Cecilia muttered a quick ‘thank you’ and stepped aside.

“Let’s soon drink it before it gets cold,” she started sipping on the soup.

The flavours danced on their tongue as the steaming soup poured down. Cecilia glanced at Gareth. A puzzled expression creased her brow. “I wonder where they got the ingredients to make the soup from. It's very unique, but leaves a nice aftertaste.”

She said questioningly as she realised she had forgotten to ask the guard.

“We shouldn’t bother with the questions, Cecilia. Drink it.” Gareth shrugged as he looked at Cecilia.

His voice came out hushed yet firm.

***

Even though Cecilia let it be, curiosity gnawed at her. She continued to sip from the bowl, but her mind wandered trying to piece it together. Her eyes went back and forth between the carriage and the helpers who had come to serve.

There were a few guards, but several women with maid uniforms. One of them was someone she had seen with Lord Arzan once in one of his weekly visits to the streets to distribute Heat stones.

“I wonder if Lord Arzan is going to continue the soup distribution like the Heat stones too. If he does, most of our problems will be solved,” Cecilia said and looked at her husband.

Gareth nodded. “He’s really doing so much for us suddenly. If only the bandits run away from the mines, I will get my work back.” He emptied the bowl and burped while looking around.

It was still morning and it didn't look like the line was going to end anytime soon. If they hadn't been warned one person getting only one bowl of soup, would have made his way to the back again.

His focus was distracted by the distant sound of solemn bells tolling in the distance.

“The funeral is starting,” They heard a distant voice call out.

The realisation dawned upon them simultaneously. Without exchanging a word, Cecilia finished her bowl and handed it over to Gareth, who walked back behind the carriage where they were collecting bowls.

“Let’s go,” Gareth walked back and told Cecilia.

She nodded and both of them followed where droves of people were going.

They were all headed towards a big ground in the city, where a large number of people who had finished their bowls had already gathered. Among the crowd, guards were standing in the front, keeping the public in check and making sure that all of them maintained peace.

Everyone looked at the centre of the ground.

Bodies lay beside rough-hewn graves. Their forms were hidden beneath simple clothes. Guards stood in front of them, all their faces etched with weariness. Beside the guards stood Lord Arzan.

The guards were dripping sweat. They must’ve dug the holes and laid the corpses. But even after the hefty work, they stood there seamlessly.

Lord Arzan was talking to a few clerics from the Church of Lumaris, the Goddess of Light and Life. Their golden robes and symbolic accessories made them look distinct from the others and it seemed like they had already prepared for the funeral.

They also saw Knight Killian and Administrator Francis standing in the back. While the knight was ordering the guards, Francis stood, watching over the processions.

“This is sad,” Cecilia said in a muffle. Her hand covered her mouth as she stared at the crying families.

They were all on the opposite side of the crowd. Their arms tangled with one another as they sobbed. They were the sons, daughters, and wives of the fallen guards.

Once they had returned from the expedition the tales had spread everywhere because skeletons and a necromancer were involved. All the still functioning pubs and bars in the city were full of chatter about it.

Especially about the funeral Lord Arzan was hosting for the fallen.

“I heard they fought bravely against the necromancer,” a voice whispered close to them in the crowd.

“Yes, they are heroes.”

“Their family didn't deserve it, but they saved the city fighting with the lord.”

Gareth and Cecilia heard the voices of two people whispering behind them. The tone was tinged with both sorrow and reverence.

Gareth looked at Cecilia. They passed unspoken words while shifting their attention back to the burial ground.

***

Kai turned towards the sombre crowd, his gaze sweeping over the faces gathered before him. The guards, the people who had come to watch, and even the families who were crying uncontrollably.

Taking a deep breath, he spoke.

"People of our city," he began, his tone grave yet steady, "I stand before you today with a heavy heart, for we gather here to honour the memory of those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to us all."

A murmur of agreement rippled through the crowd, acknowledging the weight of his words. Kai made eye contact with a few people.

"In our recent expedition," Kai continued, his voice unwavering, "we confronted a great evil— a necromancer who threatened our very existence. Through courage and determination, we were able to vanquish this threat. But in doing so, we lost brave souls who fought by our side, who gave their lives so that others may live."

A solemn silence fell over the gathering as Kai's words sank in. Originally, he had thought to do a small funeral with the families involved, but he felt like the guards needed honour to their names and the legacy their families could be proud of.

So, he decided to make the funeral a public event.

Turning towards the families of the fallen, Kai's expression softened with empathy. "To the families of the fallen," he said, his voice gentler now, "know that your loved ones will not be forgotten by me or my retainers. In recognition of their bravery and sacrifice, I announce that each family shall receive twenty-five gold coins as a token of our gratitude and respect."

A soft murmur of appreciation rose from the crowd, mingling with the whispers. Some looked grateful, and some were still hovering from the shock of the amount.

"And to any member of the fallen's family," Kai continued his voice carrying with conviction, "know that the gates of the guard are open to you. Any who wish to serve our city in honour of your fallen kin shall be welcomed with open arms."

With those words, Kai fell silent, allowing the weight of his announcement to settle over the gathering. Around him, the people nodded in agreement.

The whispers of gratitude slowly turned to a chorus of cheers and applause.

The sound echoed through the square.

Kai wasn’t big on speeches ever since he was a Mage. This time, something stung him personally. He knew the families deserved respect for those who died. Therefore, he tried his best to give something when he spoke.

In hindsight, it was also a good event to show his face more to the common people, even through an occasion like this.

In the middle of the cheering, a cleric stepped forward.

He bowed his head. In a low voice, he murmured the last rites, praying for the dead and hoping for Lumaris to show them a path to the afterlife.

The crowd’s cheer died down immediately, and the silence hung over them once more.

Kai’s eyes wandered around to meet with the people of the city and onto the ground. The guards made sure that the burial was as respectful as it could be.

As he observed the ritual, he realised the change in traditions here compared to his time. He had never heard of anyone burying the dead before because of incidents of necromancers raising the dead from graveyards.

The tradition had become one of burning and letting the ashes fly into the air or collecting them to keep in a memorial.

A part of him wanted to change it because he had just dealt with the necromancer, but he couldn't be hasty.

He had to make sure to not change things around, especially things that had personal values attached to them.

As the cleric was done with the rites, the guards walked to the burial ground and let the families have their moment.

Kai took a few steps behind, absorbing the situation. People passed by him in crowds, to respect the fallen and meet the family members.

“Lord Arzan did a great job with the burials,” he heard a woman say from the crowd.

“The soup we received today… I heard it's his doing too. Finally, we received a ruler who cares about the people,” the other voice came in a whisper.

Similar whispers passed his ears as people bowed to him as he passed. Once they had given their respect to the fallen and talked to the families, the line dispersed.

Killian ordered the guards to cover the burial grounds with soil. The guards nodded and started to work.

Kai stood in the middle of the aftermath of the funeral, his gaze fixated on the graves that were being closed.

From the corner of his eye, he saw Francis walking towards him. His eyebrows were furrowed as he stood next to Kai.

“Lord Arzan…” He offered a small nod of acknowledgement. “This is all… A great job that you did. Thank you,” he said.

Kai managed a faint smile. “Yeah. It isn’t about me, I believe the guards deserved it. It's not easy for their family to lose them. So, it had to be done.”

“That’s true, my lord.” Francis shifted slightly, his tone grew serious. “About what we talked about before, I did some digging, like you said, about that necromancer. Turns out he was a criminal. Wanted in a duchy on the other side of the kingdom.”

Kai's eyebrows raised in surprise. "Is that so?"

Francis leaned in, his voice lowered. “What do you think we should do, Lord Arzan?”

Kai looked at Francis. "I say we send them a letter, informing them that we took care of their problem. Maybe even ask for some compensation. We could use it to help the families of the fallen guards and the people affected by all of this."

Francis nodded in agreement. “That sounds like quite the plan.”

“Yes. Draft that letter immediately.”

Before they could delve further into their discussion, Francis hesitated for a moment before continuing, his eyes showed a sense of urgency.

"Oh, and one more thing," Francis said, his voice still in a whisper. "The girl, the one who was injured during the expedition... She woke up."



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 4k. Close to 4100 now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel.

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





24. An evening stroll


A note from Extra26





Everyone wants to be Gifted, even Melmarc Lockwood. But even if he's lucky enough to be one of the minute few to develop Skills and a Class, his goal to be a Delver so powerful that fights would end with his very presence before they even begin is still very far in the distance.

He's got determination, an odd uncle, and maybe a murderous portal chibi.



* * *



The world is a large place, and Portals have far more secrets than they let on. Melmarc is about to meet them.

August Intruder





As soon as he heard the news from Francis, he waited until the people in the crowd started to clatter.

In the end, when most of them had headed home, and the only ones who were left were families, their friends and the guards, Kai decided to head back.

He was curious about the girl.

She was a strange one, unlike the rest they had rescued. When Kai first saw her, there had been no signs of dead mana on her body.

Her skin wasn’t peeled or damaged like the rest of them. She looked malnourished and not fed well. She probably was kept parched by how she painfully gulped the water when he poured it down her mouth.

But still, she didn’t look as bad as the others.

If she was kept in the same room as the others for weeks, then it didn't make sense for her not even to get a little affected.

“I believe our work here is done, why don’t we go and meet the girl now?” Kai told Francis who seemed to be lost in thought.

He snapped out of his thoughts and nodded at Kai.

They took the carriage and went to the castle.

As Francis strolled down the hallway, he looked at Kai. “She woke up an hour back and we gave her some food. She still looks shaky and uncomfortable, but hasn't tried to escape.”

“What's her name?” He asked as they stopped in front of the room she was kept in.

“I don't know. She refused to say anything.”

With a swift motion, Kai swung open the door. However, the sight that greeted him was far from what he expected.

There she was, the girl they had been seeking, caught red-handed—or rather, bread-handed. Amid her feast, crumbs scattered like confetti around her, her cheeks puffed out with a mouthful of bread.

Caught in the act, the girl froze, her eyes widening in embarrassment as she realised she had been caught devouring the bread.

With a sudden cough, she choked on her mouthful, pieces of bread flying out, landing with a soft thud on the table before her.

Kai couldn't help but chuckle at the scene before him. "Well, I see you've made yourself at home," he remarked, unable to contain his grin as the girl blushed furiously, her embarrassment palpable in the air.

Kai walked further in, his gaze upon the girl as he observed her appearance once again.

Her hair was a striking shade of white and her pale face only added to it, making her look fragile.

She was draped in a cloth that barely concealed her slender form. Her golden eyes glinted with a mixture of fear and confusion as Kai’s presence loomed over her.

Underneath the stare she threw at him, the evidence of her exhaustion and distress was there. There were dark circles under her eyes and scars ran down her entire arm.

Francis darted his eyes in between Kai and the woman and seemed like he wanted to say something. Kai swiftly lifted his hand and halted him.

“Francis, do you mind going outside? I want to talk to her alone.”

“Yes, my lord,” he said before leaving the room.

Once alone, Kai turned back towards the girl and decided to take it slow.

"Hello," he began softly, his voice a reassuring murmur in the room's silence. “My name is Arzan Kellius, I'm a Baron and lord of this city."

Her eyes nervously darted around Kai. She refused to meet his gaze and only offered a curt nod for Kai’s introduction.

He didn't think too much about it and continued.

“It’s alright,” Kai said and stepped forward. “Do you know where you are right now?” he started with a simple question.

The girl shook her head.

From what he had gathered, it was likely that the necromancer captured the girl for far longer than the villagers. Her features were too foreign for the standard blonde hair and brown eyes around these parts.

“This is the city of Veralt. I rule and govern the city. It's located in Lancephil Kingdom,” he said and by the way, the girl looked at him, she didn't seem to have any idea where it was. “I want to ask a few questions from you if you don't mind, but before that, can you tell me your name?”

She looked at him like she was contemplating it. A silence stretched over them before she slowly opened her mouth.

“I'm Amyra,” she said, her accent a bit different than usual, but he was glad to know that she hadn't lost her speech. She also seemed to understand and speak the common tongue.

Kai decided to approach the topic cautiously, his voice steady but laced with concern. “Amyra, I wanted to know more about the necromancer. Can you tell me?"

The girl flinched at the mention of the necromancer, her eyes downcast as she whispered, "He... he hurt me."

Her hands seemed to be shaking and he could clearly sense that whatever she had gone through with the necromancer, it had lasting impacts.

"If you don't want to talk about it, it's okay. We'll talk about it when you're ready," Kai assured her.

His eyes went to the scars that ran deep on her hands. She followed his gaze and hid the scars by hand.

“I will be able to help you with that,” he said in a hushed tone.

“R-really?” She asked, her golden eyes blinking at him.

“Yes, the scars on your hands. I might be able to heal them. I’m a Mage,” Kai said. He wanted to increase the familiarity between them, but not too much. Just enough for her to trust him. “Do you want me to show you how? It won't hurt.”

The woman looked up and stared at Kai for a moment. She was questioning his words and looked at him warily as she came to a decision. “O-okay,” she said and removed her hand from the scars.



Kai placed his hand in the air, on top of hers. He didn’t want to touch her knowing it might simply scare her.

In his mind, he drew the spell structure on his palm and started pushing mana. Within a few minutes, the spell worked.

The gentle glow that came from his hand covered Amyra’s and enveloped the wounds. Slowly, the reddened area turned to her normal skin colour.

He let the wound heal a little bit more and withdrew his hand.

“I can go over each one of your scars like this. It might take a bit more time on other scars, but I would heal you completely,” he said and stared at the healed area. “I will just need to make frequent visits. Will that be fine with you?” Kai asked.

Although a Cleric might be able to deal with it too, he wanted to know more about her and the necromancer. And getting to know her during healing seemed like the best way.

“Y-yes,” she mouthed, nodding her head after looking over at her healed sound.

“Amyra, you can finish your meal peacefully. I will head outside,” he said and stood up.

As she had just woken up, he didn't want to ask any more questions and give her enough time to eat.

Kai gave a slight nod and turned around to walk out of the room.

Before he could completely walk, he heard a small whisper.

“Thank you.”

He left the room with a smile and met Francis outside who seemed to be waiting for him to come out.

“Is she alright, Lord Arzan?” He asked.

“She's scared and needs time to adjust. Send her food regularly and allow her to explore the estate. Think of her as a guest until I heal her.”

“Understood.”

He nodded, mentally logging it as a task to tackle. His serious eyes said it all. They walked through the corridor as they discussed more things.

Francis told him about the success of giving out soup and Kai was happy to know that it was working as expected.

He hadn't expected that recipes he had eaten during his days at the Sorcerer's Tower would help them here. As farmlands were all filled with dead mana and grains were expensive, humans discovered ways to make food out of weeds and common herbs.

It was nothing tasty but would fill you up before you knew it.

Now, it was coming to the city's rescue.

"Francis, I need you to gather more herbs. I will give you a list of stuff that would be easier to find and recipes," Kai instructed. "We need to work on refining the recipes to feed the population."

Francis nodded, "I'll get right on it.”

Kai's gaze softened as he continued, "And, also, I will focus on making more Heat stones. Distribute them to those who are struggling, especially those without jobs. Tell people to share them if necessary. We need to ensure everyone stays warm during these trying times."

Francis nodded. “Consider it done, Lord Arzan.”

***

In Arzan’s room Kai had gotten used to calling his own, he sat in the middle, right where the bloody ritual once was.

His legs were crossed as he circled his mana in a circle, but today, he felt like he was unable to concentrate. It wasn't anything bothering him, but his grasp on his meditation wasn't as good.

With a slow inhale, Kai opened his eyes, the remnants of his meditative state lingering in the quiet of the room.

A restless energy stirred within him, urging him to action.

Looking around, he realised it was late at night and didn't feel like spending the rest few hours meditating before pushing himself to his bed.

Without a second thought, Kai rose from his seated position.

With a long stride, he crossed the room to the open window, the fresh breeze beckoning him outside.

Kai looked down and summoned his magic, weaving it into one of the spells he had used quite a lot in his first test of being a Mage. He felt the familiar rush of power rushing through him as he leaned forward, ready to leap.

It was an introductory spell known as [Feather Fall], commonly included in early Mage training. This was because many Mages attempted flight using wind elemental spells, often risking their lives. Therefore, [Feather Fall] was taught as a vital means of temporary survival.

Without any hesitation, he controlled his leap and slid through the air effortlessly.

The wind whipped past him, tousling his hair as he soared through the window. For a moment, Kai let himself relish the sensation of flight. The adrenaline felt good for the moment.

Especially since he was sitting in the same position for quite a few hours, this seemed just about right.

His flight got slower and slower as he got close to the ground.

As he landed gracefully on the cobblestone streets below, Kai felt a surge of ecstasy. The spell had worked flawlessly, leaving him feeling alive.

I should try out a [Flight] spell once I get to my former strength.

Kai thought to himself with a smile plastered on his face.

Looking around to make sure he didn't come across a patrolling guard, he strolled across the long garden, careful of any suspecting eyes before jumping out of the walls by using another one of his spells.

He turned to the streets and continued to walk through the road he had noticed before. His destination was already decided, being an area around the grasslands.

Killian had told him about it saying that a few monster tribes live there. It was a small talk when they stopped midway going to the funeral.

His eyes were on the street as he walked through the crowd.

He covered his head with the hood that was stitched to his cloak and lowered his gaze. His steps became a bit slower as he continued to walk.

The pavement beneath his feet was worn and cracked. The snow was cleared to the sides of the roads, but he could see how someone could easily trip and fall if they didn’t pay attention to the indents.

As he moved, snippets of conversation spread around him, mingling with the sounds of the surroundings. People spoke in hushed tones.

He stood to the side and kept an open ear to what they were talking about.

"Did you know that it was Lord Arzan who distributed free food? I couldn’t believe it at first, but then…"

"It is true. The Heat stone was also a big help. I had to pay 3 gold coins, but it was so worth it. They are distributed to the more helpless for free, but if you want it fast, you can pay for it. Talking about Lord Arzan, it seems a bit odd that he is suddenly doing all of this."

An older woman chuckled.

“Who cares about what’s odd or what’s even? We’re getting services the city has always needed. It’s about time, and…”

“We should be grateful. I understand.”

The other woman said with a warm tone layered in her voice.

Another smile plastered on Kai’s face as he turned back to walk in the opposite direction.

He continued to walk straight. The air grew cooler, carrying a faint scent of pine and earth.

After leaving the walls by climbing over them, he made his way to the grasslands until he sensed movement up ahead. Scaling over a tree, he saw silhouettes hiding around in a clearing.

I didn't expect to see Trolls. Killian was right.

He looked down at the three monsters.

Their thick, fur-covered bodies stood out against the backdrop of trees and tall grass. These trolls rarely ventured near the dungeon; their tough skin was perfect for the cold winters of the woods.

Peering from his hiding spot, Kai watched as the trolls devoured a wolf they had caught. The scene was primal and chaotic, with grunts and snarls filling the air.

Deciding it was time to test his skills, Kai jumped down from his perch.



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 4.1k! Close to 4200. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel.

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





25. Break the Trolls


A note from Extra26





Re:birth



Adom Sylla is a 65 years old man, terminally ill and filled with regret for a life unfulfilled. In a magical world where he longs for heroism, adventure, and recognition but is bound by his frail health. Despite his intellectual achievements, he feels a deep sense of unfulfillment and envy as he watches





He landed on the ground with a big ‘thump’. The sound echoed through the dense forest, gaining the attention of the seven-foot monsters.

With a flick of his wrist, he conjured up a [Fireball] spell and urged them to come at him.

The dead wolf was thrown to the side instantly as the trolls focused on him, their red eyes glinting.

Their roar reverberated through the forest as Kai took two steps forward and shifted the ball of fire from one hand to his other.

His cloak billowed behind him as one of them lunged forward. It slashed its claws at him, and Kai bent down to dodge it.

Sliding back to escape another attack, he aimed the fireball at the troll’s head.

It hit the monster on the head and groaned in pain as the attack left a mark. Being a 1st circle spell, it wasn't enough to cause significant damage, but by how the troll looked at him, Kai knew it stung.

As the monster stumbled back from his spell, the other two sent guttural growls.

He barely had time to think before one troll lunged forward. Kai twisted at the last second and cast [Fire Bolt] with a flicker of his wrist.

His fingertips threw a small, concentrated bolt that exploded when it hit the monster.

The troll touched its left shoulder as the fire crackled, inflicting a burning sensation. Slight grey smoke came out from where it hit it.

Kai didn't have time to think too much as two trolls attacked at the same time. His feet were quick as he tried to dive back to avoid the lunges and slashes they threw his way.

He weaved between their clumsy swings, finding pockets of spaces where their bulks couldn’t reach.

Although he wasn't in shape, the trolls were known to be slow and there was enough space to train his reflexes as they came at him.

“Agility is a mage’s shield, Kai. Use it wisely,” his master’s voice rang in his head as he rolled through the gap between the troll's legs before slinging another bolt at it.

In his previous life, he had mostly ignored that advice. He was swift and trained for running, but he had never utilised it. Most of the time he spent covering the back and slinging spells.

In this life, he wanted to change that and sharpen his skills with short-range combat, especially after what had gone on with the necromancer.

With him being fairly weak, he needed to grow in all ways. Learning how to fight at close range might just save his life if he ever ran out of mana.

Kai pictured the spell structure of [Searing Pyre], a 2nd circle spell.

It formed in just a few seconds as a troll charged at him. Before it could reach him, a small bead of flame launched forward, hitting its shoulders and the next second, an explosion shook the area as the monster stumbled back, flesh and blood flying around Kai.

Its whole shoulder was removed from its body and it lay dead just on top of the body of the wolf it had been eating before.

The other two trolls looked at Kai with some hesitation seeing the display of strength, but with a guttural shout, one of them slashed at him.

He jumped back, but the troll moved with vengeance, closing the distance in a matter of seconds.

Kai used [Gust] to push it back before stomping at its feet. The attack didn't seem to do anything as the second Troll struck from behind.

He used a barrier to protect himself while hurling down [Fire Bolt] at it.

They hit the troll's neck and shoulders, but only left behind small marks as it cried out in stinging pain. It didn't look like 1st circle spells were going to do much, and as Kai wondered if he should increase the firepower, an idea came to his mind.

As the monster roared again, he swiftly prepared a [Fireball] and hurled it towards its mouth. It entered it as the monster coughed, the flames burning its jaw from inside. Taking the opportunity, he used a wind spell to cut the area around the neck which was already charred with his attacks.

With the second monster dead, the third let out a visceral scream.

It shrieked as Kai's flames leapt towards it, roars turning into gurgling moans before they fell silent.

The monster didn't give up as it still tried to fight back, but Kai didn't let it get close and unleashed more of his powerful spells on it.

Finally after a few minutes, its fur singed and reeking of burnt flesh, the troll whimpered before falling to the ground. Dead.

“That took a few more spells than what I was expecting.”

Kai stood, panting heavily, the adrenaline slowly draining from his body. The air was thick with the stench of burnt flesh and decaying swamp matter.

His robes were stained with dust, blood and sweat, but he was alive. Just a little out of breath and mana.

Once he took a look around the grasslands and saw no one, he sat next to the dead bodies and inhaled.

He felt a blanket of mana around him and pulled it inside of him, circling it into his Mana Heart.

Kai took another deep breath in. Feeling the wave of mana rushing inside his body, he smiled.

Although this current world was abundant with mana all around, the current ambient mana in the air was still on the higher side, letting him take more and more mana inside his body.

It was all thanks to the dead bodies around him.

Apart from killing the trolls to improve his skills, this had been his aim ever since he stepped outside the castle.

Usually, after a death, mana from the bodies of the deceased tends to escape into the surroundings.

As mana worked as energy in living beings, everyone would have a lot of mana residue inside of them and after death, it would mix into the air.

So, Mages would sometimes kill a lot of monsters and let the mana from their body rise to absorb. It was a method to grow faster that he had no idea was popular or not in this era.

Though, it wasn't that simple.

The mana from dead creatures wasn't always pure and one needed to carefully filter it before absorbing it, making the method only used by a few with a great sense of mana control like Kai.

Unfortunately, he had seldom used the method because of the rise of mana fiends.

Since in his world mana fiends ruled a lot of parts, monsters were rare and there was no way to absorb dead mana without being willing to give up on your humanity.

A little more… I can feel it.

Kai’s focus intensified on his Mana Heart as absorbed most of the mana from his surroundings and felt a burning sensation in his chest.

It was stinging, but he smiled understanding what it was.

He was making a breakthrough.

It was almost as if a sudden rush of pleasure. He felt the energy coursing through his very being.

Focusing, Kai tried to put all the mana into building the 2nd circle in his heart, slowly moving his mana to accomplish it.

It was a fairly easy process since he had more than enough mana to build it and after an hour of absorbing mana, he opened his eyes, feeling newfound strength coursing through his veins.

Finally, he was a 2nd circle Mage.

It was nowhere near his previous life's strength and advancing from here on would simply be harder as he built more circles, but it was a good and necessary accomplishment out of his way.

With a higher rate of regeneration of mana and a bigger mana reserve, he would be able to cast much stronger spells.

It would help him immensely with his plans as he moved forward.

The countless things that he had to deal with were undeniable. Mage Actra, the Tradeheart Merchant company— all of these were problems he let be for the time being as he didn’t have the resources nor the ability to afford any big negative consequences if he acted on them.

Most of all, there was one question that rang in his mind every time he remembered he was living inside Arzan Kellius’s body.

Who killed him? Who wanted a Duke’s son gone so bad that they poisoned him to never be able to rise as a Mage?

Kai knew that the answer to the question could be complex. As he was a son of the Duke, there could be many people who wouldn't have liked his presence.

It could even be Mage Actra for all I know.

Kai sighed and stood up. There was no use in worrying about things right now when he had no answers in sight.

He glanced at the dead monsters one more time and decided to head back.

The night was getting colder and he wanted to rest his eyes.

***

Malden's usual business facade crumpled into a reluctant smile as he stood amidst the throng in the bustling marketplace.

A cacophony of barters, hagglers, and vendors hawking wares filled the air. But Malden wasn't hawking anything ordinary.

He was standing in a fairly medium-sized city and in his hand, he held a single, smooth, fist-sized stone.

Its surface shimmered faintly, the intricate enchantments adding an undeniable value.

His staff stood beside him, ready to distribute the "Heat stones" to the crowd.

"Heat Stones!" Malden boomed, his voice barely cutting through the din. "Guaranteed warmth through the day, even in the harshest winter's bite!”

A ripple of disbelief and murmurs went through the crowd. All of them had heard of the Heat stones, and how Malden was selling it all over in every big city, but they were seeing it for the first time.

According to rumours, even nobles coveted them and during the harsh months of Frosania, they were the hottest commodity in the market.

Malden held out his palm. “Two gold coins each," he declared, his voice calm and steady.

The marketplace fell silent.

People looked at him like they were waiting for him to say that he had been lying about the price.

Although there had been rumours of the Heat stones, people knew that nobles were paying hundreds of gold coins to get them before anyone else could.

So, selling them for two gold coins was like selling gold for the price of copper.

The disbelief on people's faces mirrored Malden's thoughts, but he was already getting a good profit out of the nobles and charging more from the commoners would mean most people wouldn't be able to afford it.

“Is the price really true?” A guy asked. In his hand, he held a fish he had just bought and was waving it to get attention.

“Yes, but only 100 left. So, get in a line or you won't be able to get your hands on one.”

As soon as Malden said that, the crowd erupted in a frenzy. People surged forward, coins clenched tightly, their voices a jumbled chorus of pleas and barters.

A few people ran back home to get the money while people like the guy with the fish returned it to put money together for the Heat stone.

Malden staff and security quickly got a line made in the middle of the market, already used to the commotion Heat stones typically made.

A weathered old woman, her face etched with the harsh lines of life, stepped forward, two gold coins clutched in her hand.

Malden's smile widened as one of his staff handed her the stone. The faint warmth emanating from it seemed to intensify in her calloused palm.

His staff scrambled to keep up as people pushed each other to get to the Heat stones faster. Ignoring it, his staff distributed the stones and kept the gold coins in a box.

"Tend to that side, Isabelle," Malden called out to a staff member after making sure that everything was going smoothly.

He glanced around, catching the disbelieving gazes of other merchants. They scoffed, not believing what was going on.

Most of their customers didn't even look at their stalls anymore, staring at the people who got the Heat stones with envious eyes.

Malden could see the jealousy simmering on their faces as they watched the stones disappear. He chuckled softly. Sometimes, the greatest value wasn't the price, but the power to disrupt the game.

A quick glance behind confirmed more people rushing towards them. His eyes caught someone familiar.

"Handle the stall for a while," he instructed the young man beside him.

The staff quickly filled the space and continued selling while Malden approached the old man. "Elias. Long time no see," he said with a broad smile.

"Interesting display you have here, lad," Elias replied, his voice gruff yet curious. "Heat Stones at two gold coins each? They can go even higher if you try."

Malden offered a lopsided grin. "Just a little something to ward off the cold. If I go higher, I doubt most would be able to afford it."

Elias's brow furrowed. "Indeed. But such generosity… where'd you acquire such a treasure trove?" The old merchant's eye looked at him with a glimmer.

Malden's smile widened, his eyes twinkling. "Ah, that's part of the secret, isn't it? Let's just say it wouldn't be possible without the glorious intervention of Lord Arzan."

Elias blinked, confused for a few seconds before he seemed to recall the name. "Lord Arzan? You mean the Duke's… third son?"