A flustered Francis burst into the room. “Lord Arzan!” Francis exclaimed.

“What is it?”

“Malden has returned, and… and he’s brought mercenaries with him.”

Kai immediately put down the ladle. He could come and taste this later or even try making this once again from the beginning.

The mercenaries were a priority.

***

Malden fidgeted under the weight of four pairs of eyes. He’d taken a gamble.

He stood in between the four mercenaries he’d managed to scrape together after getting his information network in place and going through the profiles of several mercenaries.

Lord Arzan had requested him to bring mercenaries for a good price of gold coin.

He had promptly accepted it since it meant that he was being relied upon and going by his calculations, it was the best situation for him since he was planning to do business in Veralt for a long time.

Moreover, just being close to Lord Arzan meant getting his hands on products such as the Heat Stone. But he couldn't be sure whether the lord would like the mercenaries he had brought with him.

As he wondered about that, his thoughts once again came back to the four people he brought with him.

They were quite a sore sight to his eyes.

Gorak, the leader, stood like a granite monolith, his scarred shaved head turning from side to side as he surveyed the room with a wary curiosity.

His massive hand, dwarfed by only using his great axe, wandered across the polished wood of a nearby table, leaving a faint smudge in its wake. Malden shot him a withering look, a silent plea for restraint. Yet, his plea went ignored.

The man kept scraping the smooth surface. His nail scratched the edges.

Please don’t ruin the wood. I don’t want to replace this furniture!

Malden thought to himself.

These people were a band of monster hunters that mostly got employed by merchants and even if a noble called them for work, they wouldn't be allowed into their estates.

This was the first time for them and although their curiosity was understandable, Malden still frowned.

His eyes went to Raven, the lone female merc. She casually leaned against the wall, her arms crossed and a single eyebrow raised in amusement. Her gaze never left the door, almost as if she was waiting for someone to walk inside. A wickedly curved dagger hung at her waist.

His eyes momentarily went to her ears, but he dropped his gaze before he got caught.

At least that one’s behaved, Malden thought again.

Then, there were the twins. Finn and Finnigan. They were a blur of identical grins and nervous foot-tapping. They were anything but still.

From time to time, they would move like restless sparrows, their fingers brushing against every decorative object mounted on the wall.

Malden cleared his throat. "Alright, alright," he stammered, forcing a smile. "Let's just keep things calm, shall we? We're guests here, remember? Lord Arzan is a man who likes peace and will be here soon. Remember, he is calling for you all while taking the risk of relying on mercenaries."

Gorak let out a snort, the sound rumbling like an earthquake. "Risk, you say? More like desperation," he muttered, his voice a gravelly rasp.

Malden winced, shooting Raven a pleading look. She just shrugged, her lips curling into a smirk.

The twins laughed, giving each other a grin. "Desperation or generosity, Malden," chimed Finn, his voice tinged with a mocking lilt, "We appreciate the offer. Just don't expect us to play nice."

“I mean, he needs us. So, why can’t we just look around?” Finnigan added to the fire.

Malden gripped the corner of the table, frowning. When he had told his employees to find the best mercenaries around, they were the only ones meeting most of the criteria, so he had no choice but to be silent for now.

Mercenaries were known to be foul mouths and other than a few famous groups, they weren't respected in the kingdom.

Deciding to deal with them after the meeting, he sank onto the bench he was seated on.

Just then, the door creaked open.

Lord Arzan entered the room with a smile. Malden immediately stood up, his action followed by the rest of them.

Looking at the mercenaries, the lord offered a weary smile. “Malden, these are the mercenaries, I presume?" he inquired, raising an eyebrow at the motley crew.

Malden cleared his throat. "Yes, Lord Arzan. Meet Gorak, the leader of the team, Raven, the archer, and the twins, Finn and Finnigan." Each mercenary offered a curt nod or a gruff greeting in return.

Lord Arzan nodded and sat in the chair that was to their front and gestured to everyone to sit behind the table. They all followed along.

The tension in the room eased slightly as they all settled down. Once Kai gave the signal to speak, Gorak, the leader of the group, cut to the chase. “We heard you have a good job for us that pays well. Malden didn't tell us many details aside from the fact that it's exterminating monsters. We are good with that, but would like to know what we would be getting into if we accept your offer.”

“That is right, Gorak… right?”

“Yes, that’s my name.”

Lord Arzan nodded. His eyes went from one merc to another, looking them up and down, observing every detail closely.

A few seconds later, he spoke.

“There’s a monster nest inside the mines where the bandits were staying. I'm pretty sure you have a clue about the bandit situation. This will be a big task for a good coin, but I can’t promise anything about safety. I witnessed the monsters closely and I can say they won't be an easy task. I’d like to give you all the information, but I want to know if you’re interested.”

Lord Arzan finished his explanation, the silence in the room thick enough to cut with a dagger.

Malden could see the deep thought process mirrored in each mercenary's face. Raven, the quiet one, finally broke the silence.

"A monster nest, you say?" she asked, her voice a low rasp. "What kind of monsters are we talking about here? Cave trolls? Goblins making up a camp?"

Lord Arzan shook his head. "No, these are… different. They have nothing on cave trolls or goblins. They are called vermal larvae.”

The nervous eyes looked at each other as soon as the words came out.



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 4.5k! Close to 4800. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





44. Mercenaries


A note from Extra26





Labyrinth of the Mad God



Interested in a gritty survival LitRPG? Check out: Labyrinth of the Mad God!

The end of the world was the high point of Nick’s day.

Nick thought his dreams had come true when the System came to Earth. He watched his civilization burn to ash eleven minutes later. But as bad as the apocalypse was, Taltos was worse. Stolen by the Mad God, the Earth is plucked from the heavens and plunged into the beating heart of the labyrinth. A twisting maze of worlds, dimensions, and other planes of existence. Where the rules of the System have been warped by an insane deity and his maleficent minions.

Nick and his fellow survivors must fight to reclaim the world of their birth. To rise from the ashes and find their place in a multiverse filled with magic and monsters, marvels and horrors beyond their wildest imagination. The odds are long, and Nick has no choice but to go all in. But even when the deck is stacked against him, Nick always plays to win.





Kai took his time to observe the individuals slowly, noting their reactions to the mention of the larvae. By the way, they had stiffened when he had come in, he knew they hadn't talked to nobles before.

Much less one who was a Mage.

However, they had hidden it pretty well in a matter of seconds, aside from the twins who still looked at him nervously.

Gorak seemed to be in thought for a moment. Raven, Finn and Finnigan patiently waited for him to say something, taking glances at their leader.

“Vermal larvae?” he grumbled. A hint of scepticism was in his voice. “We’ve dealt with our fair share of monsters and nests are always tricky. Especially one filled with larvae. I know of the creatures, and their whole nest sounds like a recipe for a quick demise.”

Kai didn't say anything but agreed to his assessment inwardly.

His voice came out calm as he gave out more details. “As you know, larvae aren't easy to deal with and from how big the nest is, there are signs of a queen ruling them all. That would be the biggest problem for us all…”

He continued to explain everything, adding the things that he witnessed back in the mines. Obviously, he left out the fact about the Atheum reserves, not wanting to spread it.

Even the people who had been in the mines had been instructed to keep it a secret since it was one of the rarest materials in the world.

As he went over the details of the nest, talking about the number of estimated larvae and their strength, the faces of the mercenaries changed slightly.

It seemed like they had been thinking of an easier job and hearing the description, they were having second thoughts. At least that's what Kai perceived from the glances between Gorak and Raven.

“What is the reward for facing such a delightful company?” Raven, the lone female spoke.

She was tall, thin, and had pointy ears that looked sharp alongside pale skin that wasn't usual for humans. Her ember eyes challenged Kai as she stared at him.

Kai met her gaze.

He hadn't expected to see an elf here, but that assured him of the strength of the group. Elfs were naturally agile and their archers were always worth the gold.

“The reward will be substantial," he said, looking at Francis, earning a brief nod. “100 gold coins to hire you all and an additional 5 for each larvae you kill.”

Gorak grunted, leaning forward to look at Francis, and then back at Kai. "Sounds like fat pay for a suicide mission. Not the kind of coin that justifies being turned into a vermala kibble."

Kai leaned forward, imitating Gorak’s motion. "On top of the coin, I'll provide you with all the potions and elixirs of good quality. Healing draughts, stamina enhancers— anything to give you an edge in this fight and you can keep any that are left after the battle."

Gorak's gaze flickered. “What is our role in this mission? You’re not expecting us to go down there just by ourselves, hah?”

Kai shook his head immediately. “The guards will accompany you…” he paused. He raised his hand in the air and flickered his fingers. A small flame of fire appeared on it as Gorak nodded, understanding Kai’s intentions. “I’m a Mage, as you can see and heard about. So, I will be there with you, for additional support. My intention is not to send you all to your death.”

The four nodded in unison. Raven raised her hand and gathered everyone’s attention. “And this queen? Who handles that problem? We can deal with larvae, but she's beyond us."

Kai smiled. "That will be me. I'll deal with the queen myself. You focus on clearing a path, helping out the guards and staying alive. You do not have to care about the queen if you don’t want to."

Raven nodded. But before she could say anything, Gorak spoke up, “Well, this all seems fine. But I believe we need to talk in private… Discuss a few matters before making a decision.”

Kai gestured to them with his hands, allowing them to continue.

The mercenaries stood up and gave a curt bow for which Kai nodded. They walked to the corner of the room and huddled together. Soon they exchanged words, talking in low whispers.

Kai leaned back in his chair, observing their postures.

Raven, the elven archer seemed to take the lead. Her gestures from afar looked sharp and decisive. The twins, who had been bubbling with nervous energy since Kai walked in, were uncharacteristically focused. Even Gorak, who Kai thought was quite opinionated, seemed to be listening closely.

Are they about to back out? Kai couldn’t help but wonder.

He looked at Malden and wasn’t surprised to see the latter peeking at the group’s discussion. Soon, an uncomfortable air with only whispers took over their meeting.

After what felt like an eternity, the group dispersed. Gorak approached Kai.

“Alright, Lord Arzan,” he said and took his seat. “We’ll take on your monster nest. But,” he added, a finger raised at Malden, who opened his mouth to speak, in warning. Kai knew he implied that more conditions were yet to be said. “Don’t expect us to be heroes. We fight for the coin, not glory.”

Kai internally smiled but kept his posture steady. The weight of what their condition could be, washed away. “Fair enough. Just stay alive, and the coin will be yours.”

The mercenaries nodded in unison and stood up. The deal was on the table officially.

Before they could fully walk out of the door, Kai’s eyes fell on Raven's back. It wasn't always you would see an elf and Kai hadn't seen one since his teenage years when he had taken a trip to the last tribes of elves left in the world.

With a casualness he didn’t quite feel, he asked, “By the way, Raven, do you have a… companion with you?”

She stopped and turned back, her eyes flickering in confusion as she looked at him guardedly. “Companion?” she asked, her voice shaking a little. “I'm sorry I'm not betrothed and I have no intention—”

“Your spirit,” Kai clarified. “Do you have a spirit with you?”

She nodded, slowly, then confidently. “Yes… Yes, I do.”

“Can I see it?”

She looked at him sceptically. Her lips pursed tight into a thin line.

Malden and Francis, who had been discreetly observing the exchange, couldn't help but look at him strangely.

“Sure,” she said in a little voice.

A faint green light flickered near Raven's shoulder, a tiny, luminescent wisp that pulsed with a soft, noticeable glow. It looked and felt ethereal as it floated around the room as if excited.

Kai reached out a hand, the wisp moving to him. His gentle touch brushed the green light as he fed it his mana which made the glow brighter.

He patted the little green glow. It pulsed once, almost in greeting, before flitting back to Raven's side.

"It's good," he murmured, more to himself than anyone. "Very good."

Raven stared at him, her eyes wide with surprise. "How do you know of the spirit?”

Kai smiled enigmatically. “I know a bit of your people's customs and spirits are an interesting part of it.," he said. "Don't worry, I was just curious about your spirit. Now, about that contract…"

He quickly changed the topic as the rest followed.

“I will make sure the contract is ready when you’re here again. Francis will let you know the details on your way out.”

Gorak nodded, “Thanks, Lord Arzan.” He gave a small nod to Malden, as they all walked out of the room together.

Kai stayed back, deep in thought about the mercenaries he just hired. This could go either way, but he had hoped his decision wouldn't be something he would regret.

***

The Rusty Pickaxe Inn was more silent than usual. Only two tables were full and one of them was occupied by a group of mercenaries not native to the city.

Gorak grunted as he nursed a tankard of ale. Beside him, Raven fiddled with her dagger, her brows furrowed in thought.

"That Lord Arzan," she muttered, her voice barely a whisper. "There's something… strange about him."

Finn, the more talkative of the twins, piped up. "Strange how he knew about your little green friend, eh Raven? Not exactly common knowledge, elf customs and all that."

Raven shot him a withering look. "It has a name called Jata, and it doesn't like to be called 'little.' But you're right," she admitted, her voice low. "It's unusual. Most mages wouldn't even notice, let alone be so… accepting. Jata was happy with his mana."

She rolled her eyes at the end of her sentence, not happy with how her spirit reacted to Arzan.

Gorak rumbled in agreement. "Yes, there's something off about him. The village we passed through said he killed off a goblin lord and defended against a necromancer. Even on the way to the estate, we noticed food getting distributed. All these events are starkly opposite what we heard of him back in Kingsreach.”

The twins leaned in, eyes wide with curiosity. It was normal for them to enjoy gossip. Finn asked, "So, what do you think he is, then? Some secret persona in disguise? We also heard he's behind the production of Heat stones. That puts some credibility to him."

“We don't know if he's actually the creator of it. All we know, is it might be a ruse to gain reputation.”

Their conversation was abruptly interrupted by a man walking towards them with plates full of food.

Anson, the burly innkeeper, his apron stained with years of spilt ale, leaned over the table and put the food down.

He didn't leave right away, looking at the faces of the mercenaries. "Talking about Lord Arzan, are we?" he asked, a twinkle in his eye.

The mercenaries exchanged startled glances. Gorak cleared his throat. “Yes. We're… Starting a job for him soon."

Anson chuckled, a sound like thunder rolling across a distant mountain range. “I have seen more and more stuff about him pop up recently. He had gained a reputation, but you know like everything, rumours are mixed in with the truth. Hard to tell what's a lie and what's not. If you want, I could tell you all about him. I have been in the city since I was a little boy and every conversation happens in my inn,” he said and before Gorak could speak, Anson wagged a finger in front of his face. “For a good price obviously. As you see, business hasn't been great recently.”

The mercenaries exchanged another glance, a mixture of scepticism and curiosity warring on their faces.

Finally, Raven spoke. “How much would that be?”

“One gold coin.”

She frowned, and so did the others, but looking at the innkeeper's face and the feeling the curiosity gnawing at the back of their minds, she shared a look with Gorak.

“Alright, get to it,” Gorak said annoyingly as he passed him a shining gold coin.

Anson quickly shifted his smile to a neutral mask as he pocketed the coin. “Well….” He started, covering everything that had happened since the start of Frosania.

***

The moon hung bright in the night sky, providing light on the training grounds.

Kai, his form a blur of motion, practised his spear techniques in the empty field.

Sweat beaded on his brow, and his breath barely made it outside his lungs, but he pushed himself harder.

He turned his spear to the side, angled it thirty degrees to the ground and pushed it forward. His actions halted as his eyes came to his form.

Need to focus on my feet.

Kai told himself. His knees shaking, unable to stay in the same position as this was the thirtieth time he practised the same form.

He stood back straight and this time, envisioned the twisting tunnels of the monster nest. The image of a larvae charging up at him came to his mind.

He lunged forward, the spear to his front and put it on the ground, rolling around it for a kick before backing up.

Successful in the form of the attack, he smiled. With a swift launch to the side, he grabbed the spear again and started thrusting it forward, to his sides, and even to different angles that Killian had taught him.

Imagining the larvae or any monster was a visualisation technique he had often used with his spells. Now, it was the same with his spear forms.

Just thinking of himself fighting a larvae with the spear was a good practice for him even without any targets.

Back in his training days, there used to be mana puppets that would be used to take the form and shape of monsters for a mock battle. Apparently, they were made by an artefact left by a Magus like him hundreds of years back who had been a genius at making different types of devices.

As he practised, he wondered if he could build it up, but he didn't even know where to start. At most, he could make up training golems once he got better at it.

Just one more time. The last form!

Kai took a deep breath, moving to practice a defence form, but then, he paused.

Suddenly, a strange sensation prickled at the edges of his senses. He stopped mid-thrust, his spear held high, a feeling of unease settling in his gut.

His eyes darted around the moonlit clearing, perking up his ears and mana to pinpoint what he was looking for.

"Show yourself!” his voice echoed in the silence.

He briefly wondered if it was a guard that had ventured to the training groups whose eyes he had felt, but that didn't seem likely. Killian was a hard taskmaster and he doubted any of them had strength left after the evening training sessions.

Even after a while minute, only silence answered him, broken by the rustle of leaves and crickets chirping.

But Kai remained vigilant, a knot of tension tightening in his chest.

He raised his gaze, scanning the branches of the towering oak tree at the edge of the clearing.

Sending out his mana in the surroundings to check for any signatures he could pick up, he smiled before making his way towards the tree.

“Who is it?” He asked once again. “If you don't come out, I'm going to burn the whole tree down to a crisp.”



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 4.5k! Close to 4800. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





15 chapter patreon announcement!


Hello everyone, thanks for loving Magus Reborn so much. I know it's very late, but I'm happy to announce that you can now read up to 15 advance chapters on patreon for Magus Reborn now.

The tier for it would cost 10 dollars and it's called Adept Mage.

The first book is already completed on patreon and I have already started book 2 there, so if anyone wants to read up, you can subscribe. If you want a link to it, simply scroll down to the authors note.

Again, thank you for your support on the novel. We have nearly reached 5k followers and it's huge thing for a new author like me!



A note from Extra26



Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





45. A desert dweller


A note from Extra26





The Wanderer



Life's looking up for Jon, 25, an engineer and recent $100 million lottery winner. Past trauma? Check. Successful business? Check. Mom's pride and moving on from a terrible break up? Double check. What could possibly go wrong?

Cut to a casual walk to his job turned interdimensional abduction, and Jon's plunged into a world straight out of the xianxia novels he used to mock. Now, he's dodging murder-hobo cultivators and arrogant young masters with a penchant for "You Dare!" challenges.

But Jon's got zero interest in being a part of 'magical China'—his real life was just getting good. Worst of all? He's been summoned as sacrifice fodder for the heavenly demon. A botched escape attempt later, Jon's inadvertently killed the only man who knew how to send him back.

With dark humor and a dash of desperation, Jon navigates this bizarre world, determined to find his way home before fate decides he's the next big villain in this absurd fantasy saga.



* * *





This story is really just me having fun with a mix of everything - comedy( a good amount of it), slice of life, action, xianxia, world-building, and character-driven narratives. I have a soft spot for MCs with heavy pasts who struggle to find their footing, and that's exactly what you'll find here.

Expect a weak-to-strong, somewhat slow-burn tale where a lot of elements are introduced and explained as you journey along. I loved writing this, and I sincerely hope you'll love reading it.

-Ace





Kai walked towards the tree, his spear straight ahead, looking out for anyone who jumped out at him. Sweat slicked his brow from his previous session, but with a cast of a [Refresh] spell, he felt much better.

He got to the trunk of the tree and stared at the branches, trying to make out a figure and the next second, a ball of flames appeared in his left hand.

“Come out right now or you will be burned!” He said, giving out a final warning.

Not even a second later, he felt someone slipping on the branches as a figure fell down, nearly hitting Kai who took a step back. With a loud thud, a man groaned as his back hit the ground.

All anger and tension left Kai as he blinked at the man who rubbed his back. If he was an assassin, he was a clumsy one who would be killed in his first mission by dropping from a rooftop because he had missed a step.

As he wondered if he should cast a binding spell, he blinked his eyes, noticing the familiar features of the man.

Huh?

He was Ansel, the tall man with slightly curvy hair and tanned skin that had accompanied them during their Vermal Larvae encounter. Back then, he had introduced himself as a traveller, but Kai doubted that was the case.

His breath started slowly calming down and his previous guarded expression eased.

But before he could say anything, Ansel dropped into a crouch position, his movements surprising Kai.

Kai stepped forward, the tip of the spear finding its mark against Ansel’s shoulder, just enough to startle and unbalance him. The traveller stumbled back, throwing his hands up in surrender. His eyebrows raised in surprise.

‘“Wait! Lord Arzan. I’m no assassin!”

“You can’t assassinate me even if you try to. What are you doing here, at this hour of the day?” Kai inquired, his voice heavy with authority.

Ansel smiled at his first words and Kai wondered what he was happy about, causing his expression to strain.

“If you don’t answer me immediately, I will call the guards and you can give a visit to the castle cell.”

Kai pushed the tip of the spear closer to his neck. He felt no apparent threat from Ansel, but he had seen enough in his short live to know that humans were good actors.

“No need for such a pointy welcome, Lord Arzan. A friendly spar is all I’m after.”

“A friendly spar?” Kai kept the spear steady. “Trespassing in my training grounds at night hardly screams ‘friendly’ to me.”

Ansel groaned. “Fair enough,” he admitted, his grin fading slightly. “But your doorman wasn’t exactly receptive to my request for a challenge.”

“A challenge?” Kai frowned at his statement. He couldn’t understand why this man was the way he was. “You think you can just walk in here and demand a duel?”

Ansel straightened, his shoulders squaring. “Not a duel,” he said. “Just a chance to test myself against something of your strength. I’ve never faced a Mage before, you see. And when I said that to the guards, they threw me out, snickering.”

“Why don't you go to one of the Towers?”

“I did, but I was thrown out again and some kid cast a spell on me that made me vomit every time I ate for a week,” he said, his face turning grim at the experience. “I still kept close, witnessing their powers from time to time in a few monster-infested areas. But never crossed blades, or spells, with one. ‘Cause none of them seemed approachable.”

Whatever he heard was absurd. Kai couldn't feel anything extraordinary from the man. If there was something, he hid it too well, but if that was the case, he wouldn't be asking Kai for a spar.

Ansel was simply a normal person, albeit one who liked to trespass on a Mage's home at night.

“What if I accidentally hurt you?” Kai asked. “Or worse, kill you?”

Ansel’s usual grin returned, wider this time. “Then,” he said, a confident glint in his eyes. “I would be bested by someone with extraordinary skills.”

Kai sighed. A closed-lip smile tugged at the corner of his lips. Ansel had quite a bold mouth. He noticed it once when they first met, twice, when he wanted to go with them inside the mine, and now.

The third time’s the charm, I guess?

Thinking about his request, finding a decent sparring partner at this hour would be difficult. A part of him wanted to reject, but there was no reason to. Even if it’s a short spar, it’d be an ideal one to end Kai’s practice for the day.

“Alright, alright,” he conceded, lowering the spear slightly. “But are you sure that you want to spar with a Mage? Wouldn’t swordplay be more your style?”

Ansel shook his head. “No, I want to feel it. To see what it’s like to face your powers head-on.”

Taking a deep breath, Kai sheathed his spear and took two steps forward, getting closer to Ansel.

“Just a spar, remember? I’d do non-lethal spells, and we can keep it simple 1st circle magic only.”

Ansel’s grin widened, as he bobbed his head up and down.

Kai threw the spear that he was practising at him.

Ansel gripped it tightly.

“Ready?” Kai called out and the tanned man nodded.

Before Ansel could properly stand, Kai sent a wind vortex intensified with a whoosh, whipping a gust of air towards him.

He was caught off guard for a split second, and stumbled back a step, his eyes widening in surprise. But without wasting another heartbeat, he lunged forward.

“Umph!” Ansel let out a throaty grunt.

He used the wind’s momentum to propel himself into a spinning attack, Kai sidestepped just in time, the wind of Ansel’s spear blade moving past his ear.

That was close.

Kai briskly bent down, his hand extending as he flicked his wrist, launching another [Wind Gust].

Ansel’s eyes narrowed in concentration.

Before the gust could approach him, he stepped to the side and lunged forward, with the spear aiming at Kai.

Kai smoothly cast [Ice Slick]. The ground became slick and slippery, patches of it freezing in an instant.

Ansel’s plan to launch himself forward was defeated as he lost his footing, his spear skittering across the grass just out of reach.

As Ansel tried to find his balance, Kai sent a tiny [Fire Bolt] towards his ankle, aiming at the grass beneath it. He immediately jumped up, clutching his toe and stumbled back, away from the flames leaping after him.

With a wave of Kai's hand, the flames died immediately as both of them came to a halt.

“Well played, Lord Arzan,” he said, his eyes looking up in admiration. The usual grin stayed in the place, but it felt a bit different. “I didn't expect a Mage to be sneaky.”

Kai chuckled. He had only used a few spells, and the traveller was already on the floor. It wasn't to say Ansel hadn't fought well.

He was clearly experienced and taught well, but was inept against spells. If he was right, the tanned man had mostly spared against weapons and never encountered a spell, at least not a Mage's one.

“All is fair in a fun spar. In a fight, if you give your opponent too much time, you might regret it later. Wanna go another round?” Kai asked, looking back at the centre of the training grounds.

“I’m all good. I believe I underestimated the magic that people in this land wield. No wonder Mages are so respected.” He shook his head. “The wind tricks were quite refreshing actually. I wouldn't want to fight with you until I have a way to deal with them.”

Kai smiled. “And I underestimated you. Your spear work is decent, especially your form, and the agility— didn’t expect that. It's quite different from the one I have learnt.” Kai said and extended his hand.

The traveller took it up and stood up, shrugging off the dirt in his clothes.

As he did that, Kai again wondered about the origins of the man. He was clearly a foreigner, but his accent was quite usual, meaning he had lived in Lancephil Kingdom for a while.

Before Kai could speak to ask these questions, Ansel suddenly bowed low.

“What are you doing?” Kai asked, withdrawn from his sudden show of respect.

“Lord Arzan,” he said, a hint of desperation in his voice. “I overheard the guards talking about your expedition for the monster nest.”

Kai’s eyes narrowed. What does he want now?

"I know I'm just a stranger," Ansel continued, his voice earnest. "But I can handle myself with a spear, as you've seen. And considering your… fiery arsenal," he added with a grin, "a companion who can dodge a fireball or two might be helpful."

“Yes, you’ve proven your point. But, integrating you wouldn’t be a simple matter.”

Ansel straightened. “I understand, Lord Arzan. New faces can disrupt the established routines, creating friction with the guards.”

Kai nodded. His eyes went to the practice spear that was on the floor.

“But,” Ansel started talking before Kai could reply. “I have experience, years of it, facing monsters far worse than any guard in your keep. Beasts that I barely survived against by dodging under their claws.”

Kai thought for a moment. Ansel’s skill with the spear and the agility is impressive, but facing monsters was a whole different thing.

Questions started arising in Kai’s mind as he tried to find traces of lies in Ansel's face.

“What kind of beasts?”

“Erm. Wait,” Ansel spoke, more for himself than Kai and reached into a hidden pouch at his belt. He pulled out a small, leather bag.

“What’s that?” Kai questioned.

Kai’s curiosity faded as he untied the drawstring and put it out in front of him to gaze.

Inside the bag, there was a collection of trophies. Not the kind given to soldiers for their bravery, but the kind hunters collect as an achievement. Talon-like claw, several blackened teeth, a smooth, skull-like fragment polished to a disturbing gleam.

Staring at Ansel, Kai had one question. “Why?”

“Our clan,” he started explaining. “We believe in taking a piece of the enemy with us. A reminder of the battles we fought, the victories won. A way to make sure that they are never truly forgotten.”

“What clan?”

“Clan Torum of Ashari.”

Hearing that name, Kai blinked and tried to sense something out of Ansel again, but it was clear the man was normal.

Thinking back to the clans in the desert, practices such as these were traditions that went a long way.

The clans held a certain undeniable respect for the fallen enemy and it meant to carry a part of them with him as a reminder of the tough battle and what they had overcome.

He paused to study Ansel for a long moment. Several questions passed through his mind.

He wanted to attempt to take on the monster nest with the guards. But was it worth the risk with their current numbers? Would Ansel be worth it? How much can a single man contribute? But again, this man knew how to fight.

Moreover, Kai was curious to know more about the clans even if it was general information and not their techniques that might help Killian and the others.

Kai nodded slowly. Breaking the silence, he said, “Report to Killian tomorrow, first light. He’ll handle the logistics. ”

Ansel grinned widely and bowed again.

Without another worth, he grasped the low-hanging branch from before and hoisted himself back into the tree with a swift movement. A moment later, a rustle of leaves and a soft thud signalled that Ansel had descended on the other side of the wall.

Tightening night security wouldn’t be a bad idea after all. Kai thought to himself, grabbing the spear from the floor.

***

Actra leaned his back in the leather armchair. He sat hunched over a massive tome. The symbols drawn in it and the cursive writing had his sole attention as he read through the “Analysis of specialised elements of mana volume 3” by the Savant level Mage Sanglo Rason.

It was a book he had been trying to finish these days, hoping to finally make a breakthrough with a few spells. But from time to time, his eyes would linger on a letter sitting on a desk beside him.

He ignored it with full concentration and focused on his book.

As he turned a page with a thin strand of mana, a knock on the heavy door shattered the silence.

Actra sighed, placing a heavy bookmark on the page and shouted, “Enter.”

The door creaked open, revealing a young guard who gave a short bow.

“Mage Actra,” he started, his voice barely above a whisper. “I’m here to make a report about Lord Arzan.”

“Speak clearly, what is it?” Actra asked.

The guard cleared his throat. “Lord Arzan had cleared the bandits who were under Grekk the pulverizer recently. The city is celebrating it these days. The bandits were chained in the town square as a punishment…”

The guard started going into a detailed account of witnessing everything that happened with the mines. He also included the information about Erasmus and the Tradeheart Merchant Company, and what had happened with them.

All of them were still in the cells in the estate, waiting to be sent to the capital for a trial.

Once that was over, he moved to the mines and talked about the monster nest.

“And this nest,” Actra interjected. His hand placed on his chin, as he subtly leaned forward. “What is it exactly? What kind of monsters are there?”

“They say that there’s a vein of Atheum inside. And that the monsters are called Vermal larvae. They’re strongly attracted to the mana stones, and the rumour that’s spreading is if we don’t do something about it, they will break out and start to attack the villages that are close to the mines. I don’t know the information in detail, like about the expedition that Lord Arzan is planning. I believe only Knight Killian and Administrator Francis would be privy to it.”

Actra’s gaze narrowed at the last words.

If anything, the estate’s resident Mage should know about this information. He wasn't even being asked about the monsters, so it meant that Arzan wasn't trusting him with anything and treating him like he didn't exist.

Actra shook his head as his eyes went to the letter on the desk.

The parchment had its seal broken, wide opened, a little crunched by how Actra had been reading it in the morning.

Frowning, he waved his hand in dismissal. The guard nodded and left the room immediately.

Once he was all alone, his hand went to the paper again, his eyes skimming over the letters.

It was a long letter, consisting of more than a few things, but the main crux of it was simple.

“Keep a close eye on Arzan and report back. Find out his level of strength even if it means stepping on a few boundaries,” Actra muttered, his face straining as he kept looking at it for a long time.



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 4.8k! Close to 5000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





46. The Black Sheep (1)


A note from Extra26





The Unmaker



* * *



“Eat the bug first. Then we’ll talk.”



Everyone is deathly afraid of insects, including fourteen year-old Dahlia. When colossal insects known as the Swarm descended from the stars to invade the world, they brought with them untold carnage and disaster, terraforming the world to suit their adaptations. A hundred years later, the surface world is nigh-inhospitable to humans. The Swarm rules, and anyone who tries to defy them ends up crushed underfoot.



Dahlia has never seen the sun. From birth, she has lived in an underground town and was taught how to exterminate giant insects, but she wants nothing to do with them. She fears them more than anything else in the world and has no interest in them being alive. If she could just spend every day coasting through her fighting classes and grow up to be the best insect gear maker in town, she would be more than happy enough… that is, until a Swarm cocoon falls through the ceiling and crashes in the center of her town.



Afraid or not, weak or strong, this is kill or be killed. Eat or be eaten. To survive the Swarm, she must make do with what she has—and unmake everything standing in her way.



* * *



Expect: A dark gear-based system apocalypse progression containing violence, trauma, gore, corpse crafting, and lots of creepy crawlies. Dahlia gets the system very early on in chapter one, and there are classes and attributes and ‘levels’, but the story is more character centric and LitRPG-lite in Volume One. The full system and the wider world will play a bigger role in Volume Two.



Uploads Monday, Wednesday, and Friday!



Tags: Action, Fantasy, Horror, Psychological, Female Lead, LitRPG, Post-Apocalyptic, Progression, GameLit, Grimdark, High Fantasy, Mythos





Kai struggled to open his eyes.

He could feel his sweaty palms clasped together as he tried to breathe and the dust that caught his breath in his throat.

Finally, after what seemed like an endless struggle, he managed to open his eyes, flinching at the sudden noise from the familiar door.

His eyes adjusted to the dim light as they raked over the broken furniture strewn around him. The door. The broken shelves, the disorganised library. The thrum that came through the cold floor.

It all came crashing back as he tried to understand what was happening. He squeezed his eyes shut, panic coiling in his gut.

Wait… What?

Opening them again, he took in the surroundings, realising that he was back to the confines he had painstakingly survived in before finding the spell to go back in time.

It was the underground library of the Sorcerer's Tower.

It shook beneath his body as all sorts of possibilities ran through his mind.

Did Arzan’s soul return to his body, and I’m stuck here, once again? Is the ritual I did reserved itself …This can’t be happening!

He tried to inhale deeply to calm his raging heart. He coughed as the dust hit his lungs immediately. With dust particles, he sensed something. Something that made him widen his eyes in tremor.

Another tremor hit the room and he looked towards the door, knowing that any moment monsters would spring up inside.

He instinctively touched his eye and felt relieved that it was there. Last time, a mana fiend had gouged it out. But this time— he couldn't let it happen. Whatever this was, wasn’t going to end like last time.

I need to prepare spells before they come in.

He forced himself to remember the chant, the flow of mana he needed to unleash a spell. But the words stuck in his throat, choked by a rising tide of terror.

The spell structure was clearly in his mind, as he had practised the same spell over and over during his time under the tutelage of his master and the battles he had been in.

He tried his best to say it out loud. His willpower gripping at every attempt. But, no matter how much he tried to get it out of his throat, he couldn’t.

W-why can't I form the spell structure and chant it out?!

He extended his arm and turned his focus to a simple spell. After what seemed like several excruciating minutes, a spell structure started slowly forming.

“A—” he opened his mouth, a sound barely audible coming out. He tried his best to focus on the simple [Firebolt] incantation that he might have said a thousand times before.

“Firebolt!” he hissed in pain.

The words fell into oppressive silence.

Nothing. No surge of power. No whispered magic ignited at his fingertips. And the usual ecstatic feeling of mana he felt whenever he cast a spell was… Nowhere to be found.

Looking around the room once again, he realised what was wrong. There was no mana in the air and he felt weak. His throat was parched. He had found himself in the era where mana had become the scarcest resource and the reality of it was finally settling in.

As he hunched his shoulders, a sound took his attention.

A gravelly chuckle intonated through the room. It disturbed him from the horror of his spell not working.

“K-Kai…,” the voice rasped out.

Kai whipped his head around, spotting a lone figure amidst the chaos of the room.

An old man, his beard and hair as white as the falling dust, sat slumped against a fallen pillar. He wore flowing robes, richly embroidered once, now stained with dark, spreading crimson. A smoothly curved dagger protruded from his chest, its tip glistening ruby red.

Kai squinted his eyes, praying to almighty goddess Luminous that it shouldn’t be who he thought it was.

But it is, I know it’s him.

His palms were flat on the dusty floor, and he tried to lift himself. But, his legs soon gave up. Helplessness. Pain. He could feel them everywhere, in his heart, mind, and even in the numbness of his body.

But the image of his master lying there a few feet away made him scramble towards the old man, ignoring the eating fear in his gut.

Gathering all the willpower, his knees dragged him across the floor.

“Master!” his voice echoed.

His master’s face was wrinkled with all the years of experience. His lips curled to a displeasing look. His eyes were staring at Kai.

Kai’s hands reached out, hovering uselessly over the old man’s blood-soaked form.

"Hold on, I'll heal you… just need a light mend…" His voice trailed off, a sickening realisation dawning.

The magic that pulsed through his veins in the previous body – gone. Here he was helpless as a newborn. It washed over him in a wave, cold and bitter, threatening to drown him.

It- It can’t be. I’ve to save him somehow.

The old man coughed, a wet, rattling sound. "Disappointing, Kai," he rasped, his voice weak. "Always disappointing."

Kai's stomach clenched. "No! I'll heal you, I swear! Just…" his voice broke. Just what? He couldn't explain the impotence that held him like a vice.

"No healing," the old man wheezed, his gaze locking with Kai's. "Even a hundred lifetimes wouldn't be enough. You were my greatest failure, Kai. You got me killed once, and here you are again, fumbling like a child."

Kai wanted to scream, to deny it.

But the accusation struck a familiar chord, a chilling echo of his mind whispers he'd sometimes heard during training when he was still a student.

Another bone-shattering blow resonated through the tower. The old man's smile turned grim. "Have you fulfilled your promise, then?"

"I… I'm working on it!" Kai stammered, desperation clawing at his throat.

"Working on it," the old man mocked, his voice gaining a tinge of its former strength. "Never enough, Kai. Never enough. You'll disappoint me again, just like always."

A slow, chilling smile spread across his face. The wrinkles around his eyes crinkled. It was a smile Kai recognized. A smile that sent shivers down his spine.

He didn’t want his master to die. No, not again. He tried to focus on his breathing, on his mana, on anything that could increase his power. Gain his power!

Before he could even retry, POP! He muffled his ears from his hands as the noise was too loud to bear. The old man was gone. His master was–

The realisation hit him, the pain of it was worse than a physical blow.

All the memories of his time during the academy rushed one after another. The guilt was heavy on his chest. He couldn’t save him.

The door that was in the corner of the room started shaking violently. Someone pounding it with all their might. A relentless drumbeat urged him to get himself up and confront the monsters that were outside the door.

THUD THUD THUD!!

The door didn’t creak open. It shattered inwards this time, a splintered explosion that sent the broken shelves flying.

Blinding light flooded the room again.

Kai flinched back, throwing his arm up to shield his eyes.

He jolted awake. His fist clenched, and a strangled gasp tore from his throat. Cold sweat slicked his skin, chilling him, despite having Heat stones in his room.

Scrambling out of bed, he landed on his knees by the side of the cot, chest heaving with adrenaline. His heart hammered a wild tattoo against his ribs, slowly calming as he scanned the familiar surroundings of his room.

A subtle daylight streamed through the window, bathing the furnishings in a soft glow. The air smelled faintly of woodsmoke and parchment, the comforting scent of his room.

Slowly, he realised what had happened.

It was just a dream. A damned, recurring nightmare, but a dream nonetheless.

Kai cursed under his breath, wiping the sweat from his brow.

He hadn't thought of his master in a while. Yet, for as long as he could remember, these nightmares had followed him, a relentless echo of his past. For years. It had similar nightmares.

An unwelcome image flickered in his mind– his master, crumpled against the stone, blood streaking across his robes. The faint breath heaving up and down his chest and the exact moment, Kai knew it would stop.

Stop!

Kai pushed the image away with a grimace.

A sharp rapping on his door cut through the remnants of his dream. Kai flinched, surprised by the intrusion.

He shook off the lingering echoes of his master's spectral words as a gentle knock at the door startled him. "Come in," he shouted, trying to appear as normal as possible.

The door creaked open, revealing Claire's familiar face. Her usual warm smile was tinged with a hint of concern seeing him stand up from the position on the floor. It could also be due to how he was drenched in sweat.

“Good morning, Claire,” he said, not missing the look in her eyes that stayed despite his greeting. “Did something happen?”

Claire nodded. "Breakfast is ready, Lord Arzan," she said softly. "And… Lord Actra is there too today."

***

As soon as Kai had walked inside, Killian and Francis silently grabbed their seats where the maids had already arranged the table with food. Actra was already seated just as Claire had told him.

The scent of freshly baked bread and frizzling meat greeted him, a welcome assault on his five senses. The mismatched collection of furniture that served as their dining area seemed to be overly quiet today.

There, at the head of the table, sat Actra.

His usually pristine robes, as Kai encountered when he had first met him were rumpled, his silver hair escaping its customary braid in a few unruly strands. His green eyes— they were on him.

Even from a distance, Kai could see faint lines of exhaustion around his eyes.

He had been putting his energy into something recently. Maybe that’s why he was here. Or it could be something else. Trying not to make assumptions, Kai sat down after everyone greeted him.

Beside him, sat Francis and Killian. Their folks hovered mid-air, stealing furtive glances at Kai.

Killian quickly withdrew himself from the rigid stance and munched on the bread slowly. Francis’s eyes urged Kai to say something— or do something about the man sitting at the same table as them.

As an experienced administrator, he very well knew there was a reason Actra was here.

Kai grabbed a chipped mug. He poured himself a steaming cup of tea, the earthy aroma calming his frayed nerves.

What could this man possibly want? Kai couldn’t help but think.

"Rare to see you out of your dusty old tomes, Mage Actra," he said. The pointed comment hung heavy in the air.

Actra smiled, his lips curling slightly upwards. “It's been a while, hasn't it? Felt the need to, shall we say, broaden my horizons." His gaze flicked towards Claire, who busied herself refilling mugs with a practised air of obliviousness. "Besides," he added, his voice dropping to a low tone, "wanted to see your progress firsthand. Wouldn't want you to stray from the path as from my knowledge, you don't have a master."

Kai raised an eyebrow, the meat he'd grabbed halfway to his mouth forgotten. His mind ran hundreds of miles on possibilities of what this all could be about.

Is he trying to become my master? Just the thought of him was enough to make him shiver.

Though he hadn't read a ton of books written by Mages of this era since it was hard to get his hands on one, he doubted Actra could teach him anything before the 5th circle.

“I don't, but I'm doing fine without one. I wouldn't want to be subjected to lectures on magic theories all day in a confined space. I'm making decent progress without anyone to teach me.” He took a large bite of the meat, the snap echoing in the tense silence.

Actra's smile faltered for a brief moment. His lips turned to a thin line as he sipped the tea.

"Progress comes in many forms, Lord Arzan. Not everything is brute strength and flashy spells,” he said calmly. “You might have access to spells from your family, but they aren't what makes a true Mage.”

“What does?”

“An eye to look into the wide world and to pluck away at its mysteries. Even an apprentice can defeat a few primal monsters.”

“Can they? I don't think spending hours in a room would give battle experience.”

For the next ten minutes, Kai and Actra talked like that, their faces smiling, but their eyes growing colder by the second.

Killian kept giving a shaky glance at both of them as they continued and finally, Kai's patience ran low.

He slammed his mug down on the table, the clatter echoing in the room.

“Alright, enough of this masked dance," he said sternly. "We both know you wouldn't come crawling out of your room for a simple breakfast. What brings you here?"

Actra met his gaze head-on. Something unreadable in his old eyes. He set down his mug and leaned backwards in his chair.

“Your way of talking has worsened and you have lost respect for me, Arzan. Either way, I'm here because I heard of your expedition and I was wondering…” he paused, taking a deep breath, "If I could perhaps… accompany you."



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 4.8k! Close to 5000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





47. The Black Sheep (2)


A note from Extra26





The Science of Cultivation [Xianxia]



While most cultivators were scratching their heads as they pondered how to advance to the next realm, Li Lang was busy systematically studying the mechanics of cultivation.

Scientist Langley Seiker has always dreamed about immortality. Reincarnating into a world of cultivation, it is no longer a dream except for the fact that he has no talent. However, through a chance encounter, he gains access to his familiar laboratory that will allow him to study the wonders of cultivation.

Not even the heavens will know what fate has in store for Li Lang as he systematically unravels not only how to cultivate, but also various crafts such as refining pills and inscribing talismans. Preparation is key to surviving in the merciless world of cultivation, especially for those with no talent.



Expectations:

- Detailed study of each stage of cultivation and crafting

- Not technology vs cultivation, science will be used to study cultivation

- No harem

- Slow burn progression. MC won’t be skipping through cultivation ranks at record speed

- Weak to Strong



Release Schedule:

5x weekly (M-F)

Releases around 6:30 PM EST / 3:30 PM PST



Click here to join the Discord Server





Actra’s pronouncement hung in the air, heavy and unexpected.

Kai stared at him, a strangled laugh bubbling in his throat. Accompany him? The very idea was ludicrous.

“What do you mean?” Kai asked, unsure of what he heard.

Actra, his composure straight and calm at his statement, raised an eyebrow. “Are you surprised?” he inquired, a hint of amusement dancing in his green eyes.

Kai nodded, maintaining his own demeanour.

“Why would you want to go with us even though you’ve barely stepped outside your room? I remember when the mana weaver appeared, a few guards went to get you but you kicked them out saying that you can’t be bothered with it. Why now?”

Kai looked at him with a neutral expression, not one part of him believed that Actra had any good intentions. He wanted to refuse straightaway, but he waited for the old Mage's next words.

“You are right about that, but it's not the same thing here. I also recently realised I haven't been acting well as your retainer. Spending my time on simply researching can become monotonous, so I wanted to join this expedition,” he said, eating up a piece of bread.

Kai struggled not to roll his eyes. Although he could accept that the research was monotonous, he knew Mages could stay holed up in their rooms for years. Ancient Mages he had read about were all about that and it was only in his time that they had avoided every kind of research and became more adventurers, trying to survive against the fiends.

Shaking that memory off, Kai simply shook his head, “Mage Actra, although I understand what you are saying, it still doesn't prompt me to agree to your request. You would be better off staying behind to prepare for any threats that might befall on the city when we are gone.”

Actra snorted at that, a bit of his facade dropping, but he still maintained his smile. “The city will have guards left behind to deal with it. It doesn't require me. Moreover, I also want to come for your safety.”

“My safety?”

“Yes, you might think coming out on top with a few bandits and a low grade necromancer is a big deal, but it's really not for a Mage. You have done well for yourself, but a Grade 4 larvae queen is an entirely different being. You might be able to deal with its children, but the queen itself would be an entity no Mage below 3rd circle can go against without losing their lives.”

Kai didn't argue. Actra's words did make sense since a Grade 4 monster was something entirely different, being able to command a small army. Among them, a larvae queen was a force to reckon with.

Even with his fighting experience and barrage of spells, he wasn't entirely confident of taking it on without leaving the guard's faith to their own hands.

At most, he would come out on top with a lot of casualties. Due to it, he was even desperately trying to make a breakthrough, but he wasn't there yet.

Maybe, it was sensing Kai's internal struggle, but Actra pushed on, “If you don't know, back in my days as a young Mage, I led an expedition into one of these nests, fighting off a Grade 3 heretical beetle myself. I am confident that among us I would be able to take on the queen much better.”

Kai raised an eyebrow, trying to find any deceit or exaggeration on his face, but there was nothing. Although he had a bit of information on Actra, he didn't know his fighting strength since he had never even seen him use a spell.

Still, it wasn't a far fetched notion.

Seeing that Kai wasn't going to say anything, Actra continued, “Think a bit about the guards you are bringing too. Everyone knows the last time you went on an expedition, almost half of the guards returned as corpses. No matter what, there would be unease with just you around. It wasn't one necromancer this time, it's a whole nest of monstrous insects.” Actra paused for a breath, trying to see any tremors behind his calm expression.

Finding nothing, he raised two fingers. “One Mage might be okay, but it's not enough to give a sense of security. Two Mages however, that's an entirely different tale.”

After saying that, Actra finished his breakfast with a flourish, pushing his plate away with a decisive click. "Don't worry, Arzan," he said, his voice laced with a hint of amusement. "Think about it. No need for a hasty decision. Consider it… my duty."

With that, he rose from the table, his robes swishing around him like a storm cloud. The weight of his presence lingered in the room even after he departed, leaving Kai to stare at the bread of conflicting emotions and a tactical dilemma.

Actra's offer hung in the air and he had no idea what to do with it. Kai was sure he wasn't offering to come for his security.

Instead, it was probably to keep an eye on him and gauge his abilities better. Also, to confirm the presence of Atheum in the mines.

Still, Kai felt conflicted, frowning as he finished his breakfast.

***

Kai stared at the book sitting in the library, the imprint of Actra's form still faintly visible in his mind. They had finished breakfast a while ago and he had walked into his study, intending to read more into golems when he found himself pondering over Actra’s words.

Over and over. In repetition.

If this was some other time, he wouldn’t have even let this man take over his worries, but now— with a huge expedition coming up, his mind was elsewhere.

Actra’s words were true. If anything, extra support would only bring them extra assurance. Yet, the logic of it clawed his skin— the hidden intentions behind Actra’s proposition was apparent.

Deciding that he needed to talk to someone about it, he pushed himself back from the table and immediately walked towards the grounds where Killian was putting the guards through their paces.

Due to Killian’s strict morning routine, Kai knew this was when he trained new Enforcers and soldiers. His personal spear training was scheduled for the evening.

Passing maids and a few guards, he entered the ground.

Spotting Killian, Kai strode towards him, trying to not show the frown etched on his face.

"Killian," he called out, his voice heavy with thought. As soon as he heard it he straightened, wiping sweat from his brow. “Have time for a word?"

Killian nodded immediately, following Kai to a secluded corner of the grounds. "What's the matter, Lord Arzan?" he asked, looking at him.

Kai hesitated, then blurted out, "Actra."

Killian's eyebrows shot up in surprise. "Mage Actra? What about him?"

"His offer," Kai simply said. “What do you think about it?”

Killian took more than a second before speaking, “It makes sense. Two Mages are always better than one, especially facing something like a Grade 4 monster. I haven't fought something like that before, much less the guards who hardly even fight against goblins. Having another experienced Mage would certainly ease their hearts."

Kai scoffed. “I understand that, but doesn't it feel off? Actra didn't even help out during the weaver situation.”

Killian fell silent, his gaze dropping to the ground. "Well," he began slowly, seeming to choose his words carefully. "Perhaps a little. But Mage Actra is skilled from what I know. It would be rude to turn him down."

"Rude?" Kai chuckled a solemn sound. "Maybe. But sometimes you have to be."

Killian flinched slightly. "Right," he muttered. "Though, Mage Actra was close with you back in the day, wasn't he, Lord Arzan? I don't understand why you are on guard against him."

Kai’s face remained neutral. "He was," Kai lied. Maybe they were close, but he had no idea how close. "But things change."

Killian kept silent, clearly not understanding what was going on. He simply questioned after a point, “Is there something that I should know about Lord Arzan?”

“Yes, but it's not the time for it. Even if I want to reveal it, there's no proof,” Kai admitted. A part of him wanted to get Actra locked up, but not until he had sufficient proof and strength to defend against him. “For now, I simply want to know what you think of him being on the expedition?”

It was only after a minute that Killian spoke, looking like he was under a lot of pressure. “I believe it would be a lot of help. From what I know, Mage Actra definitely had experience with monsters and it would come in handy against the queen. I don't think anyone like him would try anything in the middle of a nest of larvae,” he said, taking a short pause to look at Kai's expression. “But if you think there's something wrong, then we are good to go on our own. I will trust your judgement. I don't think Mage Actra would take it to heart since he hardly leaves his room.”

Kai was about to nod in agreement when a glint sparked in his eyes.

He thought back to the last sentence Killian had said. Maybe, he had been looking at it wrong the entire time. He knew Actra was coming to keep an eye on him, but it was also an opportunity to finally get done with him as a threat.

If he didn't seize it now, he would be hard pressed.

"No," Kai announced, a sly smile playing on his lips. "He needs to come."

Killian stared at him, a bewildered frown creasing his forehead. "He… needs to come?"

"Exactly," Kai said, his voice brimming. "I have a plan."

***

A week later, horses whinnied impatiently, their leather tack gleaming with polish. A few guards fetched them from the stables. Packs bulged with supplies, carefully curated for the perils ahead and a tense excitement crackled in the air.

A few of the front-row guards, looking grim and determined, oversaw the final preparations under Killian’s supervision.

On the side, Ansel was talking to a guard, his voice pitched up in laughter due to a conversation that passed between them.

Feroy stood behind Killian as a deputy to help him straighten everything out before they leave.

Even the mercenaries seem to share a weird tension around them. They stood in a loose group, their weathered weapons glinting ominously. Raven was discussing things with Gorak, her eyes carefully scanning through the guards, while Finn and Finnigan were engaged with a few horses, feeding them grains.

Kai stood at the front, his spear in his hand. He was checking the sharp edges of the weapon Killian specifically chose for him.

Soon, he placed the butt of the weapon on the ground as it stood beside him. His eyes moved to the guards preparing the horses.

They should be ready soon enough.

As he stood there, he heard footsteps and turning his head, he saw a figure emerge from the direction of the manor house.

Actra, his robes billowing slightly in the breeze, approached with a confident stride. His wrinkly green eyes flickered across the assembled group, a hint of amusement playing on his lips.

"Made the right choice, Lord Arzan," he said. His eyes glinted like he knew Kai would let him come.

Once again, Kai pushed down the urge to roll his eyes at this man’s oblivious attitude. Behind that smile on his lips, Kai knew there was something.

But now was no time to think.

“Certainly made the right choice,” he repeated the same words, in a whisper, almost to himself.



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 4.8k! Close to 5000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





48. Larvae nest (1)


A note from Extra26



Book 1 of The Insect Sovereign is out on Amazon and KU.





The Insect Sovereign: An Isekai LitRPG Xianxia Story



In a mystical cultivation world, Elliot, reborn as Lei Yan, seizes redemption after losing his life for the second time. Presented with an extraordinary opportunity while dying with regret, he must prove himself to the system by surviving and completing a very dangerous mission as a small mosquito in a world filled with god-like creatures.

Starting his journey as a weak mortal larva, Lei Yan evolves through various never seen legendary insect species accompanied by his loyal Army and Sect. He strives to reach the top becoming the Sovereign of all insects, and eventually the world.

[System - Cultivation - Quests - Evolution - Professions]

Book 1 is stubbed on Amazon/KU! Here is the Link





The continuous clop of hooves echoed through the dusty plains as Kai and the rest made their way towards the vermal larvae occupied mines.

Kai was having conversations with Actra from time to time about what they were about to encounter. His details were accurate and efficient so that Actra would know how to go with it. He already looked forward to seeing the old Mage's powers first hand.

Kai’s hold tightened around the horse’s lead rope.

“I sent a scout down there so we would know what exactly we’re dealing with. The scout's report mentioned a segmented nest," Kai explained. "Multiple chambers, like a twisted beehive."

Actra, his face unreadable beneath the shade of his hood, nodded slowly. "Logical for such creatures.”

“The main entrance we saw earlier is likely just the tip of the iceberg,” Kai continued, his gaze fixed on the horizon where a plume of smoke billowed into the sky. It was probably coming from the settlements where a few guards were stationed. "The Queen will be holed up in one of the deeper chambers, surrounded by her eggs. We'll need to clear out the lesser larvae first, but that's where things get tricky."

He paused, glancing at Finn and Finnigan who rode behind them. Their faces were neutral, the nervousness was no longer there. Kai soon brought his attention to Actra. "These things are fast, agile. Engaging them in a prolonged fight could be disastrous. The less harm that we bear, the better for us."

Actra nodded. "Leave the crowd control to me, then," he said, his voice was weary due to his age but firm. "I can create a barrier, effectively pinning them down for a short time window."

Kai nodded.

“Maybe [Stasis],” Actra said again. “Whatever the situation calls for.”

Kai’s eyebrows raised. "[Stasis]? That's an advanced spell.”

“You underestimate me if you think I can't do such a spell.” Actra looked at Kai. The hood didn’t cover his lips, which had turned to a faint smile. “Besides, down there, we won't have many options. Would need to do what we can to lower their numbers.”

Kai nodded. He would need to reach at least another circle to be able to do such a spell. Knowing how much mana it costs, even if he could, he didn’t want to spend it all before they could encounter the queen.

"And the Queen... how do you plan to handle her?" Actra inquired. "The queen relies on a heightened sense of mana perception instead of sight. We'll be at a disadvantage the moment we get close to her, unlike the larvae. She’ll feel it, and it won't be pretty."

Kai straightened in his saddle.

"I'll deal with her myself," he declared, his voice leaving no room for argument. "My experimental spells are designed to disrupt her mana flow, leaving her vulnerable to a killing blow.” He rethought everything he had planned after scouts got the information he needed. “If there's anything you can do to assist…"

The sentence hung unfinished in the air.

Actra stared at him for a long, lingering moment. He looked like he was surprised. He finally pursed his lips together. "Very well," his voice was neutral. "I will try and back you up whenever necessary."

Kai nodded curtly.

They moved forward without any words. The mine openings were miles away. And, it wouldn’t take long for them to reach their destination at the pace that they were going.

***

The mine opening loomed over them. They arrived earlier than planned.

Kai dismounted, his face grim as he surveyed the scene.

He gathered everyone around him, his voice echoing in the silence. "Listen up," he said. "The scout's report was seen by you all. We're dealing with a multi-chambered nest. Actra will take point, using a shield to block off their charge. If need arrives, he will use a stasis field to control the lesser larvae. It will hold them for a moment, enough for us to plan our attacks. We need to be swift and efficient— eliminate the smaller ones before they overwhelm us."

Kai explained knowing that some of the guards weren’t that knowledgeable about spells.

His gaze scanned the group, landing on the nervous faces of the guards. "Stay close, follow orders, and keep your eyes peeled. Once the shield goes up, eliminate any larvae that comes your way. Gorak, Raven, Finn and Finnigan, you're with me. We'll focus on breaking through any internal barriers and making our way towards the queen's chamber right after we attack the smaller ones."

A chorus of grunts and nods confirmed their understanding. The soldiers, Enforcers, mercenaries, Kai, Killian and Actra. They all had different things in mind, but one goal hovering their heads. Kai gestured to Killian and Actra, who moved to the front of the group.

As they moved towards the tunnel, he felt like the tension was thick like a blade hanging heavy in the air.

They entered and a surge of mana formed an orb of light in his palm. The darkness of the tunnel vanished in an instant.

Kai could finally see everyone’s faces. But the most interesting thing was Actra’s surprised look next to him.

“The structure of the spell is perfect. Remarkable mana usage, how did you-”

Kai cut him off with a curt shake of his head. "Practice," he said gruffly, casting the orb down the tunnel to illuminate the area.

It was not the time for explanations about his powers.

Kai could once again feel as if the mines were closing at them as it was an extremely narrow path for a party of their size.

But he kept his feelings for himself as he walked. The others were equally nervous, masking their thoughts with a grim face.

Kai saw their eyes keep looking around the small space.

Soon, they reached the slope entrance.

It had been sealed by a makeshift barricade to avoid any larvae coming out.

“Remove it,” Kai ordered.

Two guards from behind walked to the front and peeled it off.

He looked at Killian and noticed how the man’s stern face was on the dark slope beneath.

Anything can happen, but I need to end it as soon as possible, Kai thought to himself. If there was one thing he wanted, it was to finish their task at hand, while trying to keep every soldier alive.

If he could, he would have simply thrown poison bombs inside the nest and let the larvae die a slow death, but their bodies were immune to most types of poison. The only legitimate way to deal with them was to enter the nest.

He shook his negative thoughts as soon as they came and took a deep breath.

The guards already made way to tighten the rope on everyone and secure it around a few rocks they found inside the mines. They made easy knots on the ropes so that if they wanted, they could remove them to move freely.

The entire thing was planned beforehand, so they moved with efficiency.

They started their descent, the uneven ground slick with moisture and the oppressive stench of larvae filling their nostrils.

Kai sensed the mana fluctuation once again, this time even stronger.

The flickering light of Kai's orb danced across glistening tunnels and writhing tendrils, revealing the grotesque nature of the nest.

Finally, they reached the bottom, stepping into a vast chamber pulsating with a sickeningly bitter odour. From the shadows at the far end, a low rumble echoed, sending shivers down their spines.

Actra, his eyes gleaming with a strange light as he stared at the Atheum around the chamber, turned to Kai. “The Atheum here is in large quantities. No wonder such a huge nest got formed. If we can harvest it, the gains would be uncountable.”

Kai nodded curtly, his eyes locked on the distant shadows. "Then let's hope we can eradicate this nest efficiently," he said, his voice laced with a steely determination. "The Atheum can be harvested later."

A tense silence hung heavy in the chamber, broken only by the soft scrape of boots against the damp ground.

Suddenly, a cacophonous cry pierced the air, ripping through the hushed whispers. Kai's head snapped up, his gaze following the line of a guard's terrified scream.

On the slick ceiling, a writhing mass of segmented flesh detached itself, raining down a shower of glistening acid. It was a vermal larvae.

With a swift flick of his wrist, Actra conjured a shimmering barrier, deflecting the acidic projectile harmlessly to the side.

"Get on guard!" Kai’s voice echoed in the cavernous chamber. The guards started moving while removing the ropes with practised movements. Soon they took positions.

Beyond the shield, they saw more larvae crawling down. Their sickening acid goo was spat one after another, reaching every possible end of the shield. Their multifaceted eyes looked down on them.

They launched themselves as if they were looking at the guards as their next meal.

The Atheum’s glow showed their full figures. Inky black. Large eyes. Segmented body.

Ugh. They are ugly!

The guards all huddled behind Kai, waiting for his order.

Actra’s barrier kept the larvae from spitting acid straight at them and approaching closer.

“Anytime now, they’ll break the shield!” Actra yelled.

The acid that they spat was already melting parts of it.

Kai waited, mentally noting how many of them were there. At least fifteen. Twenty at most. He made a plan in his mind, silently casting a spell structure for a fireball. His mana started rushing in his veins, ready to take on the monsters.

The time he took wasn’t only for him, it was for everyone to prepare their minds before the charge begins.

He looked at Killian and the knight looked back at him. A brief silent conversation, and a nod followed.

“Now!”

Actra broke the spell.

The larvae jumped forward.

The guards from behind rushed in unison. Their swords and shields in their hand. Kai threw a bolt perfectly aiming at the larvae in the front.

Raven’s arrow went in next, finding itself right in the middle of its head. The larvae let out an ear-piercing noise.

Bran dragged his spear, the touch of its butt giving off sparks as it connected with the stone on the ground and started stabbing the larvae over and over. His awakened muscles were stronger than normal guards, and the spear dug deeper into its body, splattering blackened blood all over.

With a final hiss, the larvae fell on the floor.

Kai’s hands were quick to throw [Firebolt] at as many larvae as he could.

He saw Bord struggling to get his sword out of a larvae’s body, but he didn't have to move to save him.

With a rush of mana, vines tightened around its body, giving room for the Enforcer to take out of the sword. Looking next to him, Kai saw Actra moving around vines that rose from the around, binding and holding the larvae in place.

Bord gave a curt nod to him and went to the next larvae.

Kai stepped back from the middle of the fight to observe where he was needed the most.

These were small larvae which the Enforcers and mercs could easily take down.

If he could, he wanted to preserve his mana for the queen and as he raked his eyes around, he saw everyone in sync, harming the larvae one after another. Their rotations were well rehearsed and it seemed like having two Mages with them was definitely a moral boost.

Suddenly, his eyes squinted at Gareth who cut off one larva’s limbs. “Gareth!” Kai yelled.

Behind him, a larvae was just about to spit acidic goo before he moved to the side.

Kai sent a gust of wind, sweeping the larvae off the wall of the cave. Gareth brought his sword and quickly walked around the fallen larva.

He stabbed it right in the face. Once, twice, thrice, and again. Kai sent a final [Firebolt] at the larvae burning it to the ground.

A painful scream came from the monster as the rancid smell spread.

The mercs right next to Gareth were taking turns at three larvae. Actra flickered his wrist and cast vines around those larvae, holding them down.

It gave them enough time for the warriors to move in while Raven fired her arrows, piercing through the larvae's skins.

Like that, they kept killing more and more larvae.

As Kai was thinking everything would go as planned, he felt a tremor.

Looking at Actra, his stands were on the floor, sending tremors through the whole chamber. Kai recognised the spell as a 2nd circle one. It was quite handy even if the radius wasn't big.

Thankfully, in this chamber it did the job.

The ceiling shook, the larvae falling off the ceiling alongside rocks. As they hit the ground, the distance between them and the guards lessened, making it easier for the guards. The larvae who fell could no longer spit acidic goo from above.

Gorak hit one larvae’s head with the spiked club he brought with him, but a few more came to surround him.

Kai cast a [Cinder circle], hitting the group of larvae with a flaming vortex.

Gorak looked where it came from, and continued to move onto the next larvae without any reaction as the group burned to their deaths.

Actra was helping a lot of the guards who shielded the mage from any larvae that might get too close, but his spells weren't nearly enough.

The amount of larvae overpowered the guards and mercs and as more and more closed in, charging up at the guards, Killian quickly moved to the next part of their plans.

“Potions!” Killian barked an order garnering everyone’s attention.

The guards were quick on their feet, forming a formation that they’d practised.

With ease, they took out potions from their pouches and launched them towards the larvae who were crawling up to them.

They exploded on contact with their bodies, consuming the larvae as a whole, and giving a putrid smell. Just like Kai had expected.

The larvaes screamed, getting away from the guards and slamming into each other as the flames burned their bodies.

The portions were the guards' biggest bet. Two of the explosive potions were given to each guard and healing draughts were kept in batches with a few of them, ready to help anyone that gets injured and can't continue.

They had also been given instructions to use it scarcely and in smaller ranges since they can't let the explosions get to the Atheum or the ceiling might just fall on them.

Though more of the potions remained, Killian was smart not to use them entirely.

As the fight again turned in their favour, Kai swiftly walked behind a guard’s shield and started making up a spell structure.

“[Astrum Inferno],” Kai whispered as the spell structure of an inferno drew in his hand. He pushed mana and cast the spell, blasting off a group of larvae who had just recovered from the explosions from the potions.

As soon as the inferno pushed the larvae back, a group of guards plunged their spears into the body of those that had survived.

Kai took one look at the surroundings. The larvae count had decreased dramatically. The potions had worked.

Only four of them were left, and they could easily take them do-

BAMH!

A wall to the left broke. The dust hit their nostrils as guards coughed and backed away.

“Cover!” Killian commanded.

Guards with massive shields walked forward the group and waited for the dust to die down.

TSSF!

A huge ball of acid flew out, hitting the wall behind the huddled fighters. It was twice— no, thrice the size that was spitted by the larvae who were dead on the floor.

Fuck!

Kai’s eyes widened at the monstrous larvae who crawled from the broken wall. If the larvae they had defeated were akin to toddlers, these were like adolescents. And the worst part was that the fully-grown adult was still to come.

“How big can they get?!” Ansel’s voice came loud next to Kai.

For a split second, everyone in the chamber thought the same thing.



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 4.8k! Close to 5000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





49. Larvae nest (2)


A note from Extra26



Here's the code of mine, just put out 20k words





Cultivation Mage



Kai used to be a talented cultivator. Can he rise again in a world of magic?

Kai always dreamed of raising his small sect into an imperial powerhouse. Looks? Brains? Patience? He had all the tools to keep his rowdy juniors in line. Kai was confident that his small beast-hunting sect would rise to the top.

He hadn't counted on being shunted off into a new world.

Everything seemed different – mana instead of qi, an apocalyptic world ruined by a beast tide, and even his annoying junior's voice in his head, chattering on about 'levels.'

Humans aren’t even the top species around, not here. There are powerful beasts in every direction, and Kai isn’t strong enough to beat them and establish his sect’s legacy… yet.



Daily 2k word chapters.





Ansel grunted from behind.

Kai raised his palm in the air, fire erupting from his fingertips. The flames formed a swirling vortex, incinerating the first larvae who launched at them.

But as the stench of burning chitin filled the air, the new nightmare revealed itself.

It wasn’t just that the larvae were merely overgrown versions of their brethren. Their segmented bodies, thicker than a man’s torso, were adorned with jagged stone spikes that ran down their backs like a macabre crown.

The ethereal blue glow from the Atheum stones cast a light that gave them a horrifying look as their inky black bodies moved forward with ease.

Kai’s fire hadn’t harmed them much due to the spikes protecting them.

Before they could fully process what was before them, the larvae used the spikes. They launched a volley of rock-like projectiles with a sickening snap. The missiles whistled through the air, leaving trails of glower embers as they reached the shield of a guard who stumbled back before Feroy caught him.

“Ah! What was that?!” A guard from behind shouted, but there was no time to linger and think.

Kai looked at Gorak who was already tightening his grip around his weapon. His eyes lingered on him for a second before he said something incomprehensive, loud enough for his team.

Finn and Finnigan responded with a grunt.

In a snap, Gorak, the leader of the mercenaries stepped forward. His spiked club was over his shoulder.

“Raven!” His voice was loud.

The rest of the crowd took a step back, letting the mercenaries handle the monstrous larvae without interrupting their team rotations.

The elven archer in the back swiftly aimed at the larvae’s head. Her aim was perfect, and her arrow glowed, and shimmered through the air, cutting it into pieces as it finally hit the larva in a heartbeat.

It was clear that she was using her spirit’s energy.

Without a pause, next came Finn’s spear. His leg movements were fluid while he jumped on the larvae. He hammered the spear against the larva’s frontal part, bruising its cover voluntarily.

He rolled off the floor with ease and attacked the same larvae from behind. The monster let out a cry in pain as the spear drew black blood. The stone cover was harmed as it splattered around.

“Actra, shield now!” Kai yelled before more larvae could rush in.

Actra immediately flickered his wrist. A spell structure lit up on his palm and immediately a shield separated the guards from the larvae, leaving the mercenaries to deal with one of them.

Raven shot four arrows right at different parts of its segmented body. Carefully aiming at the coverless parts, oozing blood out like a fountain from its sides.

The larvae were stubborn. It kept spitting acid all over the floor. In large balls that Gorak barely avoided as his spiked club thrashed its head over and over.

Without a command from their leader, Finnigan launched at the larvae, his sword in his hand. Raven from behind said something inaudible as Finnigan’s sword glistened with green energy.

It stuck the larvae’s face. The larva screeched as the sword sliced the face from its body.

The latter part of its body shook vigorously for a few seconds before it completely lay still.

But it wasn't the end.

Seeing one of their brethren dead, the larvae standing behind launched themselves at them and more of the acid flew, hitting the shield.

The mercenaries barely avoided getting crushed as they dodged to the side.

Kai gaped as cracks started to appear on the shield and Actra gritted his teeth, putting more mana on top of it, trying to hold them.

However, everyone knew it was going to take only a moment before the shield broke for real.

We need to be on the charge!

Kai frowned before looking at Killian.

Feeling his gaze, Killian looked back and an inaudible conversation passed by them as they both nodded.

“Mage Actra, let those bastards in,” Killian’s voice was gruff.

He waved his sword in the air, twisting it around in circles while preparing for what was yet to come.

“Are you sure?” Actra’s voice was shaky.

“Yes,” Kai said briefly.

The shield took off, while the larvae spat acids all over the place.

“Cover!”

Kai stood behind a guard as they moved away from the acidic gooey balls.

“Get behind me,” Actra said while he protected them from the larvae’s attacks by building small shields that were easier to keep up for him.

SCREEECH!

While they were busy avoiding the acidic substances, Killian sprung himself on a larvae. His sword was on the larvae’s head as it started to bite at it.

Raven’s voice came loud and incomprehensive. Kai looked back and saw her tall figure at the back commanding her spirit.

“Take it out!” She yelled with a grunt as her ever-ready arrow found its way to larvae. Her aim was diligent and powerful.

Killian ran forward and jumped hanging onto the larvae’s slick body. His fingers dug inside its body while he climbed up and withdrew his sword.

Suddenly, the sword glistened with a green glow. By this point, Kai knew that her spirit had the power to give temporary enchantments to weapons. What kind? He didn't know.

His eyes went to Finnigan's sword. The man was thrashing against a larva, jumping as the giant creature tried to make him paste by jumping on top of him.

But the glow wasn’t there.

It seemed like she could only enchant one weapon at a time.

“AH!” Killian grunted again as he moved with purpose. His sword jabbed and thrashed on any skin he found.

SCREE!!

The larvae tried to use spikes, but it was soon on the floor, unable to deal with the speed Killian was moving.

His movements were a sight to see. Like a dance with a sword. His entire form was solid in every attack he launched.

An Enforcer’s agility and strength could be compared to at least a combination of twenty normal untrained men. And it showed.

He swung, deflecting the missiles that the larvae aimed at him. But as soon as he put space between him and the monster, he closed it with an even more powerful sword hit.

Like that, he killed one larvae and moved to another.

One disadvantage of the larvae was their speed. Unlike the smaller ones, they couldn't move fast enough and it gave Killian the edge, just enough to come out on top.

Soon, he had killed three and only two were left.

Killian ran around one larvae, with his sword to his side.

The larvae’s spiked stone fell on the ground, barely missing Killian’s shoulder. He didn’t pause, didn’t flinch, and he dug his sword deep inside its body.

“ARGH!” He dragged it along its segmental body. Slicing it into two. Blood spewed all over his body, drenching him. He didn’t stop until he was at the very back of the larvae.

He threw his sword in the air and jumped to the next larvae while catching it with one hand and aiming it right at the last remaining larvae.

The monster shrieked as it hit its inky black, large eyes. The larvae shook its head roughly. Killian’s sword found its other eyes. He pummeled it on them, drenching his arms with its nasty blood.

The monster struggled, but Killian didn't let go and kept going deeper into the larvae's skull before it was sprawled on the ground, unmoving.

Killian took deep breaths as the glow dimmed, nodding at Raven as thanks. When he had been busy with the group of larvae, other guards had dealt with the ones he had missed.

Kai quickly sent a small ball of light towards the chamber the spiked larvae came from, looking for any they might have missed.

Nothing.

With a smile, Kai looked at the guards.

“Forward!”

He commanded everyone.

It took a moment for them to register it. A few guards were sitting against a wall while the others were tending to their injuries, but Kai also saw a lot of them looking at Killian in awe.

Although the other Enforcers had dealt with a few larvae, none of them were at the level of Killian who had taken on a group of them himself. Kai saw a few of them, particularly Feroy and Bord, looking like they were wondering when they would be at that level.

Even Actra who had been shielding the guards with his vines and keeping the larvae in check seemed a bit stunned, but he hid it quietly.

Killian slowly made his way through the massive dead bodies and curtly nodded at Kai.

“Let’s go,” Kai said, hiding the pinch of pride that surged inside his body.

They moved forward, leaving behind the dead bodies of the larvae. They had to move past the Atheum-filled walls and ceilings.

There was only one passage and as they moved through it, the dim light from the Aetheum lessened and they were swallowed by an oppressive darkness that pulsed with a sickly sweet stench. Bioluminescent fungi clung to the damp walls.

Kai lit up a light ball immediately, but this time, it wasn’t a big one that emanated through the entire closed space, rather kept track of their feet and where they were headed. He didn’t want to attract any unwanted attention from any larvae.

The sounds of their footsteps blended as they walked at the same pace. The air became thicker with less oxygen to breathe. But the mana inside the cave kept increasing as they walked and even the flow was a bit different, hinting at the monsters up ahead.

Kai stole a glance at Actra whose usual mask was replaced by a mixture of fear and confidence.

“We’re walking on the dents of the nest. The queen's chambers should come to be near,” Kai said in a hush.

Actra nodded. “The mana flow is a bit different here. We should keep an eye out for anything that might attack us,” he said.

The floor and the walls got wetter as they met with a division. Kai walked through one side and saw how the partition was only for a small area. The two ways adjoined to one right after the division ended.

He turned to let them know, but before he could say anything, his eyes went to the dark ceiling behind the group.

There’s something there!

The inky black bodies glistening went unnoticed by Kai, and seeing his eyes, everyone else turned to look up.

“Run!” He shouted.

Within a moment, the group came behind the partition that kept a lot of them hidden from the crawling larvae on the ceiling.

The larvae noticed their shift and spat acidic goo at the men. One went straight at a guard, burning his back completely.

The guard muffled his pain and fell on the floor.

Actra’s shield was quick to hover over them. The larvae increased their attempt by quickening their pace.

Kai threw a [Firebolt] hitting the larvae that were to the front.

ZZZTT!!

The larva hissed in pain while the others stopped, clearly wary of Kai.

“Killian, prepare the potions,” Kai whispered and looked at him with stern eyes.

He nodded and started whispering about the plan in his mind to the guards that were beside him.

Kai launched two more [Firebolt] above the shield, hitting the larvae, and burning their flesh.

He could take these normal-sized larvae down single-handedly, but rather than wasting his mana, the potions would easily lessen their numbers that had almost taken the entire ceiling under their control.

With a pre-arranged signal, Killian launched himself forward, leading the charge, Feroy right on his back. His staff trailed on the damp floor.

Simultaneously, three guards who stayed back under his instructions threw potions at the larvae, burning half of them down and the rest slumped down one after another. The heat was intense, immediately accompanied by the malodorous burnt smell that had become familiar to everyone's nostrils.

The sweet smell of the nest combined with the burnt smell— was not a good combination.

The twins grabbed something from their back pockets and pounced. They were blades. Sharp, and slicing through the larvae. Their movements were similar to wraiths. The blades blurred as the larvae fell with loud screeches.

We need to end them fast.

Kai frowned, hoping no other monster would attack from behind as they dealt with the ones on the ceiling. They’ve already encountered at least fifty of these monsters and he had no idea how many more were left.

The guards fought with a good sense of where to hit them due to their recent encounter.

Kai, who stood a bit far unleashed a torrent of fire, engulfing the larvae in a searing inferno. With that, every larvae fell on the floor, emptying the ceiling. His fire lit the rest of the pathway, giving them a good idea of what lay ahead.

Actra summoned thorny vines from the very floor of the nest, binding creatures’ limbs in a writhing mass who were trying to run away.

Gorak stayed behind while observing and letting Finn, Finnigan and Raven take care of what was left. Raven’s arrows, Finn’s spear and Finnigan’s sword worked in sync.

The Enforcers were right behind. Their weapons clashed with the larvae's body parts, spurting blood from everywhere.

But the one who surprised Kai the most was the travelling desert warrior— Ansel.

He spun, jumped and moved with extremely swift agility. Often he’d slow his attacks but would pick himself right up, timing them to match the larvae's moments and killing them quicker than the others.

After all, he was no Enforcer. But for a normal human, he had an appreciable amount of energy, skill and technique.

The larvae’s numbers quickly depreciated as they worked their way through them, but then suddenly, a sharp sound came from the side.

Kai turned his head and saw a guard crumpled on the ground, clutching a wound.

A larva was upon him, ready to eat him up whole.

Kai quickly threw a [Firebolt] at the monster and it shrieked back. It gave the guard the opportunity he was looking for and even though he was on the ground, he grabbed his spear that had fallen and pierced it right through the larvae’s body.

It seemed to be the last larvae alive and once he was dead, the guard finally took a sigh of relief as a few others came to his rescue with a potion.

Just as Kai was thinking the threat had passed, a primal dread washed over him. It wasn't a sound, not exactly, but a shift in the very fabric of the mana around them. The air crackled with raw, pulsating power— a power, unlike anything he'd sensed before.

The cavern floor trembled beneath their feet, sending a jolt of panic through the group.

Their answer materialized in a flash.

They all looked behind to where Kai was— at the entrance of the path of the partition.

Kai turned around and ran back to the small space where the floor was filled with larvae dead bodies.

From the depths of the chamber, a monstrous creature lumbered into view.

“Fuck…” Kai muttered slowly. The queen — IT WAS THE QUEEN!

Kai gulped a good amount of saliva as he took in its body. He felt his imagination being crumpled to the ground, seeing the queen as it was even bigger than what he had expected.

Its segmented black body, easily twice the size of the largest larvae they had encountered, filled the chamber like a living battering ram.

Its glistening carapace reflected the sickly green light of the fungi, casting grotesque shadows on the cavern walls.

Colossal mandibles, dripping with a noxious liquid, hung open in a silent scream. Glowing eyes, the size of cartwheels, burned with a powerful malice. This wasn't just a monstrous insect; it was a living embodiment of rage and hunger.

The queen reeked the smell of mana.

With a deafening screech that sent shivers down their spines, the queen larvae launched itself towards them.

“MOVE!” Killian’s voice echoed through the cave.

A volley of acidic projectiles spewed from its maw, each the size of a man's head and leaving sizzling trails in their wake as the guards rushed to get back to safety.



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 4.8k! Close to 5000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





50. Kai vs queen


A note from Extra26





Dead Man Cultivation (A LitRPG cultivation Adventure)



In a world in turmoil where the cultivators don‘t care for the ordinary man, where monsters have been unleashed, displacing entire villages away from their grounds, with little resistance from the cultivators unless they need something that the monsters have.

A world where the goddess’ judgement was tainted by the horrors humanity perpetrates.

Seph, a water carrier and an aspiring scholar, suddenly becomes an undead cultivator.

He finds himself hunted, in the middle of a war between cultivators of the immortal path and cultivators of the undead path.

With a legendary martial arts style, a mysterious weapon, and a bloodline, can he become the first Undead Cultivator to reach the Peak?

-------------------------

What to expect:

Read this if you enjoy Action Adventure/Cultivation - LitRPG That is crunchy.

Fast Paced, Martial arts, Epic Loot!

The Novel doesn’t start with status screen, but we will eventually have one.

The MC isn’t actively cultivating from the get go, you will understand why in the story.

I'll release two chapters weekly, Tuesday and Friday.





The men obeyed Killian’s command immediately.

They started moving away from the partition, heading towards the same direction they came from. It was their only way. If they stay still, one of the volley-sized acid balls could melt them to the ground.

Kai needed something to distract the queen and buy them time to prepare a counter-offensive. But the more they ran backwards, the more he knew the queen would ramp up its attacks.

They soon returned to the room where they had fought off the larvae.

EEEECRH!

The queen was right behind them. Its head almost touched the ceiling of the cavern. Despite its size, compared to the other larvae, it was faster.

Kai turned around on his feet and threw a [Wind Spear] attempting to distract it. While the men behind him fastened to put a decent distance, Kai’s feet slowed down as he saw the spear cutting through a corner of its body.

The monstrous queen sent another ear-piercing roar and the next second, the spot where his spell had made a dent closed as quickly as it appeared.

The next second, acid flew towards them.

A sickening thud echoed as one of the projectiles she sent slammed into a guard’s shield. Its acidic spray ate through the metal with a hiss.

“Ahh!” The guard’s scream halted everyone there momentarily as he threw the shield aside and backed up.

The acid found its way to his flesh and melted through his armour. He crumpled to the ground, a smoking husk.

Kai’s eyebrows furrowed.

He looked around for anything that could help him in the chaos. Something to help him halt the queen, but there was nothing.

Much to his terror, the queen spat another acidic volley.

To match it, Kai burned up his mana and formed a quick structure for a [Firebolt], but this time, he changed it and made the bolt much larger.

He aimed right at the acidic ball.

The clash of both acid and fire exploded with a loud noise. Its remnants flew in the air and turned to thick vapour.

The guards scrambled behind, and Kai’s movements faltered. There was no running anymore and the only way was to deal with the queen.

He scanned it briefly before the queen's numerous eyes fell on him, sending shivers down his spine that he quickly ignored.

The monster grunted as if appraising Kai before a low growl burst forth, vibrating through their very bones.

With another growl, a sudden surge of power, and a wave of vibrant, dangerous, pulsating mana erupted from the queen.

That…

Kai’s thoughts halted when he saw larvae crawling on the ceiling.

He also saw the ones they had fought before the partition appearing from behind the queen. They didn't have time to check whether they were dead due to the queen's sudden appearance and as he stared at them, he saw their wounds knitting themselves shut.

The scars they previously received from Kai’s flames and Actra’s vines were no longer there.

Their movements seemed visibly faster as they launched the attack, far more aggressive than the last time.

Kai threw [Wind Gust] keeping away the larvae.

His grim frown deepened as more and more of them appeared. Anger flared in his gut, but he forced it down. The queen’s face twitched in some unknown emotion.

He took a breath. Now wasn’t the time for rage. He needed to keep his emotions in check.

He slammed his spear against the ground, a silent command to everyone in the back. The mercenaries, Enforcers, guards and even Actra understood what it meant.

They formed a protective ring and took their formations, prepared to handle what was going to come next.

Kai unleashed a torrent of fire, a swirling inferno that carved a path through the horde of larvae.

It was a desperate attempt to create a barrier between them and the enraged queen. "Brace yourselves!" he roared, his voice cutting through the din of battle. "The real battle starts now!"

Despite the battles they had, the guards' numbers were surprisingly intact. The potions and coordinated attacks had taken their toll on the larvae. They might be battered, but they were far from being broken.

Kai flickered his wrist and threw a [Inferno] burning more larvae down. They fell on the floor, but before the queen could heal them, a few guards moved to the front, their weapons aiming at the annoying creatures screeching on the floor.

Before they could cease them, the larvae got up, yanking themselves forward, in a moment of inexplicable strength. They crawled, spitting acid right at guards.

The men jumped back, unwilling to burn themselves.

“The larvae are being powered by the queen. Keep on your guard!” Kai shouted, flickering his wrist and jumping back to avoid a group of larvae that rushed at him. He cast another [Inferno] attempting to throw the larvae away.

“Killian! Take care of them!” Kai ordered. “Enforcers, follow Killian!” he said as his eyes made contact with Bran, Bord, Nelson and Gareth.

They all swung forward in a blur, going after the groups of larvae stacked together.

From the corner of his eye, he saw Ansel launching at the larvae. He leapt up to the side as a larva charged, but before it could touch him, his spear hit its sides.

The larvae let out a loud screech in pain, but another strike pierced its head. Even as its wounds began to knit together, Ansel kept stabbing, ending its life and moving to his next target.

Kai smiled at him before looking at the queen. It was time to move back to their main plan.

Looking back, he saw vines binding larvae in one place as guards stabbed their bodies. Actra stood at the back and their eyes matched as Kai gestured.

He immediately understood and frowned before moving towards him.

Both of them stared at the queen.

The queen’s eyes were on the larvae, attacking with spitballs that the men dodged. As more and more of its children died, it seemed to flare up, letting out loud growls.

“Wait for my command, and then attack,” Kai whispered, noticing the queen’s aura emanating, healing the larvae.

He prepared spells on his palm, his breath quickening and his posture steadying. A few seconds passed by and he waited, then suddenly the queen’s eyes fell on him.

“Now!”

Kai and Actra launched a combined assault. He unleashed a series of [Firebolts], aiming for the queen’s black, inky, glowing eyes, hoping to blind it or disrupt its focus.

Right behind him, Actra weaved a series of structures in the air.

Thick, emerald vines erupted from the cavern floor, coiling and twisting towards the monstrous queen. They lashed out like living serpents, aiming to bind the creature's body— doing their best to halt its movements!

But the queen was simply too powerful. Its body was strong as it snapped the vines with a sickening crack, emerald ichor spraying across the damp stone like bioluminescent rain.

Fury, raw and primal, contorted the queen's face.

Its acidic attacks, dripping with a caustic liquid that sizzled ominously, snapped at them with terrifying speed.

Kai, caught off guard by the sudden surge of aggression, barely managed to deflect one with a hastily conjured wall of fire.

The heat singed his arm, sending a jolt of pain that ripped through him. He gritted his teeth, the metallic tang of blood filling his mouth.

His mana came rushing in as anger boiled through every cell. I can heal myself later, he told himself.

He tightened his arm around his spear and launched at the queen. A fire spell first, then an attack from the spear. He thrust, swept and slashed it at different angles. His fire found its way to different parts of its humongous body.

But the queen's skin was thick. His attacks left only shallow scratches.

Even his flames which could potentially burn most larvae to crisp weren't potent enough against her.

Kai threw a [Inferno] at the queen's head, aiming to put a safe distance and launched its spear forward, running behind the queen, attacking somewhere around the belly.

Its oily hide acted as a barrier. His spear mark was gone before it inflicted any lasting damage.

Kai’s breath wavered as disbelief flooded him.

He had heard of the queen's strength and read about it, but its regenerative abilities were beyond his plans.

This was something he hadn’t expected, a creature far more powerful. But there was no time for dwelling on the unexpected.

I need to think. I need time to prepare!

With a mental shrug, he barked a command at Actra, his voice hoarse from the exertion."Hold it off! I need to focus!"

Actra, his face grim with exertion, nodded and wrestled with the queen.

His elemental magic seemed paltry against the queen's raw power. He strained, his hands glowing with a desperate intensity as he conjured more and more vines, each one a desperate attempt to slow the queen's relentless rampage.

As the queen battled with the vines, Kai kept looking for a weakness.

Countless spells came to his mind. He was still in the 2nd circle, but he knew 3rd circle spells that could damage the queen. It's just the mana cost was too much and they were underground, so it might just end up using all the oxygen in here, killing everyone.

Still, there was no time to think.

Every second mattered and after going through the spells he knew, one came to his mind.

He took his time to weave the spell patterns for it, careful to not make a mistake. One pattern appeared in his palms, then the second one, and by the third, Kai felt a pressure on his shoulders that almost made him stagger.

It was called [Dragon's Breath].

Obviously, it wasn't a real one since it was impossible to replicate it, but it was one which closely resembled it and if he was right, he would be enough to burn the queen.

“Anglo Granda Zakai!” He slowly muttered the incantation, mana rushing out of him as the structure lit up.

For a moment, Kai felt like the spell was pulling energy straight from his soul as a massive dark flame burst forth, obliterating everything in its path.

With Actra’s vines barely managing to hold the queen, the dark flames hit right on its cartwheel-sized eye and caused the queen to stagger. It hit the wall, shaking the whole cave down.

The impact of the flames caused the queen to scream in agony as over half of its face peeled away. But it wasn't dead yet.

While trying to keep himself intact, Kai sent another [Inferno] at it, pushing a generous amount of mana on the spell, slightly increasing its effect and hoping to end the battle.

The flaming inferno hit right where the dark flames had before engulfing other parts of its bodies. Another scream burst from the queen.

The men who were fighting the larvae paused for a moment, clearly wondering if it was over.

But then, amidst those cries, it roared and balanced itself once again. Kai's face paled as he took a step back.

Actra had managed to tie vines around the queen, but fueled with the lethal rage, it ripped free from the restraints.

With a burst of speed that seemed impossible for its massive form, it rampaged around the chamber, its glowing eyes burning with a manic intensity. The damage Kai had done seemed to not affect it.

Panic surged through the ranks of the battered group.

Guards scrambled for cover, some falling victim to the queen's flailing limbs or the acidic spray that dripped from its mandibles. Their shields barely covered their entire bodies as the queen was all over the place.

Even the larvae, caught in the crossfire of the queen's mad frenzy, were not spared. Their segmented bodies were ripped apart, their acidic ichor adding to the scene in front of them.

"Berserk state!" Actra roared. "It'll destroy anything in its path! We need to get out of here!"

Kai’s jaw clenched as he shook his head. "No! We can't just escape! It would simply—"

His words were cut short by a deafening crash that shook the very foundations of the cavern.

The queen, in its crazed rampage, had slammed into the cavern wall with a force that sent tremors through the chamber.

Chunks of rock rained down, narrowly missing some of the already injured guards.

Kai cursed, his mind racing for a solution.

Think, Kai. Think fast.

He fumbled through his repertoire of spells, searching for anything that could exploit this unexpected turn of events. But his mind was a blank slate and his mana reserves weren't enough to do another [Dragon's Breath]. Frustration crawled at him as the monstrous queen continued its rampage.

Everything slowed for him as his thoughts rose high.

Then, as his gaze swept across the cavern in a desperate search, it landed on the pulsating mana stones embedded in the ceiling. A spark of inspiration ignited in his eyes.

"Actra!" he roared, his voice hoarse from the exertion. "Protect the guards!"

Actra, following Kai's gaze, understood his plan instantly. "That’s crazy!" he barked.

“Protect the men!” Kai said again, completely ignoring Actra’s hesitation. His focus was laser sharp on the Atheum.

With a surge of mana, he unleashed a torrent of fire bolts, not directed at the queen, but at the Atheum high above.

The cavern echoed with a deafening explosion as the mana stones shattered, showering the chamber in a blinding white light.

The shockwave from the blast rippled through the air, shaking the very foundations of the nest.



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 4.8k! Close to 5000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





51. Aftermath


A note from Extra26





Dog Immortal



If cultivation was easy, even dogs could do it... Wait a minute.

In another life, he was a struggling digital artist. Now, after being transported into a marvelous new world filled with cultivators and mysteries, Jun is shocked to find himself in the body of a lowly dog!

Joining his young master on a journey to immortality, Jun must find a way to transcend the trappings of his limited lifespan and rise to godhood.

The road ahead is treacherous, and with no manuals or instructions to guide his cultivation, he will have to carve out a path of his own.

After all, who wouldn't like to live forever?



* * *



Release Schedule: Daily





The walls of the cave shuddered violently as the Atheum erupted in a blinding explosion. As the mana pulsed out of the stones, it gave an entirely eerie feeling sending a shiver down Kai’s spine.

The ceiling groaned in protest, showering the people in a rain of dust and stones.

Kai looked to his right, seeing Actra’s squinted eyes and straightened arm— making vines emerge from the floor, spiralling and writhing around the remaining guards and mercenaries to protect them.

Killian and the other Enforcer who were far away from the blasts, scrambled for cover behind massive rock outcroppings, their shields raised high.

The explosion slammed into the queen with a battering ram force.

A shriek tore from the queen’s mouth, unlike any he had heard before. Atheum stones hit the queen’s frontage continuously as it tried to dodge. Due to its massive body, there was nowhere to run, but Kai couldn't help feeling like the queen might still survive the explosion and escape.

Even now, he could see parts of its body trying to regenerate.

He took one glance around. The space was clear as the guards had moved behind.

He didn’t spare another second before he emptied his mana reserves. More bolts tore through the air to hit the remaining mana stones.

They blasted with an ear-deafening noise.

The queen's previously berserk stage was halted with more and more stones pinning it down as the ceiling fell. The lower long, segmented body was bruised with inky dark blood splattering everywhere.

It kept screaming, trying to shield itself somehow, but failed. For a moment, its eyes locked with Kai who saw vulnerability in them, but he matched it with cold focus.

He grabbed his spear and putting all his strength into it, aimed it at the queen.

It streaked through the air like a shooting star, and slammed into the queen's exposed chest— the very spot where the explosion had ripped away a section of its protective flesh.

SCRRRRRHHHHH!

A final, ear-splitting shriek erupted from the queen's maw and it took a few steps back. More stones fell from the ceiling on it.

The queen's segmented body convulsed, buckling beneath the immense weight. Kai’s entire body shook with the crash as the larvae queen slammed to the ground, its lifeless body twitching spasmodically.

Silence descended upon the chamber, broken only by the ragged gasps of Kai. He found himself sighing in relief.

A moment passed, and another.

Kai’s hands were on his knees as he waited for the dust to settle. His mana reserves were run dry due to all the spells he used back to back. He knew he’d lifelessly fall to the floor if he used another spell.

Soon, the vision became clear, revealing the queen motionless on the ground. On top of it, large glistening stones cut through its very being, aimed around its throat, eyes, chest and lower back.

Kai took an unsure step forward.

The remaining larvae, their inky black glow flickering erratically, seemed to sag, their movements lethargic as if their life force had been sapped away with the queen's demise.

He let out a shaky breath. They did it. They survived.

Boots clicking against the cold stone made him turn his head. Actra was accompanied by two guards who were looking shocked at what had transpired.

Just as a flicker of a smile touched Kai's lips, he paused.

From the corner of his eye, he saw something launching forward.

A single, segmented leg twitched on the ground— a lone larva, seemingly unharmed by the falling debris, surged forward with surprising speed.

Its mandibles gnashed, targeting Actra and two guards who were momentarily caught off guard, their focus solely on the aftermath of the battle.

A primal scream tore from Actra's throat as he saw the lone larvae surge towards them.

Panic flared in his eyes, his staff trembling in his grasp.

He fumbled with an incantation, a hastily constructed spell meant to blast the creature back.

But the larvae, fueled by rage for the queen's death, ignored the sputtering vines and jumped straight at them. By the size of the vines, it was clear that Actra mana reserves were low.

He shoved the two nearest guards forward, his voice cracking with fear. “Defend me!” He stumbled backwards, his boots slipping on the dusty floor.

The guards, caught off guard by the sudden movement, hesitated for a precious split second. It was all that the larvae needed.

With lightning speed, it snapped acidic goo at them.

One guard crumpled instantly, a sickening spray of crimson blossoming on his chest. The other guard, his face contorted in terror, raised his shield in a desperate attempt to defend himself.

But the larvae's acid was more dangerous than fire, tearing through the metal with a sickening screech.

Killian, his nose flared and eyes stern rushed forward in front of the struggling guard. His longsword, a blur of silver, cleaved through the larvae in a single, brutal motion.

The creature twitched once, then lay still, its ichor pooling on the damp stone floor.

Once he made sure it was dead, Killian spun on Actra, his eyes blazing with barely contained rage. "What in the hells was that?!" he roared, his voice echoing through the cavern.

Actra scrambled to his feet, his face flushed crimson while he shook his head to cover his shame. "What?" he stammered, his voice barely a whisper.

"Those were ordinary guards!" Killian bellowed, gesturing at the fallen men. “You are a Mage. How could you put them in front of the larvae instead of dealing with it yourself?"

“They were there to protect me. That was their responsibility and that's what they did,” Actra said, sneering.

“And your duty was to kill the larvae and you clearly failed in that.” Killian scrunched up his face and glared.

Actra opened his mouth to retort, but Kai stepped between them, holding his hand up to stop the conversation.

Kai saw Actra visibly relax.

He looked down at the fallen guards, his eyes going over their lifeless forms and blood that was streaking towards his shoes. Then, his gaze met Actra's.

"You didn't have enough mana for another spell," Kai stated flatly, his voice devoid of accusation, but heavy with disappointment.

Actra shrugged. “Yes, the battle took a lot out of me," he mumbled.

Kai shook his head. He had seen the flicker of fear in Actra's eyes, the way he had prioritized his own safety over the lives of the guards. It was more than that.

“You panicked. Even if I agree that you don't have a lot of mana, you have enough tricks to deal with the larvae yourself.” Kai said, calmly. “You risked the guard’s life to buy yourself more time, rather than dealing with them and protecting the men,” he paused. “That’s an act of an incompetent Mage.”

Actra opened his mouth, no doubt to argue, but Kai cut him off.

"We'll discuss this later," Kai said, his tone leaving no room for debate. He slowly walked up the slope with the help of Killian and surveyed the remaining guards, some injured, others shaken but alive. "Let's get them patched up. We need to get out of here."

He reached into one of the bags filled with portions and retrieved a vial filled with a shimmering, green liquid.

As he uncorked it, a faint glow emanated from within. "These are called life potions," he explained, his voice calmer now. "There’s more inside the bags. Make sure it’s of this exact colour before you give it. Think of them as potions for vitality. They'll help stabilize the wounded. Might not completely heal everything, but should be strong enough to get you all back to the castle."

Killian nodded and ordered Feroy to tend to the wounded immediately. A few guards who could still walk came forward to take the potion and distribute it among everyone.

“It’s over,” Killian’s voice came, looking over the guards who were getting the potions.

Kai nodded at the words.

The cavern made his voice echo and soon before they knew it, a ragged cheer erupted from the survivors.

It was a cheer with exhaustion and relief. Kai nodded at everyone while taking a glance around.

The Enforcers, their once pristine armour was a mess of dust and gore, slumped against the cavern walls. Nelson was looking at his calf where a small chunk was burnt. He felt Kai’s eyes on him and looked up with a faint smile.

The others were sitting by an adjacent wall, talking among themselves.

“That was a good one, eh?” Bord’s gruff voice cut through the cheers.

“It was. Almost thought I wouldn't survive,” Gareth said, right next to him. “Never knew I would return to the mines like this.”

“The mines making you remember old times? Want to return to being a miner?” Bard asked with a grin.

“Nah, money is not enough and if I returned, you would brag about having the most kills after Feroy. I can't let that happen.”

Everyone else laughed and snickered as Bard frowned at Gareth.

Opposite them, Gorak had his arms tightened in front of his chest. As always, he showed no expression at the win, but he kept glancing at Finn who was getting bandaged by Raven.

“Don't move. It will be okay. You already drank the potion,” she spoke quietly, crouching to see Finn’s knee. A larvae had attacked with an acidic ball and his skin had peeled away completely.

“I’m alright, don’t worry!” Finn said through a hiss.

A lot of guards were in similar situations, sitting on the ground, tending to their wounds. The potions helped them immediately, but there were still others who were critical, needing support to stand up.

“Let’s head back to the city soon,” Kai straightened up in his position and looked around. “We survived and won the battle against the queen larvae and the guards need to rest. We shouldn't stay in the cave for long.”

Killian nodded to him and looked at the guards. “Start walking the same way we came,” he said while signalling the group to walk through the exit. “Help those who can't walk. Let's get some fresh air.”

***

With a final, lingering press of his boot onto the queen's cracked carapace, Kai gritted his teeth and pushed himself away.

The rhythmic groans of the wounded being carried out echoed faintly down the tunnel.

He wanted to join them and find his way to his bed to rest his body. But there were things he had to do before he could get out of the nest.

Although they had killed the queen, its eggs remained. The last thing he wanted was more of these larvae to spawn just because of his carelessness.

Leaving the faint glow of the chamber behind, Kai ventured deeper into the twisting tunnels.

The air grew thick and stale, the acrid tang of decay clinging to his throat.

The familiar sight of bioluminescent fungi painted the walls in sickly greens and blues, their pulsating glow casting grotesque shadows that danced at the edge of his vision.

Every skittering sound, every rustle in the darkness, sent a jolt through him.

Unlike the earlier battle, there was no roar of defiance to precede an attack here. Just the unsettling silence, broken only by the rasp of his own breath and the crunch of his boots on the rocky floor.

He stumbled upon abandoned chambers, filled with the last remains of the larvae’s food.

Skeletons of unfortunate creatures— giant rats, armoured beetles, even the desiccated remains of a massive cave bat— picked clean and bleached white.

For a moment, he wondered where they had come from. He couldn't see any other opening in the tunnels, leading outside. Were there simply more nests here other than the larvae nests? That seemed likely.

He didn't linger on these thoughts, deciding to send a scouting team to find if there were more nests around later.

For now, he had to find the eggs. Therefore, he walked.

Minutes bled into an hour, measured only by the burn in his legs. He fiddled with a chunk of a mana stone he had grabbed from the Atheum that was on the floor. Its light was dim, but enough to show where he was headed.

The tunnels seemed to twist and turn endlessly, a cruel labyrinth designed to sap his will.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity spent traversing the bowels of the earth, he squeezed through a particularly narrow passage and emerged into a new chamber.

This one was different.

Eerie emerald light pulsed from the ceiling, emanating from large, mana stones embedded in the rock.

They glistened with a slow, rhythmic beat, like a malevolent heart. But it was the sight at the centre of the room that chilled him to the bone.

Nestled amongst the pulsating stones lay a clutch of eggs, each the size of a sparrow's body.

Their surface shimmered with a faint ethereal glow. Kai could almost feel the writhing mass of segmented bodies and annoying acidic spit balls within, waiting to burst into existence.

His hand twitched, a ball of fire forming instinctively at his fingertips, wanting to blast every one of them off. His mana has recovered enough to finish them off.

His eyes stared at the eggs for a while before he took a final look around the chamber. It was then that something came into his view.

On the side, on top of a pile of Atheum, a leather bag was placed.

He blinked his eyes, wondering if he was even seeing it tight.

“What's a bag doing here?” Kai cautiously approached the bag and picked it up. The leather was cracked and worn, like the hide of an ancient beast. It had clearly been here for years.

He untied the fastenings, a puff of dust erupting as he peered inside. Nestled inside was a single, leather-bound book. Its cover was marred with grime and mildew.

He opened it up and froze. In faded lettering, there were lots of sentences written on it and he slowly read out the first of them.

"I'm hoping my research into the larvae bears fruit and Sonia grows big with the Atheum here."



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 4.8k! Close to 5000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





52. Sonia


A note from Extra26





MADMAN APOCALYPSE



Gambit was just watching the blood rain, through the window of his padded cell, when the world went to hell. Without warning, the world is plunged into a crazy life-or-death show known as the GREAT GAME, where monsters, dungeons, and magic run rampant.

It’s a good thing Gambit is already insane. With his fists, panda plushie, and copious amounts of pent-up rage, Gambit manages to fight his way out of the asylum he was locked up in, though not before unlocking a glitched Class that he’s not meant to have and drawing the attention of the GREAT GAME’s Agents.

While tackling a literal apocalypse, Gambit must face the consequences of his past and settle long-held grudges. And you know what? Gambit might just be the right person to take on the insanity that is the GREAT GAME and its sadistic orchestrators.



* * *



NEW CHAPTERS TUE, THUR, & SATURDAY.



* * *



Patreon is currently +10 chapters ahead.



* * *



What to expect:

- Strong-to-Stronger Protagonist

- Progression, Achievements, and Blue Boxes

- A Comedic Duo

- Creepy, Horrific, and Sometimes Eldritch, Monsters

- Dungeons of Many Different Flavours

- Game-Show-like Arcs



* * *



Inspired by Flossindune’s “100th Run” and Dinnimann’s “Dungeon Crawler Carl”.



* * *



I have a Discord group where you can connect with other readers of my stories.





Furrowing his brow, Kai flipped through the brittle pages. A wave of confusion washed over him as he deciphered the faded ink.

