1. Things go wrong


A note from Extra26



Synopsis:

Kai of the Sorcerer's Tower is one of the last mages left, barely surviving in a world ruled by creatures of the dark — where the era of mages ended, and most of the lands got contaminated with dead mana.

To save his world and fulfil his master's last wish, he put himself through a forbidden ritual, risking his soul being ripped into pieces to make his way into the past. In an era with abundant mana — an era yet to enter the Golden Era of Magic.

Things go wrong, of course, as they always do, and he finds himself thousands of years before the world fell to mana contamination — in the body of a young lord, Arzan. All is not well, though, as the young lord was murdered by someone and he had a beast wave to protect his territory from before moving to larger threats as well trying to get back his former strength in a world where magic techniques and technology are primitive.

He might be able to change that.





Sweat stung Kai’s eyes as he plunged his knife into the floor. He carved runes and Freyac syllables around him, wood splintering as his knife traced the erratic patterns.

He had, maybe, five minutes.

The cold floor of the Sorcerer’s Tower thrummed through him as the ritual circle released magical energy. This had to be the most complicated and convoluted ritual he’d ever attempted.

The symbols were crude and unrecognisable, making him wonder if they were even going to work, but there was no choice. He needed to make it work, to escape this place and turn things around.

He jumped in his seat as throaty and menacing shouts from outside echoed through the corridors.

They had found him.

His head snapped around in fear, taking note of the shaky walls of the library. The wide room, once neatly organised, was now cluttered and disorganised with books scattered everywhere on the floor. Dust and cobwebs only added to the mess.

His breath came out in ragged puffs and he looked down at his scarred hands.

He drew the symbols faster. He needed to finish—now! But panic clawed at his chest, making him clumsy.

Footsteps echoed through the halls of the Sorcerer's Tower and he flinched.

The mana fiends were just outside.

The creaky, wooden door burst open behind him with a loud thud. Kai was fast on his feet, turning around to face the shadowy figure.

With the face of a bull and bulging muscles, the minotaur-like creature stood at seven feet, crowned by a pair of misshapen curved horns. Black lines ran through its arms and neck, and endless rows of fangs and protrusions stuck out from its back.

Its sharp claws seemed like they'd cut up the floor faster than Kai could with his knife.

It was covered in grey fur, interspersed with patches of dead skin from overexposure to the decayed mana.

Kai's heart thumped in his ears as he weaved his hand to the left, casting a [Gust] spell while visualising a strong force of wind knocking the corrupted monster down.

It hit its chest, making it screech and stumble back a few steps.

Kai tightened his fingers around the hilt of the knife.

The mana fiend got its feet under it again and lunged forward.

He felt his breath leaving his lungs at the sight. Before it could reach him, he rolled on the floor, dodging the charge while hacking its leg with the knife.

The fiend snarled threateningly as it slashed its claws at him in a swift motion. Kai prepared another spell and slid back, but he was too slow.

The spell structure broke apart and his vision wavered as he was thrown into a bookshelf, his knife skidding away.

Terrible pain hit him as he screamed in pain and touched his face.

Blood dripped on the floor as he stared at his palm. His left eye was bleeding. Was it even there?

“It gouged out… my eye,” he muttered, trying to fight through the pain.

He had severely underestimated the power of the mana fiend. Or maybe it was due to him being in this near-crippled state that his spells weren't as powerful.

Either way, I need to get up.

Kai shook his head and tried to stand.

Even if he couldn't see, he needed to go through the ritual. That was the only way to survive, but he had to fight off the mana fiend first.

The creature’s dark magic covered its claws, sending out blasts of corrupted energy that rippled and cut through the bookshelves as it got closer to him.

Kai grasped his left eye with one hand and, using his other hand, he cast [Mana Discharge], sending a blast of mana at the creature. It tried to block but was knocked back into a bookshelf, falling and crying out in pain.

Under normal circumstances, he wouldn't have used such a spell with high mana requirements, but he had no time.

He cast the spell [Blinding], making the monster see white.

Making his way through the fallen bookshelves, he searched for his knife and found it right next to a puddle of blood.

He picked it up and looked towards the mana fiend.

As soon as the Blinding spell died down, it picked itself up, flailing its arm around and lunging at Kai, who was anticipating such a move.

Before it could get close to him, Kai yelled, “[Astrum Vosem!]”

The knife glistened with mana, fire crackling within the blade as he surged forward, aiming at the monster’s neck. The mana fiend slashed at him again, but he ducked, barely avoiding the hit.

Casting another [Blinding] spell, he sent the monster stumbling back before plunging the blade into its neck. Flames crackled out as he twisted the blade, aiming for the black lines.

The mana fiend fell to the ground immediately, black liquid spewing everywhere.

It cried out in pain, trying to grab Kai, but he didn't give it the chance and kept digging deep into its neck until it stopped whimpering.

Blood oozed from Kai’s eye and he suddenly noticed a deep cut on his arm. Pain numbed all his senses, but there was no time to focus on it.

“The ritual,” Kai coughed blood, realizing that crashing into the bookshelf had given him internal injuries. He dragged himself until he was in front of his preparation and felt like cursing.

A part of the ritual circle was smeared due to the blood splatter from the fight.

It was ruined.

Quickly deciding on his new move, he started scribbling frantically, drawing up a new ritual circle.

His fingers were cramping and slippery as he tried his best to draw the symbols in his mind. With one eye gone, it was much harder, and every mistake made him swear softly.

He heard more floor-shattering movements through the door. There was more than one mana fiend and the fight had attracted them to his hideout.

He needed to hurry. He only had a minute until they got here if he was lucky.

“Shit!”

He made a mistake and felt like banging his head against the floor. While keeping his remaining eye on the open door, he alternated between the ritual circle that was smeared with blood and one that was barely half complete.

He could never finish it in time.

Having no choice, Kai abandoned it and decided to take a gamble with a ruined ritual circle. A few of the lines were messed up, but he ignored it and focused on completing it.

Just one more line!

He frantically carved out the patterns, joining them with each other and let out a sigh of relief as he saw a completed ritual of intersecting circles. A part of it was barely recognizable due to the blood.

A [Cleansing] spell might have helped, but he was out of mana. The fight with the fiend had drained his reserves.

He heard a shrill voice and, as expected, soon several more creatures came inside, filling the room. They were all beasts filled with corrupted mana, but it didn't matter now.

He gave them a look and dropped the blood on his hands on the ritual circle.

In his heart, he only wished that the ritual circle would work as expected. That it would send him back to an era where he might still have a chance to stop the apocalypse from happening.

The symbols ignited, and an intense flash of white light enveloped the room. Threads of mana passed through his soul, drawing power to keep the ritual running as his body slumped on the floor. The fleeting moment came to an end when the world surrounding Kai went completely white.

The last thing he heard, before he lost consciousness, were the yells of the ugly monsters.

***

Kai flinched as a sharp pain assaulted his chest. His whole body was numb as he panted on the floor.

It felt like he had just stepped out of a prolonged period of floating in the cosmos. He didn't know how long it had been, but it definitely felt like years. Probably centuries.

A few seconds went by as he calmed down before the numbness disappeared and his eyes adjusted. Wait! His eyes!

He touched his left eye and found it intact.

It's healed completely!!

He didn't know how he had gotten his left eye back. The ritual wasn't supposed to heal him at all. It was only supposed to take him back in time.

Where am I? Am I really alive?

He was surprised that the ritual had worked, though he didn't know to what degree. With how crude it had been, there was a greater chance of it failing.

If death wasn't in front of him, Kai would have never gone for it.

At least it hadn't shredded his soul into pieces to be eaten by whatever lay beyond the afterlife, so that was a positive.

He looked around.

Kai was lying on a hardwood floor as he stared at the ceiling. Different carvings on the ceiling made him frown. He didn't recognise any of them.

He was supposed to have woken up in a cave or a forest, not in a room.

Something bubbled up in his heart and he felt unusual. His eyes immediately went to his hands and he quickly realised that the scars were gone. He gasped in horror and sat up straight.

The sudden movement caused a rush of blood to his head that made him dizzy.

“What in the Mersal's name is happening?”

He looked down on his physique.

His eyes grew wide as he noticed the tunic he was wearing was covered in blood. He opened the tunic button by button to reveal…

“Is that… a knife wound?” Kai said aloud in shock.

As he said the words, the wound slowly closed as if someone had used a healing spell on him. But that was impossible.

Something had gone terribly wrong with the ritual and one more look at himself was enough for him to realize that this wasn't his body. He had taken someone else's identity.

That realisation struck him like a mana bolt in the head as he gasped.

He breathed to calm himself down and noticed something he had been missing.

“There's mana in the air! Pure uncontaminated mana!”

All his thoughts and questions halted when a rush of fresh air hit his nostrils. He inhaled deeply and closed his eyes, feeling the warmth of being alive once and for all. His instincts made him get to his feet.

The air had a quality about it that brought tears to his eyes— Mana. Goosebumps covered his entire body.

He breathed in once again.

The mana in the air was so powerful it crackled with every breath Kai took. The sheer amount of mana left him wordless. This surpassed anything he had ever felt before.

Kai raised his hands, feeling all the energy that filled the air. It filled the entire room, and in his 40 years of life, he had never felt so much.

His ritual had worked, albeit differently than what he had hoped.

What is this place? Kai looked around from where he stood.

The room was bathed in an eerie light that emanated from what looked like another ritual circle beneath him.

His eyes widened at another peculiar thing as he took in the situation that he was in the middle of.

Arcane symbols were drawn all around him. The symbols were alien to him; not being one of the languages he knew and had learned. Some of them seemed similar to Hales Tongue, but he couldn't be sure since blood had spilt over them.

It was a completely different ritual circle than the kinds he knew of.

Questions became hurricanes in his mind after seeing the symbols. He tried to focus and understand his situation better.

Although the ritual had worked, he knew there would be complications since a part of it was ruined. Half-completed ritual circles were always volatile. As a result of it, he had even changed bodies.

If his assumption was correct, the ritual had only sent his soul back in time which had found a compatible body for him to control. It didn't make a lot of sense to him, but then again, the soul was a part of magical theory that had barely progressed in years.

It was too mysterious.

He decided to gather information first and took a look around the room.

There was a four-poster bed draped with heavy velvet right behind him. The bed was extremely lavish apart from the poor draping skills. The rest of the bedside decorations were canopy hangings and ornate wood furniture, including storage chests and cabinets for personal belongings.

Whoever used to own this body was rich. Maybe a lord or a wealthy merchant, Kai contemplated, looking over the room.

He walked towards the bed and touched it. It had gone stone cold. Nobody had used the bed for hours.

The fireplace caught his attention. It was the main focus of the room, with the hearth having heraldic symbols carved above it. This time, he recognised the language as Manakrit.

His fingertips followed them as he contemplated the meaning of it. It was a common tongue that had spanned centuries, so it was hard to say which era he was in. His ritual was supposed to bring him to the past, but he hadn't gotten time to specify a date.

His wish was simply to go back as far as possible. However, he assumed 500 years was the limit for the ritual, so he must be around that period.

In the first place, it had been a suicidal attempt with a variable chance of success. Yet things had somehow worked out.

Looking around, he saw a picture frame stuck on the wall from the corner of his eye.

Kai turned and walked towards the picture. It was an old man. His bald head and his stern gaze were pointed to his left, as he sat in a seat comfortably. It was weird that the picture was just sitting there, in the corner of a room like this.

He guessed that it was either some important individual Kai didn't recognise or the owner of the place.

With the ritual, everything seemed odd.

The former body owner had wounds that were fresh in two or three places, including his hands and feet. The clothes were covered with slightly dried-up blood.

“What was the guy even doing? He wasn't trying a similar ritual to go back in time, right?”

His voice was strange. Hoarse, and deeper than he remembered.

Closing his eyes, he remembered his last few minutes in the tower. It was infested with bloodthirsty creatures. Every moment was tense, but in this room, there was a weird sense of serenity that he hadn't felt in a long time.

He was alive, at least.

He sighed in content and opened his eyes. breathing mana with a wide smile.

The mana in the air tempted him to extend his hand. He needed more light to see around the symbols.

His index finger swirled a little into a circle while he envisioned lighting up the central fireplace. Normally, this spell would’ve ignited a small fireball, but nothing came.

Immediately, Kai took a few steps forward. He inhaled the air, feeling the energy in his bones, and tried the spell again, his hand moving attempting a simple spell even a 1st circle mage could’ve done in a blink.

He even muttered an incantation for added effect, normally reserved for harder spells.

“[Astrum Octavia].”

Once again, he successfully failed.

He’d normally cast something so simple with just intent, but it wasn't working.

Something clouded his mind. He looked down on his new body and concentrated internally. He could sense mana and could feel his Mana Veins, even his Mana Heart seemed intact, but focusing on it, he realised that the body he was in was a Non-Mage.

He hadn't even started his magical journey and couldn't cast a single spell.

All the mana organs were intact, but he hadn't awakened as a mage. The realisation of it made him wince. Not only had he lost his body, he had also lost his strength. He used to be a 5th Circle Magus. Now, he was a mere mortal. Ordinary.

If he had really awakened in a cave or a forest, he might have been killed by wild beasts.

“This… can’t be true.” Kai's refusal to believe the reality of his situation overwhelmed his thoughts for a few more seconds as he closed his eyes to feel his insides. Seconds stretch to minutes as he contemplated his new reality.

He slowly took in the fact that he was no longer Kai. He was in someone else's body and had taken over him. He didn't know who that person was, but he had been killed by whatever ritual he had been attempting.

That was the best summarisation.

A few possibilities of what could have happened flashed by him. Some were worth contemplating. Others were too bizarre.

He decided to investigate first.

“What’s that?”

His eyes followed the trail of the bloody ritual on the floor to find a piece of parchment.

Kai bent down to swiftly pick it up. The torn page lay between his fingertips, the words written on it were with blood.

Whoever had written it had poor penmanship, to say the least. He slowly read out the words.

“I will die and be reborn. Everyone will fear my might and the dawn of blood will arrive again.”

He dropped the parchment on the floor, wondering if he had come back in the past and inside the body of a cultist. But even if it was a cultist, the surroundings including the room didn’t sum up, and if he was somehow in the body of a noble who was a ritualistic devotee, things would only get worse from here.

He didn't want to deal with a cult. At least not when he was basically powerless.

Kai let the weight of the situation settle in, but the door sprung open.

He immediately looked to the side and saw a woman with widened eyes. Her eyes were on the floor seeing the symbols, syllables, lines, and curves; all of it. Then they fell on the owner of the room, bloodied and in the middle of this encounter, with his hands at his side.

That was him and he noticed the woman looked like a maid.

“I-” The maid opened her mouth, but nothing came out.

Kai stared at her, again feeling like he was simply going from one problem to another.

Ah shit! How do I get out of this one?



A note from Extra26



Hello everyone, please rate, review and follow if you like it. If we make it to Top 15 in Rising stars in a week, there will be bonus chapters.





2. A sudden attack


Kai looked at the maid and tried his best to not show any emotions.

Her face was pale and she looked to be straddling the line between lean and malnourished. It was different from the body he was in which looked to be well fed.

Her lips were wide open without moving for a few long seconds as she tried to gather the words.

The silence seemed to stretch before she remarked, “Lord Arzan, there's… there's blood on your clothes.” Her eyes lingered on his chest where the blood was clotted.

She spoke in Manakrit, he took note of the name she called him with. The language was familiar, but the accent was different than he remembered. Though, it seemed like he was really in a noble's body.

Arzan. I guess that's what I'm called now.

He didn't have time to ponder about it as he needed to deal with the situation at hand.

How was he going to handle the maid that had popped up out of nowhere? If he was even a 1st Circle mage, a sleeping spell might have done the job, but he didn't have that option right now.

“I’m not hurt,” he said with a commanding tone. “You don't have to worry about it.”

The maid's eyes went towards the ritual circles and the mess that was on the floor and Kai felt a headache creeping up. There were better ways to deal with it, but he was used to spells doing all the hard work.

Now, he was without them.

“Still, let me go find Cleric Jo—”

“No need to.”

He cut her off. He wasn’t sure if the body owner was open about his “hobbies”, but either way, he wasn’t about to expose himself to any Clerics who might think of him as a dark sorcerer and try to get the church after him.

From the maid's shocked reaction, it didn't seem like she was privy to his hobbies.

Before she could ask any questions, he shot a question at her, “What are you here for? You didn't even knock on the door.”

Kai hadn't been a noble, but he knew they didn't like to be disturbed and had sets of etiquette.

The maid's eyes went wide the moment he asked the question, “Lord Arzan, I'm sorry, I should have told you this beforehand, but there's been a situation in the estate.”

“What kind of a situation?”

“A mana… mana weaver has appeared! Guards are trying to fight it, but I thought I should inform you.”

The urgency in her voice was all he needed to know.

Mana weaver. That can be bad if it's highly corrupted.

“There's no mage around to deal with it?” he asked in a questioning tone.

“We knocked on the doors of Mage Actra, but he kicked the maids out, telling them not to disturb him. A few guards set off immediately to get Knight Killian, but we don't know if he would be able to get here fast enough.”

He frowned and considered his options. Even in his current state, he could think of a few tricks against a mana weaver and he doubted whether the guards would be able to handle one, especially without an Enforcer or a Mage helping them.

“How corrupt is it?” he asked and the maid stared back in silence.

“Uh, I—I don't know.”

He sighed as the maid cowered in front of him. Not wanting to waste any more time, he made a decision.

“Okay, give me a minute. Stand outside the door.”

The maid obeyed his words. He opened the drawers and saw fresh clothes that were neatly folded inside.

He rummaged through the stack. There was a wide range of tidy tunics—tunics made of wool, and linen, all richly embroidered, and several tunics that were made of silk.

It was obvious that the garments were made for a wealthy man. He grabbed a tunic from the stack and a pair of pants along with it.

Kai wished to wash away the blood from his body and take a bath, but there wasn’t any time for that.

As he walked outside, he saw that the maid was waiting for him. She bowed to him as he exited his room and came into her field of vision.

“Take me there,” he said and let the maid guide him.

Kai wasn’t familiar with the estate, therefore he let the maid lead.

Without waiting further, she started to walk briskly. Every step was hurried as she turned to walk through the corridor opening that was outside his room.

Kai silently followed her, taking quick steps one after another. He looked around as he walked, trying to observe the place. Since the corridors were quite narrow with only dim lighting that came from the torches, his sensitivity heightened.

She took a turn to the left that led down to a staircase. His eyes wandered around.

It looks to be a household with a history.

The walls beneath the stairs were filled with pictures and weapons. The weapons were, in fact, quite the sight. From different sizes of swords, staffs, bows and arrows, and javelins to small throwing knives and boomerangs, the collection was massive.

The paintings and weaponry assemblage expanded for two more floors, and they finally halted in front of a narrow path. It had a similar setting to the corridor they had encountered previously.

The path was quite dark, even though it had a few lamps here and there.

The maid turned to her side, allowing Kai to move ahead without her. Fear was prominent in her face as she looked at the passage.

Kai heard shrieks and cries through the trail. He stopped in his tracks as he realised that the attack was taking place just around the corner. The screeches got louder along with the noises of metal clashing.

“Stay right here,” Kai said and walked ahead. It was only a few steps inside when he reached toward the metal handle of the wooden door. Light suddenly blinded his eyes as he pushed it open.

It was the courtyard.

As his eyes slowly adjusted to the light, he noticed that there were some workers and a few other maids, trembling with fear watching the scenario in front of them. They were backed to the corner beside the door.

Kai moved past them to observe the guards in front of a massive water fountain.

They were trying their best to control the Mana Weaver, but without the help of a Mage or an Enforcer, their attempt wasn't going to lead to success. There were already a few guards on the ground, injured and bleeding.

Strangely, the maids hadn't run away but were too scared to interfere in the battle.

Soon, the maids who were hiding behind the fountain noticed him.

“Lord Arzan, please don't get close to that monster. He’s corrupted!” A maid who was among them yelled across the courtyard from behind the fountain.

“Stay back!”

“Please don’t go in there!”

Murmurs and mumbles spread from everyone as their attention turned towards Kai.

He ignored them as his focus was stolen by a specific man who seemed to be the centre of the fight. The man wore a torn guard uniform and had his hand tightened around the throat of another guard. With his other hand, he aggressively pulled a guard towards himself. That was when Kai saw his hands.

The fingers had turned to claws, but the arms were still human. Dark lines scaled up on the arms, showing the extent of corruption that had taken place.

It was a mutant— a mana weaver.

It lifted the guard off the floor and continued to press the claws to the sides of his arm. In return, the guard could only bash the shield against Its head, desperately, in the hopes that It would let go of him.

The noise of the metal banging filled the air.

The guard yelled in pain. The blows from his shields only got weaker and he dropped it on the ground.

The mana weaver threw the two guards rolling on the ground. Its moves were swift and unpredictable, as It quickly rushed towards two more men and threw them across the floor.

“Argh!” A few more guards advanced, covering themselves with shields. As the mana weaver turned around to face the guards, Kai got a better view of how It looked.

The weaver’s face was gruesomely disfigured, half morphed into a corpse and the other half, human, engraved with fresh scars. Its face itself was enough to make little children and grown men cry.

The scars went beyond Its face, extending to Its hands.

The entire thing looked like It was straight out of a nightmare.

It looks to be at the first stage. I might just be able to do something.

Kai observed the mana weaver and weighed his options. If It was already fully transformed, then he doubted anyone would be able to save them. Maybe, the Mage that the maid had talked about, but he didn't know how strong he was. For all he knew, they could be a Novice Mage.

For now, he had to deal with it and although there was risk involved, he knew he could pull it off. Otherwise, people were going to die.

He ran towards an injured guard. Blood was oozing from his sides. Kai carefully sneaked past him and picked up the shield that was lying on the floor.

The shield didn't seem like it would protect him from a lot of blows, but he just had to get close to it. Controlling his breathing, he calmed his rapidly beating heart.

This body doesn't seem athletic or it would have been easier, Kai thought to himself while trying to manoeuvre around.

He closely observed the weaver’s movements and looked for any opportunities to attack.

Taking calculated steps ahead, he patiently waited until he was just close enough. When the mana weaver tried to slash at a guard, Kai ran forward.

The mana weaver didn't see him coming, and as footsteps echoed behind it, the monster turned back only for Kai's shield to come into contact with its head.

With a yelp, the mana weaver was on its knees. Kai’s hands tightened around the shield as he once again landed a blow on its head, hitting the same spot, again and again.

He attacked the side that still looked human-like and blood started dripping out of it.

A dual-toned cry pervaded the air, as the mana weaver emitted a raw, visceral painful scream and an otherworldly lament at the same time.

It leapt forward, slashing at his face and Kai protected it with his shield just in time before kicking it away.

It cried, staring with a vicious glare at him, but Kai didn't give it any time. With the adrenaline rush powering his movements, he charged forward.

He hit the weaver once again, putting all his strength into that blow.

The mutant fell on the floor, holding its head.

“Hold It!” Kai yelled loudly as three guards came running. They held the monster by its shoulders, and their legs strapped to the sides of its abdomen, keeping it in place.

It wouldn't stay still for long.

He saw the corruption inside its body spreading. The weaver struggled on the floor and Kai could see through a small gap in its eyelids that the eyes were starting to turn black.

A newly transformed mana weaver’s strength was almost double that of a normal human, and the guards barely managed to contain it.

He knew he couldn’t use his usual magic, therefore, he had to try something else. A technique that had long lost its meaning with the rise in strength of mana weavers, but here, it might just work out.

After all, the transformation didn't look to be older than a day.

Kai walked around and grabbed the mana weaver by its throat. His thumb searched the back of its neck to find the exact nerve.

There it is. With sturdy fingers, he pointed his index and middle finger and pressed right on the nerve, in an attempt to put it to a slight slumber.

The mana weaver tried to pull its hands out of the guards’ grip—the claws opened and closed. It tried to grab the guard to its left.

Kai pressed until it hurt, but soon, the mana weaver stopped struggling.

He took a step backwards, a bit drained out of energy and looked down. This body wasn't used to moving much and it was going to be a problem.

The weaver's hands fell to Its sides as it slowly lost its strength and fell into a slumber. Kai’s attempt was successful.

A few more guards broke through the door at that moment. They seemed to have run to the courtyard, but seeing the mana weaver on the ground, they stood confused.

“Lock it inside a room. I’ll take a look at It later. It won't wake up for a while but use chains to bind It. It will try to break free again,” Kai’s authoritative voice came out loud as he turned towards the guards.

He didn't know his relationship with them and how he was perceived, but there was no time to figure that out.

A few of the guards nodded, and one bowed, his eyes looking at Kai in a strange light. The others had similar reactions, especially the maids who were whispering something among themselves.

The guard in front seemed to hesitate before opening his mouth, “Why don't we kill It, Lord Arzan?”

Kai shook his head, a bit surprised by the question. The transformation hadn't increased enough that there was no remedy. Killing It would be unnecessary.

“No, killing it won’t solve the problem.”

“But it's how we usually deal with these beings. If we let it live, then it will contaminate the surroundings further.”

“It's just in the first stage. There's no need—” he stopped speaking, realising the strange look the guard was giving him.

It seemed like there had been something he was missing. If he had any memories of Arzan, it might have been easy, but right now, he had to try to not come off as too strange to these people.

“No, just put it inside a cell. It's an order.” He refused to explain anything just yet. “Get these guards to get the help they need. They’re losing too much blood.”

He commanded and looked over at the guards who were still scattered around the greenery, dealing with injuries.

“Yes, Lord Arzan,” the guard nodded towards his fellow men. “Take it inside!” He yelled and joined the other guards to help them carry the mana weaver inside.

Four guards held the weaver by the sides, all the while its legs were dragging through the floor. It had completely lost consciousness, and by how the guards struggled slightly, Kai knew it must be heavy.

He walked past all the men and women who were now discussing the incident among themselves.

They threw stares at him and continued to talk about him. The words “Lord Arzan” were heard more than five times as Kai got around to the corner of the courtyard.

Kai saw to it that even the injured guards that were on the floor were being lifted and taken inside the infirmary for treatment.

He knew he needed some time to think. A headache had crept in and he knew nothing about the place and the body he had occupied.

He turned and walked the same way he came in.

He went around the people who were walking here and there with heavy tasks in their hands after the attack. Some were carrying water buckets to clean the blood that was spilt during the attack in the courtyard, and some carried the shields of the injured to the armoury.

As he got through the door, he found out the maid was still hiding in the same spot as per his instructions. But as soon as she saw Kai, she walked forward towards him.

“I’m tired,” he said, to avoid any questions the maid might have. “Come with me.”

The maid nodded in return and followed Kai as he walked to his room. She closed the door behind her, and her eyes trailed Kai who sat on the bed immediately.

She looked around the room, taking note of the bloody ritual once again. The fear and the panic had subsided, though she still saw him with strange eyes.

As he sat on the bed, he looked down at his body.

After the rush of adrenaline that passed away, he felt drained. He also hadn't eaten in a while, but before that, he had to do something so that the words of whatever ritual he was conducting didn't spread to anyone else.

He looked up to see the maid’s eyes roaming around the place. She looked concerned but curious.

“Don’t let anyone know about this,” He commanded, gesturing around the room. The woman immediately nodded, startled by his voice.

“Yes!”

“What is your name?” He asked, wondering if he should push her more. Threatening innocents wasn't his thing and once he recovered his magic, a spell could easily solve his problems.

Till then he needed the maid to be on his side.

“Claire, Lord Arzan.” She said and Kai took a good look at her. She had an ordinary round face with brown hair. She resembled a scared bunny as she lowered her face, refusing to look him in the eyes.

Just by seeing how she behaved, he knew the former soul didn't have the best of the reputation.

It was just the perfect scenario for him.

“Claire, if you keep your mouth shut and do as I say, there will be rewards for you.”

“Rewards?” She looked curiously at him.

“Yes,” he said, grabbing into one of his pockets to take out a gold coin. It seemed like Arzan had a habit of forgetting money in his pockets.

Claire's eyes shone as she looked at the gold coin, clearly finding it valuable. In most eras, a gold coin was valuable and akin to the monthly salary of individuals. That was all the response he needed as he pushed the coin towards her and she grabbed it.

“Work hard and there will be more of these.”

“Y-yes!!”

“Bring me some tea, please, Claire. And some food, preferably some bread.”



“Yes, Lord Arzan.” She turned to walk out of the room as Kai asked another question.

“Do you know who's the current king?”

The maid halted on her steps and replied.

“King Thorian,” she responded quickly. “Why are you asking?”

“No, nothing. You can go.”

Kai frowned immediately as she left, taking a few minutes to remember the name from his history lessons before his frown deepened. His ritual had gone terribly wrong.





3. Uncovering past


Claire left the room, leaving Kai to his thoughts.

His frown deepened as he realised he had gone way farther into the past than he initially wanted. His intention with the forbidden ritual was to find himself somewhere around the period when the Third Mage War was happening.

It felt like the perfect period for him and also because the ritual didn't seem to hold the power to send him further back. It seems like he was highly wrong.

If Claire hadn't been lying and he doubted she was, then the Third Mage War would happen more than a thousand years later.

Who thought going back more than 500 years into the past was even possible?

Kai contemplated and regretted not learning about such rituals in detail. But in his defence, soul-succumbing rituals were forbidden for Mages to practise due to ethical reasons. One reason was also because no mage was crazy enough to risk his soul.

If things go wrong, the results wouldn't just be a petty death.

But, still.

Kai flinched at the recollection. The guards' behaviour with the mana weaver and the strangeness of everything started to make sense to him.

Regardless, at the moment, he had something bigger to worry about— King Thorian.

In the numerous texts he had read about different empires and kingdoms, there was only one ‘King Thorian’ he came across.

His memory served him with history as he remembered that King Thorian was the ruler of the Lancephil Kingdom.

His knowledge of the kingdom and era wasn't the best, but there were a few things he remembered.

Lancephil Kingdom had been one of the major players in the world around the late 800s. Although King Thorian Lancephil wasn't anything special, Kai remembered the details clearly because of his successor, King Eldric.

His actions led to the beginning of the Golden Era of magic— The best and the worst era for Mages and humanity as a whole.

Thinking about the era, his master had talked about with glee, but beyond the magical achievements and theories that had been developed, the period wasn't something he had personally liked.

Kai’s brows knit in reflection.

If Thorian is still the King, then, I must be around 20-30 years behind the Golden Era. I wonder how old is he currently?

The calculations in his mind added up as a glimpse of hope shimmered. He inhaled as much fresh mana as possible that was in the air. As soon as the air hit his lungs, he sensed the mana calming his racing mind.

To someone like him, that was the best thing about such a period. The ambient mana in the air was the purest and he felt like he could simply meditate all day.

Albeit he had no time and had to find his background and scour exact information about Arzan.

He looked through the room once again, this time, thoroughly enough to find something that would help him.

His gaze fell onto the ritual first. The same symbols and sculptings he saw when he first looked at them. He scrunched down. The harder he tried to decipher them, the more unrecognisable they seemed. Trying to match the language of symbols for different languages he knew, again, he realised that they were vague.

His finger traced a cross-like symbol that was etched on the wooden floor. A few of the symbols made sense, but they were from different languages, mashed together like a soup made up of leftovers.

No wonder Arzan had died.

Though, he couldn't be sure. All he knew the man could have been trying to do a similar ritual to his.

This is nothing like I’ve ever seen.

Kai finally gave up and got to his feet. He found a candle and lit up a fireplace. With some oil, it came to life. A simple spell might have done the job, but for now, he was powerless.

The room appeared much bigger than when he first saw it as light reached all the corners. The focus on the details became prominent as he raked through.

He also realised that this seemed to be one of the months of Frosania. The room temperature heated thanks to the fireplace and he was grateful that the window had a wooden panel to shut off the winds.

It seemed like Arzan was wealthy enough to have an impressive collection of belongings.

Kai glanced at the various bottles of scents. There were at least thirty bottles of different kinds. As he sprayed one in the air, the smell of lavender filled the room. Kai scrunched his nose, the concentration was way too strong for his liking.

These types of scents would be pretty expensive and only a select wealthy would have access to them in this era, leading him to believe that Arzan's standing was much higher than he initially assumed.

Next, he swept through a few other things, useless trinkets, pairs of clothes and shoes, a dagger, quills, blank sheets of paper and what looked to be a wooden wand that was merely a plaything.

Useless, Kai shook his head in uninterest. Arzan seemed like he was into all sorts of things. Surprisingly, there wasn't anything that pointed towards him being a cultist.

Aside from chalk that was used to draw the symbols and a bloody knife, there was nothing else.

Now, only one place was left.

In the right corner of the room, where the windows were tightly shut with curtains, Kai saw a shelf of books.

His interest piqued as he walked towards it, and grabbed hold of two of them. They were fictional books rather than about arcane symbols or rituals as Kai had expected. He couldn’t help but turn a few pages.

Grabbing two more from the cluster, Kai started to read a few pages.

Hmm.

Kai noticed a pattern in the books as he kept everything in order. It was all books of Mages who were heroes of sorts. A hobby of reading fiction was something that they both seemed to share in common. But what caught his attention was something else.

Among the books that were inclined to the left on the shelf, one book, red in colour, was slanting towards the right.

His hands immediately went to it and grabbed it.

Opening it up, he saw handwriting that seemed familiar. It was similar to the note that he had found.

•••

Kai’s fingers wrapped around the knife. He cut a piece of bread from the soft loaf. The fork assisted him. He chewed on the bread and quickly kept the utensils aside. He took the diary to his hands and continued where he had stopped.

The messy cursives grabbed his full focus once again.

He had spent the past thirty minutes reading and trying to get to know the man better. And luckily, he found a lot of information about himself and his family.

The diary seemed to have written records of everything that happened in the last year. Information including his family, disputes and even stories related to what had led Arzan to be banished from his own house.

Kai’s eyes followed the letters.

12th Junaris, 865.

The times are changing, I could feel it. I have to let it out, but writing is a whole lot better than discussing it with someone. It all started with the succession. The talk about succession is not any kind of pretty around the palace. The only thing Lucian talks about is his plan for the duchy. Father barely says a word, but it seems like the conclusion has been made. I couldn't do anything about it, having advised to be kept out of the feud. I'm powerless.

Kai realised that it was still the middle of last year— ‘Junaris’. As soon as the first son of the Duke was of age, the discussions of the succession had started to spread like wildfire.

Finding that Arzan was part of the Duke family, albeit one that hadn't left a mark in history was surprising, but a better rank among nobility gave much better standing to him.

He continued to read, scanning through the pages.

The records weren’t consistent, but it looked like if Arzan had something interesting in his day, he wrote it down.

Pages after pages, his writings included situations he encountered, a few important and a lot that he skimmed through. Likewise, months passed in the diary when something caught his attention.

20th, Novaris, 865

Things have taken a rather expected turn. Today, Lucian and Edrian almost ripped each others’ heads off at practice. I wasn’t there, but I heard about it. Although I’m not allowed to go to the grounds filled with practising Mages, I wish I was there to watch. On the other hand, I’m glad I didn’t. From what I heard, Lucian was winning. He is the eldest and the most powerful after all. And Lucian’s alliances to the succession are way more than Edrian's. I was a mere spectator in the war. Sometimes I was thankful for the peace, but I felt like a coward. If only I had been a Mage like them…

Kai sighed, feeling somewhat bad for Arzan. He practically stayed a shadow among the kingdom elite filled with Mages. His mention of, ‘If only I was a Mage’ had been written over several situations. Some situations were horrible, but some were also his own doing.

But, why didn't he awaken as a Mage? Maybe there are answers to this itself.

He leaned towards the desk, adjusted in his seat and started to turn pages. The stories were few and far between, and even finding connections was sometimes hard for Kai.

24th, Junaris, 866

It’s been over three days since I’ve been appointed. From what I’ve heard, the place is… different. My worries about certain things only keep growing more and more as I continue to think about them. Therefore, I had to pick my quill. That place… City of Veralt. Who would’ve thought that I’d end up ruling there? Not me, but Lucian did. I can still see it when I close my eyes, how he was not surprised when my father announced my title, that too, right after he announced his successor. Father’s exact words were, “Arzan, I appoint you to be the Honorary Baron for the precious City of Veralt. The city would cherish a leader like you.” In other words, a powerless leader that the city could throw stones at. Lucian’s smile… He knew it, But that look on his face that he gave me in front of the family…

The entire page was filled with hatred towards his brother’s attitude and how he wished to vanish from their sight as soon as possible.

Details about his father, The Duke, his elder brother and his second elderly brother were all over it— But then, Kai realised that there was no mention of his mother throughout Arzan’s diary so far.

Kai wanted to understand Arzan better, but his emotions were uncertain with all the hatred he was letting out, it was hard.

What were his intentions after coming here?

Kai hoped that there would be more about his stay here—in the city and read the last line of the page.

… today was chaotic. But I’ll stop here. My prayers are for tomorrow in a new place-City of Veralt.

There it was. Kai quickly turned the page, wanting to read more. But his eagerness halted when he found the rest of the pages empty. The white, blank pages stared back at him.

24th, Junaris, 866

Kai noticed the last date. If his estimations are right, it should’ve been six months ago that the records stopped. Six months that Arzan had been here.

This is strange

Arzan had used this diary for over a year, yet it had stopped six months back, right after he was banished to this city. It didn't make sense.

The timing just wasn’t right, Kai could feel it.

The ritual… I found nothing about it

Kai thought again. If he found nothing about the ritual for a year, that could only mean that the knowledge was recent. And there was no way that someone like Arzan wouldn’t have mentioned a ritual if he knew before.

Something had been amiss.

The knock on the door withdrew Kai’s attention from Arzan.

He stood up from his seat and went to open it.

“Lord Arzan,” the guard said, giving a respectful nod to Kai.

It was the same guard who talked to Kai about putting the Mana Weaver away. This time, he looked a bit more collected than before.

“Yes, what is it?” Kai questioned.

“My Lord, The mana weaver we captured has been secured in one of the cells, as you ordered. The Clerics in the church have tended to the injured, and things are under control for now,” the guard said, giving him a brief report of all the things.

Kai nodded and took in the information, but caught something in the guard's eyes. He looked to be hesitating about something.

“Is there nothing else?” He probed.

“There’s one more thing, Lord Arzan.” The guard’s eyes shifted to the floor immediately. He struggled to decide between the words.

Kai halted for a second but responded, “Speak freely, what is it?” he urged, the need to know the guard’s visible hesitation grew within Kai.

“Knight Killian was quite displeased with us. He was angry that we didn't eliminate the mana weaver immediately,” the guard said while looking at Kai. His eyes were searching for Kai’s reaction.

Kai nodded, taking immediate note of the name— Knight Killian, but he refused to show any emotions. This was the second time it came up. He knew nothing about him, therefore he avoided any sort of comment.

He had to meet with him sooner rather than later anyway.

“I will deal with him. For now…” Kai shifted the focus to the mana weaver, wanting to know more. “About the Mana Weaver, it was one of the guards, right?” He questioned with a frown.

“Yes, Lord Arzan.” The guard nodded. “He suddenly mutated in the middle of the practice drill and attacked. There were no deaths, but some of the men got injured. We questioned other guards, but there were no hints. No one noticed any changes,” the guard explained. “His family is in a similar cell, in case they’re corrupted.”

Kai nodded again.

“Don’t do anything excessive. Keep the family safe for a week, and release them if there’s nothing strange. That’s a direct order. I will come down to meet the weaver tomorrow.” Kai’s words were firm. He paused before adding, “And as for Knight Killian, you don't have to worry too much about him. The mana weaver matter is something I will directly handle,” he said further, addressing the guard.

The latter nodded and gave a formal acknowledgement, leaving Kai’s doorstep.

Kai closed the door and walked back inside, still lost in thoughts.

The mana weaver issue was strange since there didn't seem to be anything out of place in the estate. It meant that the corruption was either artificial or the guard had come in contact with dead mana directly. It could also be other things, but he would have to investigate more for now.

In his current state, there were limits to what he could do and a mana weaver appearing in the estate meant that there might be others around.

He needed to do something about awakening his Mana Heart first of all. He sat on the little chair in front of the table and thought of one strange thing that recurred in his mind.



When he had focused internally, he found that all the mana organs were present. But in the diary, Arzan continuously mentioned that he wasn’t a Mage and how if he was, things would have been vastly different.

Why couldn’t he awaken as a Mage if he has all the organs? Even if his talents were weak, he could’ve gotten help from other Mages. He’s a Duke’s son, for Heaven’s sake.

Kai scratched his head, pondering over that mystery. He closed his eyes and focused inwardly.

He took slow breaths— Inhaled and exhaled. The air filled his lungs as his focus started to brush over his Mana Brain then his Mana Heart, and finally his Mana Veins when he immediately stopped.

His breath hitched in his throat when he realised what had happened.

There had been a few possibilities he had thought of, but this one was the strangest of them all. Arzan didn't suffer from some disease or a dead Mana Heart which might have been a common problem to awaken as a Mage.

“He was poisoned.”





4. Debts and Stuff


Poison has been a lethal weapon throughout history.

Even Mages, who were more sensitive to their surroundings, were not immune from something like poison. Normal ones might not work on them as they could simply push it out, but Poison Masters had always tried to invent different poisons specifically for Mages.

As the strength and the powers of a Mage increased with time, different designs of poison evolved accordingly.

They were created with different variations, some strong enough to kill a Mage instantly and some taking their time and being hard to detect until it was too late.

Basically, according to the formula that they were made.

The worst poisons for Mages weren't those that would kill them instantly, but those that would make them crippled.

A crippled mage was far more useless than a common person since even regular work would prove daunting to them.

Poison makes things more interesting.

Kai’s thoughts swirled as he breathed in and out. He felt the foreign substance in his body as the air left his lungs. His hand came intact with his stomach as he continued to focus on his body.

He moved the small amount of mana he had through his veins, but something blocked it and sent it back.

Kai might have just assumed it as a case of mana blockage, if not for his familiarity with the poison.

I never thought I would find myself in a body inflicted with Mana Bane. Fate is something.

Kai thought to himself, a weary smile creeping on his face. Images of his childhood popped up, scrambling for food in alleyways and stealing for a living. All the time while dealing with a Mana Bane affliction.

Though, this time, it looked like he was dealing with a weaker version of the poison he knew of.

It made sense as it was centuries earlier and in the coming time, this poison would be used as one of the basic concoctions for anyone treading the Art of Venom mastery.

Its real name wasn't Mana Bane, but it had been known as that for centuries.

It was also carefully planted. If not for him checking his body thoroughly, it would have been hard for him to detect it.

Kai inhaled sharply.

The poison blocked the rhythmic flow of mana, and stayed there like a block of wall, separating two sides.

That also explained why he couldn’t do spells even though he had a Mana Heart and was able to sense the lingering mana in the air.

But why did no one notice the poison in my veins?

The question remained in his head for a solid second.

Maybe, just maybe what had happened was that Arzan was labelled a cripple by a Testing Mage who had been careless. No one would have bothered with him after that since it would have seemed like a case of mana blockage instead of poison.

Mana surgeries would only start a few centuries later, so he might have been a lost case.

Not only does that make sense, but that adds up to his constant worries in the diary.

But the truth could be far from what he expected.

After all, whoever had injected the poison in him would have taken care of not getting found out. He had a few people in mind for whom it might be based on the diary entries, but the poison had been injected way before the Awakening for sure.

It had been frozen in place for years now.

Whoever it had been, that person couldn't be his siblings. Arzan was the youngest, but not by much. He doubted newly awakened Mages would have access to such poisons. Though, he knew nobles were a scheming breed.

He had come across a few, and it had seldom gone well.

Political rivalries of a Duke's son would be way worse. For now, he had way less information to form a conclusion.

Kai frowned and decided to get the poison out of his veins first.

One good thing about this being an earlier version of the Mana Bane he knew of was that the veins weren’t damaged. If Kai had been a few centuries late, there wouldn't have been any remedy without a major surgery.

The current version simply worked to block the flow of mana in his veins.

In this state, if Kai tried to awaken as a Mage, the backlash would burst his veins and Mana Heart, killing him instantly.

Even the thought of that made him wince internally.

He had to be quick now.

He knew what was going on inside him, and the only way he could save himself for the future was to do what he had to; remove the poison from his veins.

He closed his eyes.

The room fell silent as he consciously listened to his rhythmic breathing. He focused on his intention, the subtle hum in the air grew further as he concentrated on pushing the poison out.

He used a thin strand of mana and pushed the poison, slowly increasing the mana to put more pressure.

He could feel the relentless resistance of the poison, like an inky adversary.

Kai struggled but focused harder on pushing it out of his body. The poison inside him fought back, stubborn and malevolent.

It had been stuck for too long.

He furrowed when the poison’s resistance became stronger as he tried. His forehead started covering in sweat, as he used every bit of mana he had.

He hadn't felt like this in years, but having an unawakened heart meant a very low amount of mana which might just be enough to push out the poison, but there was no guarantee.

Kai focused harder.

Just a bit more.

His muscles tensed as he fought back. If someone came in the room, they would think he was simply meditating, but Kai knew he was on a battlefield, every bit of mana in his body fighting to free his veins from the poison.

He inhaled deeply and finally, with everything he got, he pushed one last time against the wall of frozen poison.

Kai coughed as he felt his energy drained. But he felt a release in his body.

His hand covered his mouth as something came up to his throat. A few seconds passed by as Kai crunched down with his head in between his hands and vomited.

Gradually, it all soothed down.

He opened his eyes. His room reeked a bit and a black goo-like substance was all around him. He drew in a deep breath, but the very breath had a scent of the poison.

He sighed but then looked at his hand to see a black substance covering all of his palm and fingertips.

It was Mana Bane.

The poison was finally out of his body.

Kai felt as if he accomplished something ever since he found himself here. He kept looking at his surroundings.

He opened his window and it felt much better.

Taking a breath, he felt like his circulation was much better. Focusing on that feeling, he started to inhale and exhale deeply.

It was almost as if a pillow of suffocation was lifted that let Kai breathe freely.

This feels much better, Kai thought while wiping his hand with the napkin that was beside his food plate. But now that there’s no barrier in between, maybe I can start developing the first circle.

As soon as he thought of the process, he felt weak and was reminded how exhausting it could be for him at the moment. He had used all of his mana and in this state, he doubted he would be able to do anything. He needed a full Mana Heart if he wanted to awaken.

Maybe not today…

The curtain in front of the windows started moving due to the wind, letting the moonlight inside the room.

It was almost as if it was signalling him to sleep it off. Kai knew he had no choice.

He walked to his bed and didn't even bother to change his clothes. From the strange ritualistic symbols to the mana weaver to getting the poison out of his heart, it had been exhausting since the moment he became Arzan.

He would have loved something like a [Refresh] spell at the moment, but with no such luxury, sleep was his best choice.

As soon as he hit the cold velvet, he drifted into the slumber.

***

He opened his eyes as a chilly wind hit him. He forgot to close the window last night and he shivered as he got out of his blankets.

Rubbing his eyes, he looked around the room to see everything right where they were.

The ritual. Arzan’s diary. Even the chair where he had sat last night.

He took a few seconds to think about what had happened. It all hit him slowly, one by one—but in the end, he smiled. At least, he wouldn't have to live in constant danger to his life from now on. At least until the mana weaver problem didn't increase.

Looking down, the bruises from the ritual were all healed. He still had blood stained underneath the clothes he wore, but nothing that a good wash wouldn't solve.

His hand came up to rub his stubble.

I will focus on building the first circle today and learn more about this place.

He decided as he made note of where he left everything last night.

Kai stood up from where he was and thought of taking a hot bath to clean his body. But as he walked towards the drawers, the knock on the door halted his actions. He turned and walked to open the door.

The door opened with a creak. Kai saw Claire who stood with a polite smile and some towels and a bucket of water in her hands.

“Good morning, Lord Arzan. I hope you slept well.”

Kai nodded, “I did. Please leave them inside,” he said and motioned to her hands.

He let the woman walk in and took a few steps back.

“One more thing, Lord Arzan. Knight Killian has requested your presence in the dining room today.”

Her voice made him turn around and there, she stood with prying eyes.

Kai thought about it for a second. Knight Killian. Finally, he’d get to meet and see what he was like. A part of him wanted to reject and focus on building the first circle, but it was not good to stall until he was going to act as a recluse.

That fit with Arzan's personality, but he wanted to take a more active approach to things.

“I will.” Kai nodded.

“I will leave these inside,” Claire said as she walked past Kai and towards the door that had been on the opposite side of the room.

So, that is the bathroom.

Kai gave a glance in that direction but walked back to the desk where the diary was still open. He wanted to keep it somewhere unnoticeable as he knew he should get the room cleaned.

He stepped closer to the drawer filled with clothes and buried it underneath all the tunics. When he was done, he heard the bathroom door close.

Claire was holding a bunch of clothes which he assumed had been used prior.

“Your breakfast will be ready when you are down, Lord Arzan,” she paused and her cheeks went reddish before questioning, “Do you need assistance with the bath, my Lord?” She questioned and Kai immediately realised that it was the norm to get an assistant for even a shower for nobles.

It felt like such an embarrassing thing to him as a Magus.

He immediately shook his head. “I will be fine.”

Claire gave a half-bow with all the clothes in her hand and walked herself out of the room. But before she could reach the door, Kai called her and she stiffened.

“Can you clean the room while I go have my breakfast?” he asked as his eyes went to the ritual on the floor, then to the black stains on some areas.

The black substance had evaporated, but marks had been left behind.

Claire’s eyes followed as she saw how everything in the room was dirty and disorganised. She nodded her head quickly. “Yes, I can, my Lord.”

“You can leave now,” he said and noticed how she walked out of the room. By her steps and her behaviour, it was obvious that she was still shaky around him. Maybe it's his title, but he didn’t have to worry about it at all.

As long as she keeps her mouth shut, things will work fine.

Kai walked to the bathroom to wash his face. When he was inside, he was met with an average size room, filled with a luxurious bathroom experience. The bathtub was in the corner of the room. And near the entrance, he had a big mirror with a basin and a pitcher.

The steam that filled the bathroom made him realise that it was all warm water— just what he needed.

Kai stepped inside and faced the mirror. A faint surprise was written on his face as he looked back at his reflection.

His facial features were sharper than before— nose, thin eyes, and even the lips. They were all well-refined. Kai traced the scar that was on his left eyebrow from his fingertips. Unlike his previous lifetime, he now had black hair.

It wasn't long and no one would notice it if he hid it with hair, but the scar seemed to be from some childhood injury.

His eyes then fell on his body.

“I need to run a few laps daily,” he said and stared at the belly that showed that he was well fed unlike most in the estate. He needed to put in more physical effort once he got over awakening his powers.

The stubble and the pieces of grown hair that were hanging around his ear in his face needed a trim. But it was not the time. Kai tugged at his hair, getting a good measurement of how long they were. He has never had hair this long.

He continued to stare at himself for a few more seconds, taking every single detail on his body wanting to keep them in his memory. Although he wasn't ugly by any measure in his last life, Arzan had way better genes in the physical aspect.

The more he looked at himself, the dried-up blood in his body distracted him. It was everywhere.

Removing his clothes, he kept them beside the basin, on the floor.

Kai washed his face and the water dripped down his body. He sighed at the sensation of hot water.

Heavens, this feels good!

Kai started rubbing the blood stains on his body one after another and washed his face, feeling relaxed after a long time.

***

Kai donned new clothes after getting out of the bathroom and felt much better.

Knight Killian, time to meet you.

He seemed to be in charge around the grounds, thus, Kai had all the more reasons to be curious. But there was one problem.

He didn’t know where the dining room was.

Cluelessly, he walked out of the room.

My luck does work.

Claire stood in front of his room with cleaning materials. She had been waiting there for him to walk outside. If Kai could express his emotions, he knew he’d have a big, fat grin on his face, but he had to be subtle.

“The breakfast is ready, Lord Arzan,” she said while looking at the floor.

“Okay, let’s head there. I have a few things to ask you,” Kai ordered, hoping she wouldn't question and after a second more, she nodded.

As expected, she started walking in the front without questioning.

A smile crept to Kai’s face as they walked. It’s a success.

“How’s the atmosphere of the estate after the mana weaver attack?” He asked, noticing a few other maids doing their work. They bowed to him as they walked.

“People are still scared and it's been spreading to the city. The rumours of you defeating a mana weaver are everywhere.”

“Is that so?” He raised an eyebrow.

“Yes, though, some people are saying that it's a farce since well, you are not a Mage.”

She flinched while speaking and only calmed once Kai didn't seem offended.

They took a few turns after reaching the second floor that led to the dining room. Since he wasn't in a rush this time, he was able to notice the details more clearly.

The dining room was massive.

The rectangular table in the middle was already occupied with a few guards. They were clad in their usual uniforms, making noises and talking in whispers probably fearful of a brooding figure that sat on the far end, clearly standing out.

It seemed like they were directly under Killian or at least had some sort of a privilege that other guards didn't have. Most nobles he had seen would never eat at the same table as guards.

There were some other people, especially one who wore glasses and was in a robe. He also noticed the guard who had reported about the mana weaver among them.

The maids were preparing different foods that included fresh bread and soup.

The fireplace that was lit beneath the dining table stole his attention for a brief second. On the sides of the room, there were large windows that were closed.

He walked towards the table after looking around for not more than three seconds.

As soon as he was in front of the table, people dropped their conversations, bowing to him in respect.

“Have a seat,” Kai said and took the seat in the middle of the table that was mostly reserved for the most important person in the room.

As soon as he sat, two maids walked towards him and started serving bread to his plate. Bread, meat and some fruits were on the table.

He ignored all of it and looked at the man who was seated on the opposite side of the table. He was a tall, muscular man. He looked stern and scary with blonde hair and a scar that ran down one of his cheeks.

Kai didn't have to think twice to know who he was.

He gave Kai the impression of one of the Enforcers that would take on several Mages at once, but Kai couldn't feel any mana beyond what a normal person would have from him.

Everyone in the room was normal.

“Lord Arzan, we need to talk.”

Kai nodded and took a bite from his bread. He kept his utensils away and leaned backwards, giving who he assumed to be Killian his undivided attention.

His goal was to appear calm and confident in front of him.

I need to not give him any suspicions. He's not a mage, but is clearly important.

“What is it?” Kai questioned.

“The Tradeheart merchant company is threatening to take over the farmlands if we can't pay back the debt,” Killian said without a pause.

He continued to gaze at Kai, looking for a response.

Initially, Kai assumed it was about the mana weaver attack, but it seemed to be completely different.

What debt is he talking about now?





5. Tradeheart Merchant Company?


Tradeheart merchant company? And why had Arzan taken a debt?

More than being confused about this entire situation, he was curious. His silence dragged on for a few more seconds. He wanted to know more about the situation they were in before speaking, as he lacked a lot of information.

Kai didn't want to give away his cluelessness, so he simply focused on eating. The bread wasn't particularly appetising, but he'd had worse.

“We have to do something about the ten thousand gold debt. Either pay it back or come to some sort of settlement. The interest rates are already high, but I doubt that man would be willing to hear anything from us. It’s been months already.” Knight Killian went on saying while the rest of the room fell into a deep silence.

“We were barely able to pay the interest and the representative from the company simply threatened us yesterday and demanded that we hand over the farmlands. If not that, then the mines. Those greedy bastards! Lord Arzan, we need to find a solution. We are in no position to give away valuable resources for your personal loan,” Killian said, looking at him with a stare that demanded an answer.

Kai kept his head low and took a sip of the water. Personal loan? 10k gold coins? What was Arzan even doing with this much money? Questions started popping into his mind.

Even high-end prostitutes won't take so much.

Frowning, he wondered what to say. He had no reply to that, so he decided to answer back with a question.

“When will they be coming back to take the debt back?”

“After two weeks, my lord.”

Killian didn't answer. Instead, it was the man sitting in front of him in robes and glasses that he had taken note of before.

He was sitting calmly and quietly, but he could see his hands shaking below the table.

His face was weary and experienced, full of wrinkles. The man gave the impression of someone who had heard things, yet hadn't been in danger himself. He had grey hair and a clean-shaven look.

“I was the one who handled the meeting, my lord. It's sufficient to say it went worse than expected.”

“What expectations were you even having, Francis?” Killian asked. “They have acted brash every single time. A few weeks back, one of their bodyguards even kicked a guard in the estate. They are pretty sure that they won't have any more business with us after this.”

“Word goes around, Killian. Everyone in the neighbouring territory knows we aren’t doing well. Our yields haven’t been great lately, and the city’s on the brink of an economic breakdown. We can’t just magic up gold. It will take us at least a few more months, most probably even a year to get things to normal if we start taking care of our problems. The winter is not helping with the crops, and to get everything back—we need more time.”

The old man looked at Kai. His words were clear and straight.

It gave the necessary context to Kai and he wasn't surprised by a few things.

The maids, staff and even the guards looked like they weren't getting their fill. If they weren't fed well working at the lord's estate, he wondered how the common populace was living.

Aside from him, most people seemed to be malnourished.

Kai stayed silent as he thought back to Claire's eyes shining looking at the gold coin. He grabbed another piece of bread and munched on it.

He scanned through the room, seeing how the guards continued to eat, but their ears were perked up. They were paying close attention to the conversation, even though they didn’t say a word.

“I agree with what you’re saying–” Knight Killian started to reply.

But soon, he was cut short.

“The Tradeheart merchant company is known to be harsh on nobles who aren't doing well. I have dealt with them before,” Francis said, his voice low. He was barely able to stop it from shaking with anger. “They are vultures that try to act innocent until they think they won't get the money back on time. We could only cooperate with them since we have contracts signed up. However, we would need to find some mutual agreement as the estate simply doesn't have that much money. We need more time.”

He adjusted his glasses with a frown. It didn't seem like he liked the company based on his reaction. Kai also didn't get a good impression of them based on what he was hearing.

They seemed like typical merchant companies that would start thinking of themselves as bigger than even nobility. Kai was never a fan of such people.

Knight Killian nodded, understanding the situation.

“Will they even give us more time? I don't think so. It's the right opportunity for them to take over the farmlands. Like you said, they are greedy vultures.”

By now, Kai had a good idea of who Francis was. Based on his look and how he talked, he was a scholar, probably an administrator handling the estate.

From the information that was in the diary, Arzan had been pushed to the city suddenly, so he doubted he had time to go over things on how to run a place. Having an administrator made complete sense to get him used to things.

Though, he doubted Arzan had tried to take charge of things.

“They will give us time if we put our weight down. We could sell a few valuables from the estate and I think the standing of Lord Arzan will do the rest. They aren't idiots to antagonise nobles completely based on debt.”

“Will we be able to pay it back with enough time?”

“I… don't know,” Francis said, his words almost getting stuck in his throat. “We would have to do something about our basic problems and if we can solve them, things would start to look up. It won't be easy since there's hardly any support from other nobles in the area.”

Uneasiness lingered within Kai as he heard more and more. He had misread Azran’s background. Although he belonged to the line of a Duke, it seemed as if he was more or less on his own.

Otherwise, nearby nobles would do everything to do a favour to a Duke's son.

The only reason they were ignoring him might be because of the succession of the Duke's title to his brother whom he clearly did not have a pleasant relationship with.

“What do you think, Lord Arzan? You’ve been silent.” Killian brought him back from his thoughts and he realised that he had almost finished his food.

A few heads turned to look at Kai curiously. He needed to think of something.

“I believe that breakfast is not the place to talk about matters related to work. Why don’t we first finish breakfast, and then I’ll take a look at the records before deciding what we should do.”

His words seemed to surprise Killian as he raised his eyebrows. Kai expected him to retort back, but he simply sighed.

“Well then. I will leave you and Francis to it. I have other matters to handle anyway.”

Francis from the corner of the table nodded, looking up at Kai. It seemed like he wanted to say something, but didn't dare to utter it out.

Silence descended as the table went quiet.

His mind was a mess as he pondered upon the new problem he had encountered suddenly. From everything he knew, Arzan seemed like someone who was destined for a bad end from the start.

Though he had been unlucky with his Mana Veins being blocked, he had clearly mismanaged the estate given to him.

To distract himself, he looked at Killian, “Well, about the mana weaver, any signs of corruption from its family?” he asked.

“Not yet. They are in a cell and being fed, but there's no sign of any corruption on them for now. We are monitoring them. If there's something, then it will come out sooner or later. Mana weavers don’t like to be kept in closed spaces. We are also using Syphon stones in case they change,” Knight Killian paused and looked at him with strange eyes before continuing, “I heard from my men that you subdued the mana weaver in no time. Pardon me. I assumed that you stopped training when you were fifteen— around the age when the basic sword training should end. You didn't continue to train after that.”

His words made Kai realise that Killian had known Arzan for a long time. He wouldn't know whether he had stopped training or not otherwise. He might be one of the retainers that had shifted with him straight from the Duke's household.

He felt the opposite from Francis who seemed to be in this city for a long time.

“They said it only took you a few seconds. I'm not able to understand how you were able to do that.” Killian looked at Kai suspiciously.

“It was a newly transformed weaver. Certainly not at the peak of its power,” Kai said, already knowing such questions would come up.

“Still, you put a monster to sleep. I beg your pardon, but I believed only Mages could achieve such a feat.”

“I got it from a book on Mana Weavers. They have a nerve on the back of their neck. If you press it, it could send them into slumber. It won't work on fully transformed individuals, but the mana weaver has just mutated. I had to take a chance.”

Kai doubted the technique was widespread. It could be that it hadn't even been discovered yet. Such information had only come up after there had been a major move to study the creatures.

It had resulted in a few things Kai didn't want to think about, but it had largely benefited humankind as a whole.

“Why am I not aware of something like that? If there’s such a thing, I believe every knight should know. It will be very useful at these tiring times.”

The guards turned their heads towards Kai as Killian spoke. They were all curious about how and when he learnt something like that. If it was really that simple, they might just be able to deal with the Mana Weavers.

“I picked it up from a book back at the household. I don't think it's famous enough. You can spread it among the guards, just in case we have more sightings of these creatures,” Kai said, glancing over to the guards.

Killian nodded at those words. It seemed like he wanted to ask more about how the confrontation had happened, but Kai was sure he'd heard everything from his subordinates.

Instead, Killian changed topics.

“I understand you got mana weaver’s weakness, but why haven't we killed it yet? Lord Arzan, we can't afford to take chances. It's common knowledge that mana weavers corrupt their surroundings,” Knight Killian said, looking like he wanted to pick up a sword and cut off the head of the weaver himself.

Francis and the guards also nodded. It seemed like Kai had really gone against the normal method, which in comparison was easier, than what he intended to do.

Still, he didn't want unnecessary blood on his hands.

“No, we can’t do that.” As soon as Kai rejected, the knight furrowed deeply. He probably wanted to know why they couldn’t kill a threat to them as quickly as possible. “Give me some time. I have something better to do with It rather than killing.”

“Time is a luxury that we don’t have, and can’t afford,” Knight Killian’s dissatisfaction was written on his face as he talked. “What if the mana weaver got out of the chains and started attacking everyone again?”

“It's your and your guards' job to keep it in chains. I trust you to do your job well. As for time, give me a few days and you will know what I plan to do.”

Killian opened his mouth, but instead of talking, he stuffed a piece of bread in it.

The rest of the breakfast went as silently as possible. No one spoke and as soon as it was over, Killian left with the guards after bowing to Kai.

Once he was alone with Francis, he turned towards him.

“Lord Arzan, you said you wanted to take a look at the records?” Francis questioned as he was almost done with his food.

He wiped his hands from the napkin and stood up.

Kai nodded and they started walking back to wherever he kept the records.

Francis was a short, stout, old man. But his walk was rather fast. With his shoes tapping against the floor, he started taking the staircase that initially led Kai to the diner.

“Are things really that bad?” Kai asked before hesitating a bit. He didn't want to sound clueless, but again, Arzan seemed like someone who kept to his room and didn't care about anything else.

He doubted he knew of the situation of the city, or he wouldn't have taken on such a large debt.

“It's the worst I have ever seen.”

Francis replied with a frown and Kai could only ponder one thing.

It couldn’t be that bad, can it?

***

Kai's face scrunched up and his eyebrows twitched as he stared at the discoloured book. The words written with black ink on yellow pages made him frown.

It was really that bad!

“As you can see, Lord-” Francis started to say, but stopped as he glanced at Kai's expression.

The economy of the city was in hot water. The farmland yield had plummeted, taxes weren’t enough, and even signs of famine lingered. The debt is just the cherry on top. What was Arzan even doing?

His assessment of Arzan went even lower once he realised the state of affairs in the city.

“Why wasn’t anything done about this earlier?” Kai inquired, wanting to know why they’d let things get worse.

The numbers were much worse than Kai had expected.

“We tried, Your Lordship. But, the previous lordship, a Baron, died two years back from a heart attack. His wife died before him, and umm,” Francis hesitated before continuing to discuss the previous Lord’s unfortunate fate. “His only son was in the army and perished. Before you came here, this city… It was almost abandoned.”

Francis shook his head, sighing deeply as he continued to remember the situation they were in.

“Bandit attacks increased a lot since retainers left for better opportunities. We used to have a few Mages in the service, but once they left things became worse,” he huffed. “Our forces are too small to deal with them. All that is just the insult to the injury. And then, Your Lordship got here. You were mostly spending time in your room, with no intention to change any-” Francis immediately looked down. He understood the mistake he made. “Please, forgive me for running my mouth.”

Kai didn't say anything. If anything, as he had assumed before, Francis seemed to be in the city for a long time. His features matched guards and maids around the estate, so he might as well be from around the area.

He also clearly cared about the estate.

“What about the coal and iron mines? A lot of the revenue used to come from there, right?” he probed.

Francis cleared his throat and nodded. “One of the mines, unfortunately, fell into the hands of a bandit group. They’re the ones calling the shots. The other one, well, it’s run dry. A lot of miners lost their jobs due to that, taking a hit on the population of the city.”

Kai sighed. From the documents, it seemed like a ton of people left for the city after the mines closed up. He felt anger about bandits capturing one of them, but he wasn't in a position to capture them back.

“How big is the bandit group?” he asked.

“They are militants, formerly drafted in the Black Rose War. Once they returned, they became bandits. Around 100 of them. It's a whole band.”

“We don't have enough forces to go against them.”

“We have, but if we took a significant force to fight them, other bandit groups in the area might try to take advantage of it. Knight Killian wanted to have a go against them, but you refused three months back.”

Francis promptly said, making Kai’s frown worse. Maybe Arzan didn't want to put himself in danger. Either way, it was a shame that a bandit group ran around like this in their land.

He closed the book that was in his hand and kept it on the wooden table. He pushed it forward towards the administrator and leaned back.

If I can get the mines back, then maybe we will be on the road to recovery. Still, it won't be easy and quick.

Kai pondered over it until he recalled something.

Wasn't there a Mage that Claire had mentioned before? A Mage could easily handle such a situation if they’re properly trained. So, why hasn’t he done anything?

“Francis, didn’t Mage Actra at least try to help? What is he doing?” Kai questioned.

The old man chuckled. It was an angry, sarcastic chuckle. “Your Lordship, that Mage is drowning the city with his alchemical research. He doesn’t lift a finger and it is already reported that he was rude to a few maids. He doesn't try to help at all.”

Kai’s eyebrows raised. Is that so?

He wanted to meet the Mage for obvious reasons. Even so, there were some answers Kai needed first.

“Uh, this might come out rather odd, but why did I require such a huge loan? My memory is running low.” Kai’s hand met with his chin as he acted to be in deep thought.

Francis was quick to reply. “You needed some materials for something. Lord Actra was aware of it. I was not informed of the specifics.”

Kai’s shoulders tensed as a brief silence spread between the two. The things he kept hearing about the Mage continued to get worse and worse.

He had to think fast to get over the debt first of all.

Arzan had messed up by a lot and if he was going to take his place, maybe he needed to start from his duties as a lord of this region. It seemed tiring, but authority wasn't bad in his opinion, especially if he could take things under his control.

Looking at Francis who sat upright, he said, “I'm sorry. I haven't been good enough in my duties, but I will be changing it from now on. Next time the guy from the Tradeheart merchant company comes, call me. I will be doing something about the debt soon.”

Saying that, he stood up and left the room, not waiting to take a good look at the shocked expression on the face of Francis who looked like he had seen a dragon hoarding gold in his bedroom.





6. First Circle


Kai had mixed feelings while he took the stairs to reach his room.

There were a lot of questions in his head and lots of things to do. From the Mana Weaver to the debt, there were problems to solve, but first of all, he needed to awaken his Mana heart. Without it, he was weak and severely limited in what he could do.

The last time he had gone through awakening was decades back and back then, his master had guided him step by step as it was the tradition, but he could easily achieve it on his own with years of experience.

As soon as he entered his room, he saw Claire reaching the upper shelves that were in the corner of the room and wiping the dust off with a cloth.

She looked to be done with the rest of the room and at that, she had done a marvellous job.

The blood stains that were scattered on the floor were no longer there. The black filth that Kai spit was completely cleaned. He looked around the room and smiled. As he scanned the room, he saw the buckets of dirty water that stayed on the side.

Compared to how messy it looked before, everything was squeaky clean.

She must have been focused to not notice him, so he cleared his throat to let her know he was inside.

Claire swiftly turned around and looked at him.

Kai simply nodded with a satisfied face. “Good job,” he said and gave one final look to the room.

Claire nodded in return. “It's all done, Lord Arzan. If you need anything more, let me know.” She quickly collected the cloth in her hand and moved towards the opposite room to lift the bucket.

Kai watched as she lifted the bucket full of water with shaky hands and turned around to leave the room.

Before she could leave, his voice stopped her.

“There is something. Claire, can you stand guard outside and make sure I’m not disturbed? I don't want anyone to knock on my door for the next hour,” Kai asked. If he got disturbed during the awakening, he might just make a mistake.

Since he was already relying on Claire, he might as well use her as a primary maid.

“Okay, I will be right outside.”

She said and with the heavy load of things in both of her hands, she walked through the opened doors and closed them after putting the bucket down.

Now alone, Kai took one last look at the room.

He walked to the middle of the room and sat on the floor. Right where the ritual was done before, but the evidence of any ritual was long gone.

A part of him wanted to keep it up to study more, but the risk of anyone seeing it like Claire was too high. He could simply look for similar symbols later on.

As soon as he settled on the floor, he inhaled deeply. The pure mana-filled air filled his nostrils, and lungs, and then, found its way to his Mana heart.

Gradually, his focus on his Mana heart grew. He could sense how filled his Mana heart was compared to last night.

He knew that there was no better time to attempt an awakening.

As he took his next breath in, he closed his eyes and let his mind wander to his internal organs. Each breath filled his organs with mana and Kai almost lost himself in the sensation, before pulling himself back.

Regulating his mana through the Mana heart, he noticed something.

Although Arzan was mostly useless, his Mana heart was at a higher level than average.

After reaching the first circle, it could easily generate 12x mana compared to an average human. The normal was 10x, so it was pretty much a big advantage.

Such cores were hard to come by and he had the potential to at least be a Savant level Mage one day if he had worked hard and not died in an unfortunate accident.

The Mana heart was even higher than what he had in his previous life. No wonder he was a Duke's son. Nobles usually marry skilled Mages among themselves, so it would pass in their bloodline.

After all, a Mage son was highly likely to be a Mage too.

He briefly wondered whether the poisoning had been someone fearing Arzan's talent as a mage, but he dismissed it.

It wasn't time to think about such things.

Arzan was considerably late to awaken his Mana heart. Normally, Mages would start their training at the age of fifteen years old.

Still, the level of his Mana heart would make up for the lost time. With Kai's experience and spells, he knew of, he could even reach the second circle in the next few months and gain a better understanding of what elements suit his new body.

Though, he didn't know the level of Mages of this era. It would still be a time when spells were less developed, so he wondered about how they operated.

Deciding to give a visit to this Mage Actra, Kai thought back to the time he had awakened.

Back then, his master had helped him absorb all the ambient mana in the air because his control of it was just not good. Now, he had better control and also, a new method to awaken his core.

A method he had only found out a decade after his awakening and had lamented about missing out on it. Now, he could finally use it.

The way to develop the first circle was simple.

He had to let the mana flow inside his Mana heart continuously and with focused intent, move it in circles through the Mana heart. With that, the organ would ignite while developing the first circle around the core permanently.

Kai inwardly slapped himself as he remembered how it took him more than 12 hours to absorb enough mana to develop the first circle back then.

He had trouble with absorbing mana from the surroundings and only later down the line, he had improved.

Now, he could do it in well under an hour. Especially with the Quin Method of Awakening.

I only found the method in an old ruin. It never got popularised, though it's not easy either.

Normal methods of awakening would generally amp the mana generation up to 10x unless one has a higher level Mana heart like Arzan. It was a basic number for most Mages, and even though people had tried to increase it, it had become too dangerous for young Mages to keep up with.

Quin Method of Awakening was also an experiment to increase the mana generation in the first circle and one of the rare ones to succeed, managing to amp up to 15x.

Unfortunately, Quin, the Mage who developed it had been a recluse and he had died before he could share it with the world and no one had checked with him to even give him a funeral since he was working in secret.

Kai had found his skeleton and research in a ruin. It had been a strange sight for him, but now, it was going to help him out.

He inhaled deeply, letting his emotions sink in. With the breath he took in, pure mana filled his lungs. Then, Kai intentionally let mana run through his heart in a circle, filling it as much as possible.

He took another long, deep breath, and did the same, filling the Mana heart again and again.

Soon, the Mana that was running inside his Heart started to speed up. Kai felt the particles brush against his insides as the inhalation and exhalation brought in enough mana to keep up with the pace.

Quin Method of Awakening simply focused on taking in as much mana as possible from the surroundings and spinning it in an anticlockwise direction. It would make the Mana Heart heat up and expand more, increasing the rate of generation.

So, Kai pulled as much mana as possible. An advantage of being in a world with abundant mana was that he had a lot of pull.

He kept taking from his surroundings and soon, Mana heart started to warm up.

He could feel the energy he absorbed moving within him in circle after circle.

Slowly, the rate of generation increased. From 2x to 4x to 7x to 9x. It was slow and gradual, but Kai felt all of it and gritted his teeth as an insurmountable pressure daunted his shoulders.

It felt like his heart was going to burst, but he kept going on.

Taking more and more mana, he reached the level of generation he desired and went even beyond that.

The next thing he knew was that the warmth turned into something better.

Kai’s hands visibly relaxed as the first circle awakened.

“Finally!”

He cried out, taking deep breaths and clutching his chest. Not only had he been able to improve his mana generation by leaps and bounds, he had managed to get it to 17x instead of 15x.

It was probably due to the level of his core, but it was the most pleasant thing that could happen to him.

Sweat trickled down his forehead as he smiled.

He finally had a permanent circle of mana around his Mana heart that was generating way more mana than before.

He opened his eyes slowly. The feeling of power flowing within him gave him goosebumps as he sat up.

It feels like forever since I felt so good.

He took a deep breath in. Inhaling all of what happened in the previous minutes.

“Astrum Octavia!” Kai said aloud for him to hear and raised his hand, the palm facing towards the fireplace.

Last time, the spell hadn't worked, but this time, he had an awakened Mana heart.

He felt the mana rush into his hand, powering up the simple spell structure he conjured and activating the spell to fire up the centre of the fireplace.

It only took more than a second.

“Aha!” He looked at the logs of wood that burnt with fire. Kai’s eyes glimpsed with happiness as he realised that he was no longer a Non-Mage.

He could slowly develop his circles to become a Magus again.

But before that, he had things to do.

Standing up from where he was, he rubbed his hands in his tunic. The warmth of the room already got under his skin, making him feel cosy. The fireplace looked much alive, and Kai’s inner emotions were just as similar.

After taking a good look at the simple spell he cast, he was satisfied.

He needed to let Claire know that she didn’t need to guard the door anymore. With a confident stride, Kai walked out of the room.

Creak!

Kai stepped outside his door.

“Claire-” As soon as he was about to tell her she could leave, he saw her. On the floor. She lay unconscious.

Initially, he wondered if there was some sort of an attack again, but he soon understood what had happened. He sighed.

Claire must’ve stayed too close to the door that he had accidentally pulled in her mana as well to awaken his core.

***

The window of the library cast a dim sunlight over the neatly arranged shelves.

The library wasn't extensive, but it had a few various subjects that Kai was interested in— History and Geography.

Both could help him get a better understanding of the city.

Kai stood among the rows, his fingers tracing the titles of different books. His brow furrowed ever so slightly, being in the depth of his thoughts.

His mind continuously raged the questions about how he was going to deal with the massive debt that hung around their heads for the time being. It was going to be a pain.

The thought itself made him want to run away and simply focus on attaining more power, but it didn't feel right.

Moreover, the advantage of using his powers as a noble and a lord lingered in his mind. If he solved this one problem, he could use it to get more funding for his projects.

Fundings were always necessary for what he had in mind and this was the easiest way to get it.

Kai observed Claire’s assistance from afar. She was in deep thought as she continued to pick a few books from the shelf. She turned to look at the back cover page and the front and then shifted it to the other stack she had built.

He had ordered her to find a few history books.

Though, now that he thought about it, he had no idea whether Claire was even literate.

Shaking his head, he looked at her.

“Claire,” Kai called her name. She quickly turned around with another book still in her hand. “How are the people living in the city these days?”

She handed the book over to Kai and took time to think about his question. She paused but replied, “The cold bites everyone, my lord. In my neighbourhood, one man succumbed to the harsh winter. Aside from that, the food is short during this time of the year. From what I've heard here and there, a lot of people are planning to migrate. Some even went already.”

Kai thought of what she said for a moment. The winter was the biggest problem for the people. It had always been for centuries. Even in his time, winter hadn't been particularly nice, especially with Snow Fiends and Ice Wyverns coming out from their slumber.

“Then why not use Heat stones? Is it because they’re a bit costly? I believe that a collective effort can afford larger ones that a whole street can use. People might find some relief.”

He let his thoughts out but soon halted as he saw Claire’s perplexed look.

Her frown deepened as Kai stopped talking and she said, “I’m not familiar with Heat stones. I haven't heard of them before. Do they alleviate colds?” Her weird look made Kai blink his eyes.



“Never heard about stones that emit warmth? People use it to stay warm, especially during winter.”

Claire’s eyes fell back onto Kai. The look on her face stayed right where it was. She had no idea what that meant or how that was used. Kai was sure of it.

“I have never heard of such a thing-“

“People just endure the weather apart from fireplaces?” Kai questioned back. He was, too, confused with what she was saying.

Claire nodded, giving an unfortunate smile.

It was then that he realised that the Heat stones hadn’t been invented yet. Even if they were, they weren't as widespread.





7. "...A Mage, Lord Arzan?"


As soon as Claire handed him a book that was on the bottom of the stack, Kai’s attention went to the drawings that he could see from the cheap, oily papers.

He dusted off the front page and opened the book. The yellowed pages were filled with lines and dots, of where he lived. A map was drawn with markings of places.

He was currently situated in the Northern Continent which was the most prosperous continent. That hadn't changed in any era. Though, people have tried to explore the rest of the world, particularly places in the Southern Continent.

From the corner of his eyes, he saw Claire’s curious gaze lingering in between him and the maps.

He brought his attention back to the map.

On the parchment map that was in his hand, he saw the details, carefully drawn, showing the tapestry of Eldorania, the world as they knew it.

Kai’s finger lifted to trace the lines of the Northern continent. The land was divided into fiefdoms and kingdoms. It was quite a sight to see. The patterns of dots changed from one area to another, marking territories in between.

He slowly drew his finger towards the Lancephil Kingdom. It was surrounded by a few other kingdoms that had their own share of areas—some big, and comparatively, some were small.

Some places should be entirely underwater, but right now, they are territories of rulers. Kai also noted a few barren lands and other places that had fallen to mana corruption, but in this era, that hasn't happened yet.

He turned his focus back to the Lancephil Kingdom. The territories were a patchwork quilt of royal decrees and noble inheritances.

It was filled with bare forests and waters, being a kingdom with tons of dungeons and an interesting diversity of monsters.

Beginning the map with the corner of The Nexus Delta, where rivers converge, mirrored the canal system that Kai followed through. Azure sanctum, born of Veiled Cascades, was a distant cousin to the Elder Lake that fed the ancestral stream.

He looked at the details of the Whispering River, it was snaking through the Sylvan Enclave, supporting the Nexus Delta and moving through the Azure Sanctum. The road looked like a lifeline mirroring the canal, it guided the travellers through the landscapes.

There were a few hills and forests one could meet if they followed the road. The villages, like those on the map, dotted the banks of the main river, facing the canopies and the wooden land housing, where Kai lived.

As he continued to analyse the boundaries of the Sylvan Enclave—the territory he was in, he couldn’t help but draw a parallel to the Duke, pointing to the Western edge where the land met the Eastern forest.

“Claire, where does the territory of Veralt end?” Kai questioned, showing her the map, so she could point it out.

Claire took a good look at the map. Her finger lingered over the City as she mumbled things to herself. In her head, she looked to be calculating the territories along with the dotted map.

Slowly, her fingers went to the line of trees that were far away, tracing the area where the boundaries of the territory ended.

Kai nodded and looked down.

Just next to his territory, the Duke's was situated. If he had to travel there, it would probably take over a week.

The Duke must have had authority over the city for quite some time. With Arzan being the new Baron of the territory, he knew that despite being connected with the Duke, he was not entirely under him.

Still, the Duke had considerable influence over Veralt.

Kai bore his eyes to the map further. He saw how the lands were connected to the distant mountains south of the Vasper forest, which led to a stream that was flowing towards a salt lake to the east.

It was right where the map ended.

The territory was quite the sight with forest, lakes and a lot of villagers sprinkled around.

Thinking about something, he looked up at the maid.

“Claire,” he called her out, who was now putting a few books back on the shelves. “Are you certain that you have never even heard of something similar to the heating stones I was asking about earlier?” he questioned.

“Um…” Claire halted. “They provide warmth during the cold season?”

“Yes, they come in various shapes and sizes. But they’re used to provide warmth. Keep one of them in the room and it will heat up.”

She frowned as she looked to be in deep thought. “I once heard about something similar in Lavonia Kingdom-'' Kai looked down at the map, pointing out the place. It was far west with the two kingdoms having considerable distance between them. “-They’ve had things to keep them warm during harsh snow. It could be something similar to that… Heat stone like Your Lordship mentioned.”

Kai looked at her. “From whom did you hear it?”

“A travelling merchant. But I’m not sure if any of those things match the description you explained. The only thing common was that they kept the people warm during cold nights. I heard the Lavonia kingdom is cursed to be frozen always, so they apply all sorts of things to warm them up. Though, they were not stones, from what I remember,” she said, with an apologetic look.

Kai nodded and fell into his thoughts.

From Claire's words, it didn't seem like they had been invented yet. To him, it felt like they had always been a part of civilization, so he never thought about where they came from and who invented them.

Maybe, it had been a Mage who had enough of the cold bothering him, so he had decided to enchant stones. Or it could be something completely different.

Either way, it felt like an opportunity for Kai.

If they weren't developed yet, then couldn't he be the one to do that? He might even be able to alleviate his citizens of the cold and maybe make some good profit on the side.

After all, he needed money to pay back the debt and a product like Heat Stones would appeal to everyone.

Some nobles might even pay a hefty sum for it.

The problem was whether he could develop them. Heat stones were common, but they weren't natural. They were a result of a lot of specific enchantments on stones that would make them heat up and warm the environment.

At the first circle, Kai doubted he could do a lot of enchantments, especially when his knowledge of them was pretty basic. Maybe he would be able to develop one, but the quality of it won't be great.

He also wouldn't be able to mass produce them with its current mana pool.

I need to do some research first. If it's successful, I could at least pay off the debt.

Deciding on developing Heat stones, Kai took a deep breath.

This was going to be his first project in this world.



***

Kai balled up the third paper in his hand and threw it to the corner of the room.

Looking down at the table, he had drawn a few pictures of Heat stones and how they worked. The type of enchantments that were used in them were very intricate with different types of Seals involved.

It was also a big problem for him.

First of all, only a basic enchantment would take a sizable amount of mana. To top it off, Kai needed to overlap it with other enchantments in a way that the Seals don't interfere with each other.

That was a hectic job in itself.

Seals were symbols used to enchant things and Kai hadn't studied them a lot, but their meanings could easily change if they overlapped each other and the effect could cease to be or worse, it would give a completely different effect.

He briefly recalled someone getting an enchanted flame sword from a third-rated Enchanter which had ended up exploding in his hands, parts of it cutting off his neck.

Kai felt confused as he kept drawing Seals he knew of, trying to recall everything from his classes on them. Sadly, it hadn't been a Mage Art he had gravitated towards.

He didn't know the specific ones used to make Heat stones, but he could make do with similar ones that he knew of. Though, mana was going to be tight.

“The mana absorption enchantment would take the most out of me. How am I even going to carve the ignition enchantment?”

Kai muttered with a frown.

His options were severely limited. He could draw up one single complex enchantment and hope that it works. Though, he didn't even know where to begin with that.

He drew up a figure of a smaller stone with enchantments on all sides of it, but even with his mana generation, the total mana pool just wasn't enough for him to make more than two of these heat stones.

If he pushed himself, maybe three.

That was if he didn't make any mistakes and everything went as he wished. Just by the experience of his life, Kai knew his luck wasn't that good.

He needed a way to either exponentially increase his mana pool or lower the enchantments on the Heat stone while making the same effect.

Both of these things felt impossible to do at the moment and Kai scratched his head before sighing.

He needed more time to think about it.

He grabbed all his drawings and piled them up in an order. Keeping them aside on the table, he stood up.

I will think about it later.

He shook his head and walked out of his room,

It had been quite some time since he wanted to take a look at the Mana Weaver. Rather than thinking about the Heat stone, he would rather deal with it.

As Kai took the stairs down, he was met with the same portraits and collections of weaponry.

The maids and a few workers who were around bowed when they noticed him.

He didn't stop and kept walking, trying to get an idea of the whole estate. Claire hadn't been around when he left the room or it would have been easy.

Now, he was left alone, trying to find the way to the cells.

He wandered here and there before his eyes landed on someone familiar.

The guard who came to his room on the first day stood with his spear in the corridor. He seemed to be taking a break, looking relaxed as he gazed outside the window.

Perfect.

Kai smiled and took long strides towards him.

The guard heard footsteps and looked to his right only to find Kai walking towards him. He straightened up immediately and said, “Lord Arzan.”

“I walk to take a look at the Mana Weaver in the cells. Lead me there.”

“Okay.”

They walked through the corridor and took a few turns. Kai did his best to remember the layout of the whole estate as they walked. He also noticed more and more guards as they walked.

A lot of them seemed surprised seeing him in this part of the estate.

They only stopped once they reached a metallic door.

The bars were rusted, and it was a sharp contrast to the rest of the estate with wooden doors with carvings on them.

As the guard opened the door, the dim light from the flash torched the stairs.

It seemed like the cells were really like a castle dungeon.

“Did the Weaver wake up?” Kai asked as they took the steps down.

“It did wake up but screamed at the top of its lungs until it went back to sleep. It was thrashing around and we had a scare,” the guard said as he walked ahead of him.

Kai nodded. That was expected since he had used a simple technique. “When was the last time it made noise?”

“Just a few hours back. But now it's restrained, barely moving. We thought it might break the cell for how vicious it was acting.” The guard said, his voice shaking a bit.

The stairs ended and they reached the ground. Kai saw no other guard standing there, probably because of the fear of corruption from the Mana Weaver.

“This way,” the guard turned to the left as they both walked inside.

The cells were very different from the rest of the castle. The uneven stones on the walls, the dust covering the ground and the putrid smell coming from everywhere all made him want to get out of there as soon as possible.

He saw empty cells all around and it didn't seem like they kept the prisoners here. Maybe there was some other facility for them.

Kai's senses heightened as the guard halted in front of a cell. Beyond the bars, he saw the weaver.

He took a few steps to the front and saw how it was being kept. Both of its limbs were restrained and there was a circular metallic chain that was attached to its neck. The Mana weaver was asleep by the looks of it.

“Let me inside open this,” Kai said commandingly.

The guard frowned. His eyes were looking at him as if questioning if he was crazy. “Are you certain about that-”

“Do it,” Kai cut him off.

The guard immediately walked forward to open the cell, but as soon as it was done, he backed off from the door.

Kai walked inside. Seeing him walk in, the guard followed. Though, he noticed the hesitation in his steps.

Making sure that the weaver was asleep, Kai rugged on the chains, but nothing happened. To be safe, he formed a Sleep spell structure on his hands and cast it.

If there was any doubt, it ceased from his heart and he relaxed.

Kai leaned forward and looked at how the corruption was spreading in the weaver's body. The corruption in its body had increased from before, and if Kai looked closer, he could see black lines on its neck and arms.

Its face had also mutated more, looking more hideous than before almost like an undead.

Luckily, it wasn't at a level where Kai couldn't do anything. The man still held a semblance of humanity and a lot of its flesh was human. It might take a while, but he would be able to heal it free from the corruption.

He touched its hand and cast a Purification spell. The area where he was holding it shone as his mana entered the weaver's body.

Soon, Kai could see the lines in its neck decreasing slowly. Though, it wasn't without resistance.

The corruption inside the body of the man tried to fight against him as he used his spell. It didn't allow the pure mana to eat it away, but Kai pushed more, using every bit of his mana before he managed to destroy a good amount of it.

Taking puffs of breath, Kai sighed. It was a slow process and he would have to purify it for over an hour daily for the corruption to end completely.

“W-what is happening?!” The guard’s squeaky voice came rather loud, breaking Kai’s focus.

He looked back to see the guard’s widened eyes and opened his mouth. Kai even saw how the spear was almost out of his hand as the guard gaped at the light coming from the weaver's hand.

“I’m casting a spell on It,” Kai responded quickly.

“Does that mean you’re a Mage, Lord Arzan?” the guard questioned back.

Kai simply replied, “Yes, I am.”





8. Syphon


A note from Extra26





Shapestealer [Tower Climber LitRPG]



Maya was chosen to die.

She was a nobody who lived on the streets. Cursed to enter the tower and died on the first floor.

The Administrator took pity on her and gave her one more chance at life. She was reborn.

Given the power to transform into the monsters she fights.





Kai ignored the guard and focused on purging the corruption from within the mana weaver.

He sent waves of mana into the weaver's body. Parts of the man's body had fallen to the corruption and it had taken hold, so it resisted Kai's mana viscously, not letting him destroy it and even fought against it.

Still, it wasn't strong enough to stop his mana.

After coming to his era, Kai's mana had only gotten more pure because of the quality of the mana in the air here.

Beads of sweat gathered on his forehead as he focused. To the guard, it might have looked like nothing, but Kai felt like he was in the middle of a battlefield, fighting the corruption with his mana.

The mana weaver shook a few times during the purification, but it mostly stayed put, his Sleep spell doing its work. If it had woken up, it would have surely attacked him.

The whole thing went smoothly as Kai took deep breaths, consolidated his breathing and kept on working.

After an hour of it, Kai saw the black lines on his neck thinning. A few of them disappeared and even a few of his fingers returned to their normal state.

The black lines on his arms completely went away.

It was a gradual process, but it was a positive response to his purification.

The skin colour of the weaver had gone completely pale and it almost resembled a blood drinker. If Kai was right, it would take a week for the colour to return to normal.

The eyes had turned red alongside the face morphing into rotten flesh. Those would take extra care from him and he didn't have enough mana for it at the moment.

He touched the weaver's neck and sent a last rush of mana inside its veins before sighing. Taking a last look at it, he stood up and dusted his hands off.

Kai looked at the guard who still looked a bit shocked at what he had seen.

“I will come here regularly every day to heal it. For now, just keep it fed and don’t do anything. I might just be able to save it,” Kai said and paused, taking a moment to think for himself. He took a glimpse at the mana weaver and looked back at the guard. “I would prefer it if you don't go around using your mouth about me being a Mage.”

Kai looked at him in the eyes, giving a ‘did you understand what I meant’ look. The guard nodded immediately.

For him, it didn't matter if people knew if he was a Mage or not, but there would be questions once it got revealed. He preferred to reveal it himself to others rather than them finding out about it from rumours.

Also, he was a bit wary of Actra.

Kai hadn't seen him yet, but knowing that he might be connected to the ritual and Arzan's death, he couldn't help but be cautious of him.

Moreover, being a Mage might just help him get support from Killian and Francis. Both of them had considerable authority around here, but Kai doubted they trusted him. It was more like they endured him and didn't dare to speak against him due to his family.

If he wanted to rule here, he needed retainers and being a Mage would certainly help with that.

“Lord Arzan, you said that you would come here to heal the mana weaver. Does that mean it could be saved?” The guard’s voice brought him back to the present and he looked at him.

“Yes, I would be able to save it. The corruption hadn't spread so much that we would have to kill it.”

Saying so, Kai turned around to leave, but as he was doing so, his eyes noticed something sitting in front of the walls. A unique-looking stone.

“Is that a Syphon stone?” Kai questioned as he fixed his gaze on it. He briefly recalled Killian mentioning it before.

The Syphon stone was a green, crystallised stone with the ability to draw mana from the surroundings. Kai had seen their fair share of them before.

It was kept far away from the mana weaver and he assumed it was to absorb the mana from the air, so the Weaver couldn't gather his energy back. It was a great tool for someone to be kept exhausted.

“Yes, it is, My Lord. We are using it to absorb as much mana as possible from the weaver. We haven't expected such a situation, or we would have already constructed cuffs made from Syphon stone,” he said while glancing between the stone and Kai.

Kai kept looking at the stone before slowly walking towards it. Picking it in his hand, the Syphon stone tried to absorb his mana, but it wasn't able to. Kai's control on its mana was strong enough unlike the weaver who had transformed recently.

As he kept looking at the crystallised stone, Kai's mind started to spin. Almost as if leaves caught on fire, an idea ignited in his mind.

Can't I use these stones to make up a Heat stone? With their natural mana absorption, I only have to inscribe an Ignition seal on them. Though, it's easier said than done.

Kai thought in his mind and weighed the pros and cons before deciding on running a few tests.

Looking back at the guard, he asked, “What is your name?”

“It's Feroy, my Lord.”

“Feroy, get a few of these Syphon stones in my room as soon as possible.”

***

Inside his room, Kai looked down at the Syphon stones that were glistening in front of him. He smiled at them as they could be the answer to his first and most important problem right now.

As they were common and were easily found in the mountains, Kai was easily able to get a few of them to begin his experiments.

From what he knew, the stones were useless other than their ability to absorb mana.

It was also the reason common people didn't like them. There were a few tales of travellers touching them in the mountains and feeling powerless after the stones suck all their mana. Unlike him, commoners hardly have any ability to resist the pull of the stones.

From what he recalled, they were mostly used in prisons, especially against Mages as normal cuffs won't work against them. There were quite a few people he had read about who had experimented on the stones, trying to power them up or use them for other reasons.

Though, no one had tried to make them a Heat stone. He had only heard of them being used as Mana batteries before.

It was because they tended to blast if someone tried to use external mana to change their properties. Enchanting them was also not easy due to that.

Only the best Mages would be able to do that.

Kai had a few reservations because of that, but he had no other plan.

That's why, he picked up one stone and slowly started enchanting it, keeping in mind to be delicate or else he might end up getting killed just a week after regressing.

First of all, to limit the mana that the stones would absorb, Kai thought of a specific enchantment.

He didn’t want the energy to be drained from everyone surrounding the stone.

The Heat stone was supposed to provide heat, not suck all the energy.

Slowly, he inscribed the seal on top of the stone, making sure that he wasn't putting too much pressure on it.

It shook in his hand, but the mana stored in it didn't act strange. Slowly, Kai traced the seal on top of the stone and once it was done, it took a sigh of relief.

One thing is done.

Next, he decided to use the Ignition seal on the other side of the stone. That would make sure that the stone would turn all the mana inside of it to warm itself up and then the air around it.

An Ignition seal was harder to do, so Kai took more time in it.

The patterns were complex and despite being a basic version of the real seal he knew of, it would do the work. After each line, Kai kept a note on how it was behaving and continued.

The stone absorbed his magic, almost like sponges soaking up water.

It suddenly flickered a little and Kai immediately put it down and walked a few steps away from it, preparing to cast a defensive spell.

The next second, a noise came out.

Crack!

Kai looked on as the stone cracked and frowned. It hadn't exploded, but his efforts were ruined.

He had to start from scratch again.

For the rest of the day, Kai kept working on the stones, even eating his dinner in his room as he worked to enchant the stones.

After going through a few of them, he realised that the stones were cracking because of the pressure from the inscriptions he was doing. He also made other mistakes, both big and small.

Once, the stone even exploded because he messed up the Ignition seal.

He survived as he jumped out of the range of it, but he did attract the attention of Claire and one guard who was close by.

In his defence, it was only because he tried to limit the level of warmth that the stones would give out. He didn't want them to burn someone's hands. It had to be at a specific temperature for them to be a hit among the common public.

Like that, he kept working on the stone. Every try was him getting close to success and slowly, he mastered the Ignition seal and how to inscribe it perfectly.

He took breaks to recover his mana and went back to it again.

His whole night was spent like that, but Kai didn't regret any part of it as the morning arrived.

***

Killian looked down at his plate. He cut the bread into pieces. With his fork, he grabbed the meat and put it on top.

It was breakfast and he regarded it as the most important meal of the day. Today was the same and the food made by the cook was the same as every day, just how he liked it.

Still, he sensed a gaze on him and as he raised his head, he matched Francis's eyes on him.

“Do you have something to say, Francis?” Killian asked, looking at him. His brows furrowed in curiosity.

"Have you noticed Lord Arzan acting unusual lately? I mean-”

Killian nodded, chewing thoughtfully. "Yeah, something's off. I heard he's been hoarding those Syphon stones, doing god knows what in his room for the last three days. He only goes out to meet Mana weaver. We're neck-deep in debt, and he's tinkering with a bunch of stones.”

He shook his head in disappointment.

Francis put the bread he was eating down, a puzzled expression etched on his face. “I thought he was going to do something about the debt. Maybe send a letter to the Duke's household for them to help us, but he's just wasting time with stones." His voice was thickly laced with disappointment.

Killian sighed and took a bite of the bread. "I don't get it. Maybe he's onto something, but we're in no position for experiments-"

He stopped talking as soon as he heard footsteps. Both of them turned their faces around to see someone familiar.

Arzan walked in with a smile on his face. He looked between the two.

“Good morning, Lord Arzan!”

Both of them said at the same time. Killian glanced at Francis and decided to ask about the Syphon stones.

“Lord Arzan, we heard you were-”

“I have something to show to you both.”

Before he could continue further, Arzan replied.

His eyes glistened with accomplishment, and his upward smile showed that he was proud of what he had done.

From the cloak he was wearing, he pulled out a stone and placed it on the table in front of them. It was glistening with a green shimmer, and they could see energy shifting inside.

There were also strange patterns engraved onto them on all sides.

“What are those patterns on the Syphon stone?” Francis asked, looking up at Arzan.

“Why are you showing us a Syphon stone, Lord Arzan?” Killian also asked, his face scrunching up in confusion.

“Place your hands on it,” Arzan looked at the duo and said. His attention immediately shifted to Killian, urging him to touch the stone.

Killian frowned but didn't dare to object. He slowly placed his hands on top of the stone. The cold surface of the stone made him wince as he felt it drawing his mana.

Slowly, the shimmer in the stone increased as Killian tried to resist. He flinched as the energy continued to drain from his body.

“Why are you trying to drain me early in the morning?” Killian asked and withdrew his hands immediately.

Arzan shook his head. “Place them back. And tell me what you feel.”

Killian already knew what he would feel if he placed them back. “Lord Arzan, I still have the rest of the day left—“

“Just do so,” Arzan insisted.

Killian and Francis locked eyes and both wondered at the same time. He hadn't seen the Lord being so forceful before. Mostly, he would just order and act aloof.

“Well-“ Killian obliged.

This time, when he kept his hands above the stones, he could feel a strange warmth emitting from the stone. The cold surface completely changed and it felt good.

“What… is that? And how…”

Killian questioned and looked up at Arzan who smiled.

“This is a Heat stone. And this is how we will be paying back our debt. We are going to sell these.”



A note from Extra26



There will be bonus chapter if we cross 500 followers in the next two days. So please follow the novel and if you can rate and review since it really helps get the exposure necessary for me to keep writing it.





9. Laws and conversations


A note from Extra26



Please go and read up Melas Delta and Arzie new novel! You will love it!

https://www.royalroad.com/fiction/81581/amber-the-cursed-berserker





“Heat stones? This feels so… warm. I never heard of something like that before.” Francis asked, his eyes filled with curiosity as his gaze alternated between the stone and Kai.

His hands were on top of the Heat stone and he continued to feel the increment of temperature.

“It feels good, right,” Kai said, smiling.

It had taken a while, but he had finally managed to develop the Heat stone. It wasn't to the level of a high-quality one he remembered, but it was still good enough for daily use.

Just by the expression on Francis's face, he could tell that the Heat stones had worked as expected.

“It’s as if the sun is in my hand— in this weather, Lord Arzan! This stone… Where did you find it? Did you make it?” Francis asked, looking at the stone closely and holding it like it was some treasure.

Killian also closely inspected the glinting stone.

Withdrawing his eyes from it, he turned to look at Kai.

“Is this what you were doing with the Syphon stones, Lord Arzan?” He asked, looking at Kai with a strange expression.

“Yes, I have been working on them for the past few days,” he said, wondering how to explain it. “Well, what I basically did was take the Syphon stone, and then design its insides so that it would emit heat. It initially does what Syphon stones are supposed to do, and then, the mana it absorbs will be converted to heat, releasing it to the outside.”

He finished the explanation and took the stone in his hand.

He hid the parts about him enchanting the stone as it would start another conversation he didn't want to have with the servants around.

Fortunately, it looked like both Killian and Francis were impressed by the Heat stone and the warmth coming from it.

The latter looked to be contemplating something. His hand was on his chin as he stared at the Heat stone. After a few seconds, he raised his head to look at Kai.

“How many of these will Your Lordship be able to create within a day?” Francis asked and Kai immediately replied.

“Five a day. It took me some time to figure out the particulars. But I believe, in no time I will be able to create twice that within a day,” Kai said, as he thought about how long things would take and calculated the amount of mana he had to put in. Since he had gotten the right seals to enchant the stones, he would be able to avoid any mishaps.

“With the heavy winter this year, we can sell these for quite a good amount and with that, we can pay back the debt.”

Francis and Killian both nodded at his words. Both their faces were filled with questions, but they seemed to agree with Kai's assessment of the Heat stone.

“How long do these last?” Killian inquired as he took the stone to his hand.

“They’d last at least a year. Maybe a few weeks past that, but not more than that. So, we can keep the production going and sell them every year.”

Francis nodded. “I have a certain amount of price for this, and if this works out, the debt will be gone in no time. In places like Kalaria City and the capital, these would go at record prices. We could even auction them off. I'm pretty sure nobles would pay a good sum to alleviate the cold.”

“They would,” Kai said. “Syphon stones aren't hard to get, so we would be able to make a decent profit off them.”

“Yes, we sure will.”

Francis said with a satisfied look on his face.

“Lord Arzan, how did you even manage to develop something like this?” Killian’s voice came out doubtfully. His stare at Kai was deep and stern. Or maybe it was how he usually looked at people. “The designs on this… They looked like they were seals. I saw an enchanted sword once and they have similar-looking symbols on it.”

Francis immediately took note of the seals on the Heat stone as he narrowed his eyes.

“Seals? Do you mean the language of-” Francis started to speak, but stopped as he saw a guard walking towards them.

“Pardon me, Lord Arzan, Knight Killian, and administrator Francis… But there’s an immediate situation that needs your attention,” the guard said, bowing to Kai before looking straight at them.

“What is it?” Kai asked immediately.

“A merchant from the Tradeheart merchant company was creating a ruckus wanting to meet you. He was planning to walk to the diner himself, but we kept him in the room on the first floor. He's waiting for you there.”

Both Killian and Francis exchanged looks at each other and stood up. Neither of them was done with their breakfasts, but there were important matters to deal with.

It hadn't been a week, but it seemed like the merchant had decided to give an early visit.

“Let’s go there, immediately,” Killian said and walked out of the hall.

Kai and Francis, both followed him without another word.

I was wondering when they would show up.

Kai sighed as he followed. Francis had gone pale beside him and even Killian didn't seem like his usual self.

If he hadn't developed the Heat stone, Kai might have been worried too, but with it in his hands, there was no reason to worry.

They took the stairs to the first floor and the guard showed them the room the merchant was sitting in.

As soon as Kai entered the room, he was met with a bald man with average-looking features who gave him a half-hearted bow.

He wore a red cloak to protect him from the wind and below it, Kai could see a velvet tunic. All of his clothes looked to be made of fine material and intricate patterns.

Either the man was one of the executives in the merchant company or the company was just wealthy enough for even common merchants to be well off.

Besides him, two men in leather armour stood, looking like hired warriors. Both of them had swords sheathed in their hilts and were as tall as Killian.

Kai gestured to the merchant to take a seat on the sofa. The two bodyguards stood on each side of them and both of his retainers did the same.

“Lord Arzan, it's so good to see you after so long. How long has it been? Six months?”

The merchant asked and Kai simply nodded, not wanting to get into past matters since he had no memory of it.

“Why don't we start with the reason you are here?” He asked and the merchant's expression strained.

He soon smiled and began talking.

“I'm pretty sure you know my reason for visiting. It's to take the debt back," he said, giving a smile that reminded Kai of swindlers. "We've been patient, but the due date is long gone. You see, the Tradeheart merchant company values honesty and punctuality."

“I tried to discuss this with you before Galvan, but we are in no position to pay that amount of money, and you said you would give us a week,” Francis said, frowning.

The merchant shook his head. “I am here early because of a reason and does it even matter? The condition of the city isn't hidden from anyone and a few days here and there wouldn't change that.”

Kai stood silent, listening intently. Killian simply glared at the man and Francis looked to be lost for words.

The bald man, Galvan swept his gaze across them and took it as a consensus to keep going.

He continued, “Since you have been asking for more time, I have an alternative way for you to pay rather than in coins. We have prepared an agreement for you to hand over a part of the farmlands and one of the mines to us. I know that there are pesky bandits around, but the Tradeheart merchant company could handle them. It would also bring more security to your land. If you will, I will show the agreement to you.”

As the words left his mouth, Kai wondered for a second how Arzan would have reacted to it. Maybe he would be angry and lash out? It was hard to say.

Galvan kept his smiling moniker, but the words he spewed were enough to be considered more than rude.

“Go on,” Kai said, letting him continue.

He noticed how visibly uncomfortable Francis seemed to be next to him. He was shifting from one leg to another, and tapping on his elbow constantly.

“Now hold on. You can’t just ask for something like—”

Kai lifted a hand, interrupting his train of words. “Let him finish.”

Galvan nodded to him and quickly took out a set of documents from under a bag. He passed it on to Kai. “We’ve ensured it’s all perfectly legal and per the agreement.”

“This isn’t fair! We’ve been giving interest. You need to give us more time!”

Francis shouted out, glaring towards Galvan.

“It's not about that, Francis. An agreement is an agreement and the one Lord Arzan signed, clearly states that he needs to pay the whole debt in six months. He failed to do so, so it's within our right and the law of the land.”

As Galvan continued talking, Kai calmly picked up the agreement and went through it. It wasn't big and it seemed simple enough with all the right clauses.

Tradeheart merchant company would get the right to the mine for ten years and the farmlands indefinitely and in return, the debt would be over.

He was sure that they were planning to run the mine dry so that after ten years, there would be nothing left.

“Lord Arzan, you can take your time with it and sign it at your—”

“No, I don't think I will,” he said, interrupting Galvan. “I don't think you realise it, but your company is violating the Lancephil law.”

He finished his sentence calmly and looked at Galvan who looked baffled. His words seemed to be stuck in his throat for a second.

“What?” He asked. “Lord Arzan, this isn't the time for these sorts of things. I know you are playful, but this is a serious matter.”

“I’m serious, Galvan,” Kai said. “I'm pretty sure a merchant such as you would be well-versed in the kingdom's laws.”

“I'm, but I don't see how we are violating it here. The agreement was by it.”

The confusion on his face was a sight to see. Even Killian and Francis looked the same, but they tried their best to keep their faces neutral.

Kai put the agreement back on the table and smiled.

“The agreement is under the laws. I agree with that.”

“Then?”

“There’s just one thing you haven't given heed to or you won't be here today.”

“What?”

Silence filled the room for a few seconds as Kai thought back to the exact words he had read back in the library. Fortunately, among the history and geographical books, there was a book with the kingdom's laws written on it.

“According to the kingdom’s law, nobles like me have a provision. We can ask for an additional six months without any interest to pay back any loan we take. You can read section B, clause A in the 848th Lancephil Law that was first used in Year 790, and it is still in practice.”

The confidence in Kai's voice was clear and loud as he spoke. Galvan's smile faded away and he looked to be wondering if Kai had been lying or not.

“Are you sure… of it, Lord Arzan?” He asked, his voice breaking.

“Yes, I read it. You can check it. I won't lie to you.”

He gave a similar smile to Galvan that he had plastered on his face before. Kai had looked for a law book after knowing about the debt since nobles would often fall into the traps of merchants and even other nobles.

So, most of the time, kingdoms would have separate laws to give them one last chance.

In Lancephil Kingdom, it had come into practice almost a hundred years back when a Count had almost lost everything to a merchant and then, the king of those times had helped him out by giving him additional time.

Now, it has saved Kai.

Galvan’s face changed and he barely kept his smile.

“This goes against what we agreed upon, Lord Arzan! You can't just do that” he said and gritted his teeth.

“I’m just staying within my legal rights. I'm pretty sure you and Tradeheart merchant company take laws very seriously.”

Galvan didn't speak and just nodded. Kai could see his clenched hands beyond his cloak. The man always knew how to put a smile on his face, but was bad at hiding his anger.

“After six months, I would be happy to sign that agreement,” he said. “If it comes to that.”

Kai stood up, hoping to end the meeting. It was then that one of the towering bodyguards stepped forward. His face was scrunched up in frustration and anger.

“You can't back out now! Sign the agreement!”

Without even thinking further, the bodyguard started making his way towards Kai. He walked around the round table—but before he could do anything, Killian walked to the front of Kai.

Kai’s vision was blocked by Killian’s large body.

“If you don’t sign this—” the bodyguard's loud voice filled the air as he started lunging himself forward.

Kai swiftly cast a spell to make the ground slippery beneath the bodyguard, which caused him to lose his footing and stumble. It wasn't a flashy spell, so he doubted anyone saw it.

“What the…?” The bodyguard’s confused voice came from the floor as he slipped.

His huge body lost its balance and he fell with a thud, looking embarrassed.

Killian glared at Galvan, then the bodyguard.

“If you want to conduct yourself as thugs, the Tradeheart merchant company would be thrown out of the territory and I would personally kill you for attacking Lord Arzan,” he said, holding a sword towards him.

“I apologise, Lord Arzan,” Galvan quickly said. “He has got quite the temper. This bastard doesn't know how to behave.”

With a frown, he looked at the bodyguard who lifted himself. “I will excuse myself, for now, the kingdom’s laws are something me and Tradeheart merchant company respect and do not plan to cross. I hope to see you again, Lord Arzan.”

His frown deepened, but he didn't dare stay any longer.

Giving a death glare to his bodyguard, he left the room. The towering bodyguards followed the merchant outside.

Once they were gone, Kai took a sigh of relief.
