Let's aim for 6k followers now!

If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





61. Spiders


A note from Extra26





Vincent Cordell, a college student with schizophrenia, doesn’t want to be crazy. He just wants to lead a normal life, something his condition has never let him have. Voices whisper, walls bleed, eyes sprout in strange places. Getting a degree in electrical engineering is hard enough without worrying about falling into the abyss of his own madness.

But one dark night, the abyss pulls him in...

A supernatural entity strikes, and a simple car accident becomes anything but as Vincent finds himself thrust into a majestic, alien world where dragons stand on two legs, living and dying like men. And, thanks to a painful, impossible transformation, he is now one of them, stuck in a body he doesn't even know how to use.

An ancient evil stirs. Strange storms leave terrors in their wake. The natives of this world think Vincent has the power to save them. But he doesn't want anything to do with them or their myths. Dragons and prophecies are the products of a broken mind...aren't they?



---



What to expect:



*A world rich with painstakingly crafted detail and flowing descriptions. I love immersing myself in fantastical settings and I want my readers to feel what I feel.

*Characters that feel real, that live and breathe on each page.

*A grandiose epic with heroism, bravery, and a whole bunch of other buzzwords. (I suck at marketing, just click it and check it out! )





A Chronicle of Lies (High Fantasy/isekai)





Kai’s lungs burned as he reached the broken gate.

His head snapped towards the grating noise that came from the monsters in front of it. The sound itself sent shivers down his spine despite the rush of adrenaline in his body. And the sight—

All he could see were the massive limbs of three colossal spiders. Their bodies were the size of small houses. Their carapaces, a mottled obsidian black gleamed, reflecting under the sun's rays.

Each spider had eight spindly legs, each one thicker than a grown man’s torso, and tipped with razor-sharp claws. Their multiple eyes scanned the chaos they’d wrought almost as if they were proud of it.

Kai recognised them as Arachne spiders, Grade 3 monsters.

His attention divided as he saw one of the Enforcers— Nelson standing his ground under the numerous legs aiming at him.

His heavy halberd swung with surprising agility, deflecting a swipe from one of the spider’s claws. But the force of the blow sent him staggering back, the cobblestones erupting beneath his boots.

Before Kai could launch himself into the spiders, his focus was distracted further.

Merchants in the street abandoned their stalls, looking for places to hide, women clutched their children, screaming and praying for different gods who seemed to abandon the public once again like the fields, and a few guards who were present seemed to be hopelessly outmatched.

They attempted to form a line of defence, but even the weapons in their hands seemed to shake.

A guttural screech pierced the air, and another spider lunged for Nelson.

Its jaws, dripping with venomous ichor, snapped open, aiming at the Enforcer.

But Nelson rolled away just in time. The spider's mandibles slammed into the ground, creating a crater that sent up dust particles in the air.

His dodge seemed to anger the thick skimmed monster, but Nelson stood his ground. He yelled back, his voice firm as he swung his halberd.

But the spider showed surprising agility and moved back just in time before counterattacking. Its legs moved through the air at the same time, aiming at different parts of Nelson.

He deflected each leg that came his way, but the force of them kept pushing him back as he groaned in pain.

Kai couldn’t watch from afar anymore. He saw Nelson trying, but if the Enforcer continued to defend against the Arachne spider alone, there was a higher possibility of him losing his life.

These were no necromancers, bandits or larvae — but monstrous spiders. Though the former cooking apprentice had improved, he was still far from taking on a Grade 3 beast on his own.

Kai inhaled deeply and steadied his feet before surging forward.

Mana weaved around his palms, flowing through his veins before a structure formed, glowing brightly.

It was [Flame Arrow]. The same spell he had used against the Archine Tower Mages and one which was an easy replacement for [Firebolt]. Unlike the latter, it took more mana to form and maintain, but with his higher reserves, he knew the impact and the damage will be higher against the multi-limbed creatures.

The flaming arrow erupted from his palms instantly, streaking towards the spider. The projectile, a sharp arrow of destruction, slammed into the creature’s carapace, leaving a sizzling scorch mark.

The spider shook its head, its attention momentarily distracted from Nelson.

“Nelson! Aim for the lower abdomen!” Kai yelled before the spider could recover from the surprise spell.

Nelson didn’t even take time to look back as he lunged forward, his halberd aiming there.

The remaining guards who were shaky in their feet, charged forward with the arrival of Kai.

He didn’t waste another moment.

He sent more [Flame Arrows] aiming at the legs of the other two spiders who were making a fuss, reaching for their weak, wounded friend. The burning smell spread in the air as the arrows hit their mark and the spiders let out a painful growl.

The guards made their way towards the two arachne spiders, their swords waving left and right, surrounding them and hitting any spot they could.

But the spiders weren't making it any easier.

They moved swiftly, defending against the guards with their numerous legs.

On the side, Nelson brought back his heavy halberd and hit the abdomen once more, oozing heavy blood out of it, splattering the street like a wide canvas.

The spider screeched in pain hit back with a leg and Nelson sidestepped in a moment of swiftness. Not wanting to give it any more time, he charged up, aiming at the abdomen again.

To assist him, Kai sent out more and more arrows towards the spider, making it stagger backwards. Due to its massive body, it had no way of dodging, but it swung its legs in an attempt to defend itself.

The arrows burned its legs but failed to penetrate as the spider grunted and screeched.

Nelson moved to launch another strike and a guard's cry made Kai flung his head in his direction.

He saw a thick stream of white, sticky web catch a young guard full in the face. He cried out as the spider threw more web, wrapping his entire body and making it impossible for the guard to move.

The Arachne spider seemed to take pride in its work as it let out a happy grunt and moved towards the guards. The other guards around it tried to move to defend their comrade, but more webs came their way, wrapping around their arms and legs.

The guards squirmed under the webs, their screams muffled by the sticky substance as the spider tried to reel them in.

Not under my watch.

Kai fired up an arrow, sending it right into the middle of the thread that attached the web, burning it up as he saw someone familiar approaching the scene atop a horse.

“Lord Arzan!” Killian cried out.

As Killian appeared, Kai formed a spell structure and shot out a vortex of flames, trapping the spider to not let it move towards the guards. The flames burned the spider's legs as it tried to move through them, burning away the chitin and flesh.

At this time, Killian slashed through the webbing with his sword, freeing the trapped guards. All the while keeping his eyes on the spider which was soaring and screeching as it tried to get rid of the flames around its legs which bled.

Killian soon got rid of all the webs and turned his mount towards the spider, careful enough not to hurt the horse with all the fire.

Kai launched another volley of flaming arrows at the wounded spider’s lower abdomen.

With Killian in charge and the arrows, it didn't take a long time for the spider to be heavily wounded. As the spider bled with reddish-black blood, it hissed and sprang up at the knight.

He moved just in time to escape the spider coming through the flames and aimed at its side, but the sword flickered away, not even managing to leave a scratch at the pristine shell.

Killian frowned as the spider moved to pierce him.

“Aim for the abdomen!”

Kai's voice brought back light to Killian's eyes as he rolled on the ground, escaping the attack. His sword moved like a viper striking, entering the spider and coming out from the other side.

Killian pushed the spider away as blood spilt on the ground.

In the background, the other spider seemed reckless as it continued to spit webs. Nelson tried to get through its thick carapace, swinging the halberd in every way possible.

Kai didn't move from his spot, trying to assist Nelson since Killian was already here to handle the third spider. Although his flaming arrows didn't kill the bastards, they wounded them enough for the fighters to harm them directly.

He unleashed spell after spell, giving Nelson enough time to move under the spider's legs and kill it.

With Kai keeping the monster distracted, he moved with ease, deflecting any attacks that came his way and hitting the same spot again and again.

The spider lost more blood second and unleashed a torrent of web towards Nelson, but it was clear that the Enforcer was trained well by Killian.

He dodged the web and planted his feet onto the ground, putting all his power into one thrust.

The spider tried to defend, but Nelson was swift and his weapon cut through two of its bleeding legs before smashing through its carapace. His face scrunched up in fury and concentration.

Blood oozed into the ground as Nelson kept twisting his halberd, wanting to see to the end that the spider was dead.

It was only after Kai put a hand on his shoulder that the man stopped. Looking back, he blinked his eyes.

“You did a good job. It's dead,” Kai said, patting his shoulders.

“Y-yes, Lord Arzan!” The man muttered, lowering his head, his eyes moving towards the spider's corpse before he took a sigh of relief.

“Rest now. I will handle the last one.”

As Kai said that, he turned back to see Killian battling with the last arachne spider. It was bigger than the other two, protecting its lower abdomen, unlike its fallen brethren.

Its eight legs deflected blows from every direction as the guards staggered back, not daring to come too close. When Killian rushed, swinging his sword in a vibrant arc, it shot out a thick web, directly on his face.

Killian cried out, momentarily blind as he tried to get the web out of his face.

That much was enough for the spider to move and jab with its legs. Just then, Kai moved, attracting its attention with a flaming arrow.

More and more arrows formed in the air as the spider looked towards him. The arrows wheezed through the air as they shot out webs to hold them back before leaping at him.

Kai didn't know if the spider recognised him as the strongest around here, but its eyes glinted as it charged, shooting more webs.

Unfortunately for him, he was done playing around.

As the webs reached him, something changed in the atmosphere. Mana surged all around him as something bubbled up from the ground.

Out of nowhere, a searing wall of flames burst forth, reaching ten feet into the air. The webs evaporated as they touched it, but the spider didn't take the cue.

It smashed right into it and let out a loud screech that everyone in the city heard. Flames licked at its body, slowly climbing on its legs and carapace. The ground scorched around it as a pungent smell filled the air.

While the spider hissed in pain, the wall disappeared and out from it, Kai appeared, holding a flaming spear.

The monster's eyes widened as it saw him and it tried to turn and run, but its eight legs weren't fast enough. The spear cut through its carapace, piercing its body as it staggered.

Its legs twitched for a few moments before going still.

With that, the last arachne spider crumpled.

“I feel good after being able to use these spells again. It feels like I'm back in my youth,” Kai muttered, shaking his head.

[Firewall] and [Searing Lance] were two third-circle spells he had used often and being able to use them again felt good. Though he had partially expanded his reserves, it still had enough for more than a few spells.

He streaked the sweat out of his forehead and took one final look at the slain bodies of the spiders, their bodies leaking a viscous reddish black ichor that stained the cobblestones a sickly hue.

With a sigh, Kai moved towards Nelson and Killian who were tending to an injured guard.

The former cooking apprentice knelt beside a guard whose legs seemed to be stabbed by the spider's leg. By the way, he groaned, Kai was sure that a few bones were broken too.

He wasn't the only one as more guards rested on the ground, their injuries stinging as the adrenaline left their bodies.

Kai leaned a bit against the guard and used a minor healing spell. Immediately, a surge of mana hit the guard and the paleness of his face lessened. Although it wasn't enough for his wound to close, it still helped as he stopped bleeding and his complexion looked much better.

"He would be good in a few days. I will heal the other guards too, but first, what happened?" Kai asked, looking at Nelson.

He needed to know, to understand the chain of events that had led to this moment. If he was right, Nelson was here when the spiders burst through the gates.

Nelson lifted his head slowly, his eyes scanning Kai’s face before settling on the latter’s eyes. “We were conducting our routine patrol," he said, his words punctuated by ragged breaths. "Just making sure everything was secure at the gate."

He gestured towards the shattered remnants with a trembling hand. "Then, out of nowhere, we saw them. Three of those spiders. They were moving fast, like a pack of hungry wolves scenting prey. Before we could even process, one of them attacked the gate."

He grimaced as he recalled it. "We tried to hold them back, Lord Arzan, but they were… unstoppable. I sent a runner to inform you, but—"

Kai finished the sentence for him, his gaze steady. "But fortunately, I was close enough to intervene."

Nelson managed a weak nod.

Thankfully, Kai had reached as he saw the smoke from afar before the runner could come to find him.

He straightened, noticing how Nelson flinched for a second. It seemed like the young Enforcer wasn't used to talking to him and was nervous. "Enough damage has already been done," he muttered.

He looked at the shattered gate, then back at Killian and Nelson, his face masked with his usual grimness.

“Arachne spiders," Kai said, his voice low. "I've never seen any of those around here. Why now? These beasts typically avoid civilised areas, let alone a well-fortified city."

Killian's brow furrowed. "Perhaps," he said slowly. "The shift in seasons has something to do with it. Aurora has sprung, and since the winter is over, the dungeon would have opened up. Lots of beasts have emerged out of it."

A flicker of understanding crossed Kai's face. “So, these spiders came out of it.”

Killian nodded. "It's a major possibility. But that still doesn't explain their aggressive behaviour. Dungeon monsters rarely attack cities directly."

Kak frowned. More questions sprang up in his mind. It didn't seem like a random attack to him.

An unsettling feeling, a premonition of something far worse, crawled up his spine. "There's more to this," he said, not wanting to believe his own words. "We’ll see what this is all about. Send word to the hunters. We'll need them to track these creatures, to find the source of this attack."

He surveyed the scene once more, the civilians were already walking here and there now that the battle was over, though the guards tried to keep them away from the corpses. "We also need to tend to the injured and start on repairs."



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 5k! Close to 6000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





62. Primal urgency


A note from Extra26





Regressed Master: Raising The Son Of Heaven Isn't Easy



Being favored by the Heavens is great. But, only for the chosen one.

The Second Peak master of Azure Sky Sect, Immortal Li Muchen, lived a perfect life. He had power, position, status, and a genius disciple blessed by the heavens.

When others took one step in their cultivation, his disciple took ten. When others found one heavenly sword, his disciple used them to trim the bushes in the courtyard. But, things weren’t smooth sailing for Li Muchen.

With his disciple’s immense luck came his tendency to walk into the heart of danger. He would always come out of it with a profit, but that wasn’t the case for others.

Bandit Groups, Rigged Secret Realms, Sect Wars, Hidden Organizations, the Demonic Sects, or battling the Disaster Gods, he always found his disciple in the heart of these problems.

In the end, his disciple survived but Li Muchen couldn’t, but his disciple’s immense luck helped him this time.

Now, regressed 200 years in the past and armed with future knowledge, locations of secret realms and opportunities that come by once a millennium, and the powers of a Disaster God he knows nothing about, he'll rewrite fate, and find his Genius Disciple again.

He won’t settle for simply surviving this time.

The war with the Disaster Gods is coming and he's ready to face it.



* * *



What to Expect:

-Detailed study of each cultivation realm and the workings behind them. No pop pills/absorb Qi to jump levels. Each Cultivation Method will also be explored in detail along with other aspects of Cultivation.

-A nice balance of direct action with swords and understanding the Dao to gain enlightenment.

-A Mc that would be ruthless when needed,

-Nicely paced. With a mix of hidden plots, schemes, actions, alchemy, and most importantly teaching.

-Strong to Stronger

-A strong cast of characters that will get you invested.

-A whole lot of exploration of the expansive world and its endless mysteries.





Two days had passed since the Arachne spider attack, the heavy memory still hanging heavy in the air like the acrid scent of smoke.

Kai sat at the head of a heavy oak table in one of the rooms where usual meetings were held, sunlight slanting through the tall windows and illuminating the faces of three weathered hunters stood.

These men, clad in worn leather jerkins and thick furs, hailed from villages on the Vasper Forest's fringes— the same forest where Kai had faced the necromancer months ago.

Francis sat beside the hunters, opposite Kai, his arms crossed and a neutral expression drawn on his face. The silence in the room was thick with tension, broken only by the occasional crackle from the fireplace in the hearth.

As Kai gazed at the three hunters, he recognised one of them. “Phillips, it's been a while.”

“Phillips of Hagmons Keep greets you, my lord,” the man said, giving a slight bow and looking brighter from the last time he had seen him.

His hair looked shorter now and he seemed to be doing well for himself going by the glow on his face. Back then, he had assisted them with the necromancer and it wasn't a small help either since he had even participated in the fight.

“How have you been?” he asked.

“After you dealt with the necromancer, things have been progressing well. We have repaired the gate and the hunts have been feeding my family and the rest of the village well.”

He nodded his head towards him before his eyes moved to the other two men who immediately offered their names.

“Quenson of Averous Village greets you, my lord.”

“Maison of Mangrove Village greets you, my lord.”

Once their greetings were done, the hunters took their seats and he started the meeting.

"Thank you all for coming," Kai began, his voice sturdy as he looked between the men. He kept the water he chugged down aside and leaned forward at the men who gave a brief nod. "As you know, the city was recently attacked by monsters."

He gestured towards a sketch depicting an Arachne spider, its eight spindly legs and menacing mandibles meticulously rendered on parchment. The hunters leaned closer, their faces scrunching up in recognition as they studied the drawing.

"We believe these creatures originated from the Vasper forest," Kai continued. “Particularly from the dungeon opening up. The attack was strange since these spiders shouldn't be here. I want to know what's going on in the forest.”

Maison, a burly man with a thick salt-and-pepper beard, spoke up with a loud voice. "Opens up every spring, spewing forth all sorts of nasty creatures. We usually see a rise in monster activity in nearby villages during those times."

"Hmm," Kai acknowledged, his gaze flitting between the hunters. "But wouldn't these creatures typically target the villages closer to the forest? Why venture to the city?"

Quinton, a wiry man with a hawk-like nose chimed in. "Normally, you'd be right, Lord Arzan. But this year something feels different. The dungeon's opening seemed more… violent this time. And the creatures, they're more restless, bolder than usual. They aren't displaying normal behaviour."

Kai straightened in his seat, noticing the patterns of his words. "Restless? Not displaying usual behaviour? Can you elaborate?"

The hunter scratched his beard thoughtfully.

"Well, about two weeks ago, I was on a hunting trip deep within the Vasper Forest, quite a distance from the dungeon. And I saw them, a whole swarm of spiders, moving together in a way I've never witnessed before."

A flicker of surprise crossed Kai's face. "A swarm of spiders? So far from the dungeon?"

Quenson nodded, his gaze unwavering. "Aye, it was unsettling. Like they were moving towards something. I stared at it for a while since it wasn't usual for those spiders to be in that part of the forest.”

The room fell silent once more, the weight of the hunter’s words hanging in the heavy air.

By Quenson's words, it was already clear the spiders were acting strange. But why? Normally, he could point it to monsters exploring and accidentally coming towards the city.

Though, that was the case with a few spiders.

If an entire swarm was moving, then it was something else.

Arachne spiders were typically territorial creatures content to dwell within the confines of the dungeon or any other closed places. Them venturing so far away and in such numbers? It painted a disturbing picture.

He turned to Francis, his voice laced with a hint of unease.

"Strange, isn't it?" he said, his gaze flickering between the sketch of the Arachne spider and the concerned faces of the hunters. "These creatures venturing so far from their territory. What could be causing this?" He pondered, not getting any answers.

“Lord Arzan,” Phillips muttered, bringing his attention back to him. “I have also noticed them in the territories of other species. At first, I thought it was accidental since I only saw a few of them, but I don't know now. Beasts normally don't move towards others' territory as it's a proclamation of a fight.”

Kai nodded, feeling like there was something at play with the spiders.

His thoughts halted as he noticed the uneasiness in Francis’s posture. He was shifting in his seat slightly, looking at Kai. Almost as if he had something on his mind.

“What is it, Francis?” Kai asked.

Francis frowned, taking a few seconds before speaking. "There's a term for such occurrences, my Lord," he said slowly, his voice low. "A beast wave… Sometimes, beasts would act strange and gather together, and launch an attack towards cities or any human civilizations. The patterns the hunters talked about matched what I have read.”

Kai's eyes narrowed. The term wasn't unfamiliar. It wasn't a common event, but it occurred enough times for there to be records of it.

There weren't any particular reasons for why it happened, but normally they were known to destroy entire civilizations.

“If we assume it's a beast wave, then…" Kai's voice was a tight coil of suspicion. "Doesn't that imply the presence of a leader? Beasts don't typically work together unless compelled to do so."

Francis pursed his lips. “Yes, that's the worry, Lord Arzan. If it truly is a beast wave, then there must be something driving these creatures, a force orchestrating this movement. A monster capable of leading everyone and making them coordinate."

A hint of a wry smile played on Maison’s lips. “Lord Arzan, a beast wave typically… Well, let's just say it throws a wrench into the natural order. Territorial boundaries blur, and a primal urgency takes hold. The strongest become the de facto leader, driving the weaker creatures forward."

"The strongest, you say?" Kai slowly nodded, trying to put it all together. "And in the Vasper Forest, the strongest monster you've encountered, who is it?"

Maison shook his head immediately. "Vermorga, the Brood Mother," he snarled at the name."A monstrous Arachne, rumoured to have grown to unnatural size by feasting on the dungeon core's mana. I've only ever glimpsed it from afar once in my youth, it was a colossal nightmare with eyes like burning forests."

Kai's stomach clenched. A colossal brood mother, fueled by the dungeon's very essence, leading a horde of ravenous spiders out of their territory? The picture painted a terrifying scenario. He took a deep breath, trying to steady his nerves.

If he recalled, it was a Grade 6 monster, needing a whole group of third circle Mages to deal with alongside Enforcers and even common guards. If such a creature attacked the city, there was no way they would be able to defend against it.

"Tell me everything you know about these spiders," he demanded. "Population size, typical behaviour, hunting patterns— everything!"

The hunters exchanged glances, a mutual understanding passing between them. This was no longer a simple matter of tracking down a few escaped creatures. This was a potential catastrophe in the making.

For the next hour, the room filled with conversation.

The hunters spoke of the vast network of tunnels beneath the dungeon, home to an untold number of Arachne of varying sizes and strengths. They described their hunting patterns, their venomous bites, and their skittish nature. Most importantly, they confirmed Francis's grim prediction.

"In a beast wave," Francis said, "all bets are off. Species that wouldn't be caught dead within a hundred leagues of each other will find themselves fighting alongside each other, driven by a primal instinct for survival… and destruction."

The weight of the revelation pressed down on Kai. A single arachne attack had been hard to deal with. A full-blown beast wave, led by a monstrous brood mother and fueled by the cooperation of various creatures, could spell doom for the estate.

He looked at the hunters.

"Thank you," he said, his voice hoarse. "Keep a close eye on the forest. Report any unusual activity or any signs of other creatures venturing out of their territories. We need to be prepared for what's coming."

The hunters nodded and Francis glanced at him. When Kai's gaze matched his, he knew they were both thinking the same thing.

If they didn't do anything, they would be annihilated!

-

Only two days passed since the hunters' visit, and their reports confirmed Kai's worst fears.

The spiders, in a stark departure from their usual skittish behaviour, seemed fixated on a single path— a path leading directly to the city. Even more unsettling was the unnatural quietude in the forest. Predators that would normally be out hunting after leaving the dungeon were strangely subdued.

These reports, coupled with Francis' words and the parchments Kai had unearthed from the library archives, all pointed towards one horrifying possibility— the nascent stages of a beast wave. The very thought sent shivers down his spine.

But Kai couldn't afford to dwell on anxieties.

He needed evidence, something concrete to validate their suspicions. Thus, on a crisp morning, he found himself leading Claire, much to her surprise, towards the very edge of the Vasper Forest.

She had been surprised when he asked if she would like to go for a walk, but she surely hadn't expected it to be towards the edge of the forest

It was a ride of two hours even with the horses running at full speed and throughout the way, Kai didn't speak, urging Claire to cast curious glances at him.

He only spoke once they reached their destination. “Let's get off here.”

“Okay.”

Claire, surprisingly adept at riding, dismounted alongside him as they reached a secluded clearing.

The dappled sunlight filtering through the leaves cast dancing shadows on the forest floor.

She cast nervous glances around, her eyes flitting between the trees.

"Why are we here, Lord Arzan?" she finally voiced her curiosity, unable to contain it any longer.

Kai turned to her, a calm smile gracing his lips. "We're here to perform a simple ritual, Claire," he said, "A ritual that might give me a few answers."





A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 5k! Close to 6000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





63. Forest spirit


A note from Extra26





The Glorious Revolution [Isekai OP Hero]



What happens after a Summoned Hero has done his job and beaten back the Big Bad?.

But when they overreach in their fear of his power, Leonard decides he's done playing their game.

He's suffered the foul presence of slavery and tyranny for too long. It's time to change things, whether the people in charge want it or not.





Drawing back his attention from Claire’s curious eyes, Kai focused on the woodland elk that was in the small spacious area, taking its position into his aim. He noticed how its antlers were a crown of polished bone.

It looked majestic, but it was barely a Grade 2 monster. It would take a few spells to deal with it, but his main focus was on simply scaring it away.

White streaks of mana formed around his palm, turning into a spell structure for [Wind Blade].

Within a second, the wind solidified into a shimmering blade, humming with his mana.

As he shot the blade towards the beast, blood immediately stained its flank. It got caught off guard by the attack as it grunted in pain, its feet hurrying around the nearby trees. Kai landed another blow with the wind blade, sending the elk crashing back into the bush with a startled snort.

It ran deep inside the forest, vanishing from sight with an enraged bellow.

Kai sighed and let his arm down as he deactivated the spell, the remaining mana dissipating into the cool morning air.

No more disturbances, he thought as he glanced around the clearing.

It was as good a place as any.

Claire, who was behind him the entire time, walked forward, her feet crunching the dried leaves that were all over the floor.

“Now…” Kai said in just above a whisper.

“What now, Lord Arzan?”

From his pouch, he retrieved a vial filled with a white powder, shimmering faintly for what was inside.

He bent down and began to trace a complex symbol on the forest floor, the powder leaving a luminescent trail in its wake. He paid extra attention to the patterns he connected, trying to make sure there was no mistake in even a slight dent.

The swirling pattern of circles and intersecting lines vibrated with subtle mana he pushed through to seal the lines as he continued with the overall image in mind.

He worked in focused silence, the only sound the rhythmic crunch of his boots on the forest floor as he moved between points of the design.

Ten minutes melted away.

As he finished the final line, a feeling washed over him— the first step was done.

Claire, who had watched the entire process with curious eyes, spoke up. "What now?" she asked, her voice barely a whisper.

"The first step is complete," Kai replied his thoughts aloud, wiping his brow free of sweat. "Now for the second." He held up his hand, and a ball of condensed green mana materialized in his palm.

Claire's eyes widened further as she stared at the glowing orb in Kai's hand. Then, he handed the small ball of light to her hand and started creating one for himself as well.

"Hold on to it," he instructed, watching as she wrapped her fingers around the ball of mana like a precious gem. "Now, stand inside the symbol." He gestured towards the completed design on the forest floor.

Claire did as instructed, stepping into the centre of the drawn pattern.

Kai took a few paces back, then walked purposefully towards the symbol.

He reached out a hand, touching the cool earth where the lines intersected at the centre. The moment his hand made contact, a surge of mana erupted from the symbol, a wave of power that washed over them both and the air that surrounded them.

Claire gasped, the sensation both exhilarating and slightly terrifying. But before she could dwell on it, Kai spoke, his voice dropping to a low murmur.

"This might sting a little," he warned, producing a small, glinting needle from his pouch. "But I need a single drop of your blood on the symbol."

Claire's eyes widened in surprise.

Too many surprises for a morning, but what could Kai do— he needed her for the ritual. He shook his head inwardly at his own thought process and focused on the task at hand.

"Let me demonstrate," he said, pricking his own finger with a swift motion.

A bead of crimson welled up, and he guided it down to the centre of the ritual symbol, where it merged with the dim light that came from the pattern. The luminescence pulsed briefly, then settled back to its previous intensity.

Taking a deep breath, Claire held out her hand.

Kai gently gave her the needle as she took a deep breath.

She squeezed her finger, letting a single drop of blood fall onto the symbol. Like his offering, it was absorbed by the light.

The clearing remained stubbornly silent. The ritual circle continued to glow, fueled by Kai's mana, but nothing else seemed to happen. He looked at Claire who tilted her head.

"What exactly is this ritual supposed to do, Lord Arzan?" she finally asked, her voice laced with a hint of apprehension.

"Since the spider attack," he began, his voice low. "There's been… concerns about a potential threat to the city."

Claire's eyes widened. "A threat? You never mentioned this."

"No one other than a few people knows. There's a chance, a possibility, that a beast wave might be coming."

He explained the unusual behaviour reported by the hunters and the unnatural calm after the dungeon opening. All signs pointed towards a brewing storm, a monstrous tide threatening to engulf the city.

"You see, I need more information," he continued, his gaze meeting hers. "Information only someone who had lived in the forest from birth might have."

Claire's brow furrowed. "What do you mean?"

Kai's gaze held hers. He could visibly see how she scrunched her forehead while her lips trembled, thinking of ways to connect the dots between the threat, the ritual and his words. "This ritual," he said, "is meant to call upon the spirit of the forest."

Claire gasped at the information, her eyes shifting from his to look at the surroundings.

A forest spirit should be here at any moment if the ritual he did was right. And Kai, with all the information he had, knew this ritual must work one way or another.

They simply have to wait.

A few minutes passed by as they did so, simply waiting for something to happen. Claire kept looking towards the forest as if she was waiting for someone to emerge from the trees.

Finally, as he wondered if there was even a spirit in the forest, there was a shift.

The air shimmered, distorting the world around them. A low hum vibrated through the earth, resonating deep in Kai’s bones. It was as if the world had stopped for a second as a being revealed itself.

"It's here," Kai murmured, his eyes fixed on the distortion before them.

The air suddenly solidified, coalescing into a being of pure emerald light.

It lacked any defined features yet radiated a force of raw mana. It pulsed with a life force and if Kai was right, the mana he felt meant that it was an old spirit that had formed at least a century or two back.

As he squinted his eyes at it, he barely saw a humane figure.

It drifted closer, the air crackling as it passed. For a while, it kept observing the both of them, as if in the middle of making a decision.

Finally, it hovered towards Claire, its formless light seeming to focus on the mana orb she still clutched tightly in her hand.

Kai leaned in, his voice barely a whisper. "Give it your mana," he instructed, his eyes locked on the green entity. "And ask questions. About the beasts, their movements… is there indeed a beast wave coming? Think of it in your mind"

Claire nodded, still trembling slightly.

Claire’s eyes closed, her mind probably raising the questions they needed answers to. He waited patiently, letting her carry on with his commands.

The forest spirit pulsed in response, then moved closer, engulfing the mana orb in its luminous form. A few minutes passed by, and the green light continued to pulse after every thirty seconds or so— probably every time Claire questioned it.

Finally, it took a step back, giving one last look to Claire before retreating into the forest and disappearing.

As soon as the spirit was gone, Claire slumped down onto the soft earth, drained from the experience. Kai rushed to her side.

"Are you alright?" he asked, gently offering her a hand.

Claire took a shuddering breath. "I… I think so," she stammered. "That was… incredible. I never expected to… talk to someone in my mind."

Kai gave her a weak smile, offering her his waterskin. "It's a lot to take in," he admitted, taking a seat beside her. "The forest spirits are powerful beings, guardians of their domain. Not all are readily accessible, especially to those who don't possess… certain qualities. The one you talked to wasn't young, so it's normal to feel like you have lost all your strength."

He watched her take a sip of water, a flicker of understanding crossing her face as he talked more. "The ritual is designed to be a call, an offering of goodwill. Sometimes, the spirits are particular about who they commune with. It differs from each of them. Forest ones tend to like females more and earth spirits are much easier to talk to if one is a male. Though, it's not absolute and there have been enough exceptions."

Claire's eyes widened in realization. "That's why you brought me," she gasped. "You weren't just showing me a nice place for a walk."

Kai nodded. “I have no idea about the spirit of the Vasper Forest and as I couldn't take a chance, I brought you here." He offered her a wry smile. "So I enlisted your help. By the way, what did it say?"

Claire seemed like she was hesitating before she spoke.

"The spirit confirmed what you told me," she said, her voice low. "The creatures are indeed gathering, uniting under the leadership of the arachne brood mother, Vermorga. Apparently, the other species agreed to aid it since the spiders threatened to attack and kill them. It said the spider is the strongest and most of the species in the forest have rarely liked humans.”

He rubbed a hand over his face, the weight of the revelation pressing down on him. “That complicates things.”

He frowned. He knew there was a good chance of a beast wave before, but this basically confirmed it. No matter how much he thought, the current him could never go against a beast wave.

Maybe he would be able to deal with dozens of those spiders at once, but just the brood mother was enough to topple over any chances they had. Not to mention the other species the forest spirit had talked about.

Maybe, only the kingdom's army would be able to deal with it.

“Lord Arzan, are you okay?” Claire looked at him, her eyes looking concerned.

“I'm fine,” he replied, his mind coming back from his thoughts. “Did the forest spirit tell you about every species that has agreed to take part in the beast wave?”

“Yes.”

“Then we prepare,” he said, more to himself than her.

***

Despite the grim confirmation of the looming beast wave, he hadn't given up entirely. He wanted to prepare for it and see what choices they had to defend against it.

Before calling a meeting to talk about the beast wave, he had other matters to deal with.

He hadn't forgotten about the Archine Tower and the two Mages, Jacks and Klan, who had been cooped up in their quarters, pestering the servants with inquiries about his whereabouts. After days of refusing their requests, Kai decided it was time to hear them out.

As he entered the room, he found them pacing around in a nervous demeanour. When they saw him, they straightened up, as if they hadn't forgotten how easily he had subdued them.

"Lord Arzan," Jacks greeted him. “You are finally here!”

“We have been meaning to talk to you,” Klan said, not bothering with greetings. “Our reports are due at the Archine Tower in two months. If we don't leave, they are going to think something unfortunate happened…” Klan trailed off, his eyes darting nervously as he saw Kai's gaze hardening. “Uh– if we don't return, they will send more Mages until you show yourself in the Tower. Please come with us! We are missing our theory classes and if we stay here for long, we are going to fall back on our curriculum.”

Both the Mages seemed different when he had first met them. If they had seemed like haughty nobles before, now they acted like school students who were requesting him to come to the dean's office with them.

He gave them a look before taking a seat.

"Like before," he began, his voice steady, "I will decide when it suits me to travel to the Archine Tower. However, I will make it quicker for you if you address a few of my questions first."

"Questions, my Lord?" Jacks stammered.

"Indeed," Kai said, his gaze flickering between them. "Let's start with a simple one. How would you two rate your magical prowess compared to the other mages at the Archine Tower?"



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 5k! Close to 6000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





64. Magus Veridia


A note from Extra26





Celestial Model [A Progression Fantasy]



The Celestial Model, a powerful woman who once commanded the world's fate, lies dead, leaving only her corpse and its immense power behind.

Now, the powerful and those ignorant of it vie for control of the sacred relic as the world grapples with the aftermath of her passing, wondering what to do with what remains.

Kist, however, is too caught up in his own mind to pay the world much attention, too busy chasing his own ambitions: finding a way to be a player in the game he's loved for so long.

Unfortunately, this game just so happens to challenge the very stars that the Celestial Model locked away.

To become a serious Player on the board, he knows what he has to do: change the rules of the game.

But, when labeled as a failure by even his family, what was he to do? For Kist, the answer becomes simple when he is met with Nue, another ambition-drunk youth with a plan flawed by design. One sure to draw attention, in fact, much more attention than either of them could have expected.



* * *



What To Expect:

[+] Weak to strong

[+] Unique Astrology/Comic Based Magics

[+] Fast pact action & pacing

[+]Detailed High Quality Fights

[+] Fun and interesting Mc(s), Side Characters, and Villians



* * *



ON HIATUS





Unlike Kai's expectations, the two Mages didn't obfuscate or puff out their chests. Instead, they met his gaze with a strange mix of pride and shame in their words.

"We are apprentice Mages, Lord Arzan," Klan admitted, his eyes running towards the floor and back at Kai. "We are not under the tutelage of a master yet and mostly have been taught everything in the general magical theory classes."

Jacks grunted in agreement, his burly frame seeming to shrink under Kai's scrutiny. "We wouldn't call ourselves weak," he offered a touch defensively. “Since our strength within the tower lies at the lower middle range among the apprentices."

“Though, it should change since we are hoping to get a master soon and would get strong enough to become adepts in a few years,” Klan added to Jacks’ explanation.

A low-mid range apprentice. The words hung in the air, heavy with implication. If what he knew of the structure of Mage rankings stood there, it would mean both of them were at the second rank of a Mage journey.

It wasn't anything special since most Mages could be apprentices with time, effort and resources, but they were oddly weak even for an apprentice.

They said they weren't the worst out of the lot, so Kai wondered whether the training they had been given was simply shoddy or it had something to do with them not having a master yet.

"Apprentices, you say," he said, his voice betraying none of his disappointment. "Then perhaps you could elaborate on the structure of the Archine Tower. How many Mages reside within its walls? How are they further divided?"

Klan stepped forward, his shoulders squaring slightly. "Hundreds, Lord Arzan," he began, a flicker of pride returning to his voice. "Hundreds of Mages, most falling within the ranks of apprentice and novice."

Kai leaned forward, his eyes narrowed. "And what of the more experienced Mages?"

Jacks took over the explanation. “Do you mean adepts?" he rumbled and continued once Kai nodded. "There are a scant three dozen adepts within the tower. Mage Actra was one of them. They are the backbone of the Archine Tower's research and training. Most of them are going in and out of the tower, since after reaching the adept stage, their training becomes more specialized. A lot of them teach our classes, but I know a dozen who are mostly busy with the kingdom's work or different expeditions. Some are also sent to nobles as temporary retainers as part of an agreement of the tower and the kingdom.”

Kai knew Jacks was hinting at Actra from the last line, but he ignored it. Three dozen adepts were around the number he had expected and although he would have liked it if there were fewer of them, there was nothing he could do.

"And beyond that?" Kai pressed. “Does the tower store any savants and Mages beyond that rank? Who exactly runs it?"

Klan and Jacks exchanged a glance, a silent communication passing between them. Then, they both nodded and explained.

"On the very pinnacle," Klan said, "stands the council. There are eight members and each of them is an exceptional Mage in their own right, renowned across the land. They are the ones who guide the tower's direction and are the strongest Mages in the kingdom."

Kai's eyes flashed, a spark igniting within him. "How many of them are savants?" he pressed his voice firm. “I'm pretty sure the council will have a few of them."

Klan puffed out his chest, a hint of pride colouring his cheeks. "Three, Lord Arzan!" he declared. "Three esteemed savants, each wielding the power of a fourth circle Mage!"

Savants won't be easy to deal with.

Kai sighed inwardly. Having three savants meant that the tower had considerable strength and he wouldn't be able to deal with them at his current stage.

Though, he needed more information before forming a plan.

"And what of the Tower Master?" Kai continued, his gaze unwavering. "The one who leads this council?"

Jacks cleared his throat, stepping forward. "The Tower Master," he began, his voice dropping to a reverent whisper, "is Magus Veridia. One of the few Magus in the world, a 5th Circle mage. I'm pretty sure you must have heard of her."

A fifth circle Mage. Kai barely hid his frown as he heard it.

He forced himself to focus, pushing aside his growing unease. "And this Magus Veridia," he said, barely managing to keep his frown at bay. “What do you know of her? Is she in the tower a lot?"

Klan and Jacks exchanged a hesitant look. “She is there, but we see her rarely," Klan admitted. "Magus Veridia is… deeply involved in her research. Most of her time is spent within her private quarters."

Kai nodded. If that was the case, then he doubted he was going to cross paths with her anytime soon.

When he had regressed to this era, he had guessed that magi would be around since the mana density was so high. It had been the rank he held when he had regressed and back then, he was the only magus in the world left.

His master had been the last one before him and he had only heard of a few others in records deep in the library. So, hearing that a few magi were around the world really set in the fact that he would have to deal with completely different things from now on.

At the same time, it gave him a lot of curiosity to check out the tower for himself.

"And what about training?" he demanded in a sharp voice and moved on with his questions. "The combat abilities you displayed during your first day here… lacked any sharpness and finesse, to say the least."

Both Klan and Jacks bristled at his words, their faces flushing a deep red. "But… but we are not trained for battle, Lord Arzan!" Klan sputtered. "Our focus is on spell theory and—"

“You both are second-circle Mages and not trained for battle?" Kai interrupted, his disbelief colouring his tone. "How is that even possible?"

"Obviously," Klan sputtered, his voice laced with indignation. "We can't partake in battle training yet! We're still apprentice Mages, focused on getting our foundation—"

Kai cut him off with a raised hand, a frustrated sigh escaping his lips. He understood that the Mage ranks were the same in this era and the novices and apprentices focused more on theory classes and research. But second circle Mages, wielding a significant amount of raw power, and yet completely untrained in combat? It defied logic. There was something fundamentally wrong with the Archine Tower's approach.

He opened his mouth to speak, a scathing retort forming on his tongue, but then stopped himself. Dwelling on their shortcomings wouldn't solve anything. A gnawing suspicion was on the back of his mind, but he ignored it.

"So," he said, his voice regaining its composure. “Is Magus Veridia the one we'll be meeting at the tower?"

Klan and Jacks exchanged another hesitant glance, a flicker of worry clouding their eyes. "We don't think so," Jacks finally admitted. "The summons compel your presence, but whether the Magus herself will be present, it's uncertain and highly unlikely. Likely, a member of the council will be there to investigate and, well… interrogate."

Kai nodded, a grim understanding settling over him. Interrogation. It seemed his initial assumptions about their visit weren't entirely off the mark.

"I see," he muttered, his mind racing with possibilities. As if sensing his thoughts, Klan spoke up, a hint of curiosity lacing his tone.

"Now that you've awakened your magic, Lord Arzan," he began. "You'll understand the weight Mages hold. You’ll get to know everything about being in power. The Archine Tower is an official institution of the kingdom, and by law, all Mages must eventually make their pilgrimage to the tower."

"A pilgrimage?" Kai raised an eyebrow. "That's what you call it?"

Jacks cleared his throat. “In a way, yes,” he rumbled. “You have been summoned for interrogation, but at the same time, the tower would probably assess you and register you no matter the outcome of the investigation. Though it's rather… strange you haven't been summoned sooner. Traditionally, Mages are assessed quite early in their development when they awaken."

Klan shot Jacks a warning glance, but it was too late.

Kai shook his head, pushing the revelation aside for now. He couldn't care less whether the tower wanted to register him as a Mage or a criminal. He had enough questions swirling in his mind.

"Enough inquiries for now," he declared, his voice firm.

“Are we going to leave for the tower then?”

“Not yet,” he said and the Mage's face fell. Before they could say anything, he added. “Rest assured, my trip to the tower will happen soon. I simply have a few things to take care of in my territory and then, we can leave for the tower. Give me a few days.”

Klan and Jacks looked at each other, a hint of relief washing over their features.

“We would wait till then.”

***

Kai sat at the head of the table. Around him, Killian and Francis sat among a few other people. One of them was Phillips, the gruff hunter who sat rigidly in his chair, his usual gruff demeanour replaced by a haunted silence.

Two others were Feroy and Nelson who had taken time out to participate in the meeting.

"The situation is dire," Kai began, his voice heavy with the weight of the news. "The hunters and Francis probably already told you about it. I, myself, have confirmed it too. A beast wave is indeed coming, and it will reach the estate in three months."

Three months. The word hung in the air like a death knell. Killian was the first to break the silence.

"Three months," he repeated, his voice hoarse. "That's… that's not enough time."

Phillips grunted in agreement. "Tracks don't lie," he rumbled. "These things take time to mobilize. Three months is a fair estimate. We're seeing the early signs and as time goes on, there will be more attacks on the villages and the city before the wave truly arrives."

Francis offered a tentative nod. "From the records we've studied," he chimed in. “Most beast waves take three to four months to fully gather and attack. Three months is a safe bet."

Kai placed a document on the table, his eyes roaming around the room and coming back to the document. "Safe or not, that's the time we have. And here's what we know," he continued, pushing the document towards them. "Based on what I gathered with a spell of mine, these are the species confirmed to be participating in the wave."

A hush fell over the room as everyone leaned forward, their faces paling as they scanned the document. Kai watched their reactions, feeling their heart sinking with each passing second. Listed here, in stark black and white, were the names of creatures that sent shivers down even the most seasoned warrior's spine.

“Goblins, trolls, arsonic bears,” Killian muttered, his voice trembling at the last part. “The first two have a sizeable population around and arsonic bears are extremely tough to handle and could conjure up flames around their paws.”

“There are also stalker hawks," Francis added, his voice devoid of its usual cheer. "Those monstrous birds are few in numbers, but we are hardly equipped to deal with them."

Kai had already gone through the list and most of the species listed ranged from Grade 1 to Grade 3. There were also those who were leaders of a monster tribe like the goblin lord he had fought before.

With everything, he knew they were going to have a hard time with each of them.

Feroy shook his head, slammed his fist on the table but quickly regained his posture. "Even with every Enforcer and guard we have at our disposal," he said. "We can't hold back a wave of creatures like these! There's no way we can survive!"

Kai steepled his fingers, his gaze meeting each of their eyes in turn. "That's why I called this meeting," he said, his voice steady despite the rising panic in the room. "If there's no chance of survival, we make one. There's no other choice."



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 5k! Close to 6000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





65. Preparations


A note from Extra26





Ruinous Return [Empire Builder Isekai]





* * *



The price for saving the world is the right to rule it.

After saving a faraway world, Lyn Rivers was cast back to Earth. Wanting the admiration, prestige, and glory of saving that world, she forced her way back.

But she was forgotten, and someone else claimed credit for her deeds.

Now, with the power of a deity of destruction, she desires nothing more than to claim her place in history. To do that she will conquer dungeons, make alliances, destroy kingdoms, and build an empire.

After all, why ruin the world when you can bend it to your will?



* * *





After Kai's words left his lips, he glanced around the table where maps of the city and surrounding lands were spread, littered with markers and curious looks.

A moment of silence passed, and another. He briefly expected one of them to talk, but it seemed like they were waiting for him.

Taking the charge, he began, looking at Killian. "Alright, let's start with the guards. Killian, could you give us a headcount? How many men do we have at our disposal?"

Killian’s hand came to his face as he briefly thought about the question. "We have a solid force, Lord Arzan," he replied. "Around two hundred guards including the five Enforcers, men trained to defend the city walls. I have been constantly getting more and more guards into our ranks after the larvae extermination and we have doubled our forces in the last few months."

Kai nodded slowly. "Around two hundred as an estimate. Even if we double that number through training civilians, it still seems… insufficient." He gestured towards the map, his finger tracing the path of the incoming beast wave. "The sheer number of creatures involved makes me believe that we severely lack numbers. From the report I showed you, hundreds of spiders would be attacking us and with different species involved, two hundred men would never make it."

"Exactly Lord Arzan," Francis said, agreeing with Kai. "It would take around three men just to deal with one spider.”

A sombre silence fell on the room once again as Kai's mind ran a mile searching for solutions. Though, he had no idea how to go with it.

The only connections he had in the world were in the city currently and he had no one to request help from. Maybe they could try for mercenaries like the last time, but that would severely put them in debt and mobilising so many mercenaries seemed beyond their current capabilities.

As he thought more and more, something clicked in his mind.

“Francis, there have been cases of beast waves before in the Lancephil Kingdom right?”

“Yes, my lord.”

“What happened in those? Did the king intervene?”

Unlike what he had expected, Francis' eyes dimmed further at his question. “The king intervenes normally. But, not directly, Lord Arzan. Typically, in cases of beast waves, the closest Duke or Marquis household takes charge of the defence. They have larger armies, more resources, so it's a norm for them to defend against them and show how strong they are."

Killian let out a snort, a harsh sound that echoed in the room. “I have heard of a few beast waves, mostly stories but also some real accounts. Most nobles would flee the city alongside the civilians. Though, it's not out of the ordinary for a few of them to leave the civilians behind to hold back the beasts for a while till they could get to safety.”

Feroy nodded. “Yes, I travelled a bit as a merchant's guard a few years back and it's not always that nobles would get the hint of a beast wave early on. Some of them strike them out of nowhere.”

Francis coughed to bring back attention to him and continued his explanation, “That's the traditional course, Lord Arzan. The kingdom, of course, intervenes in haste if the situation becomes truly dire. They send more Mages, even a contingent of the Royal Army. In rare cases, we've even heard of savants leading the charge."

The thought of Archine Tower helping him out with the beast wave was funny to him since they seemed to be out for him, but if he could really get help from them, he didn't mind being a little nicer during their inevitable meeting.

For now, it seemed like he might very well be able to let the Duke handle the situation.

“Very well, we should send the plea and prepare to evacuate the citizens to the Duke's territory,” he said and noticed Francis' eyes losing more colour.

“Yes, Lord Arzan. I already sent an official letter of plea to Duke Lucian, your brother attached with a report of everything we have found and our civilian numbers.”

Kai’s eyes raised and he internally grimaced.

“So, his response?”

Francis's shoulders slumped, a defeated sigh escaping his lips. "The messenger returned just this morning, Lord Arzan. Apparently, Duke Lucian… well, he suggested we 'deal with it ourselves' or 'petition the kingdom directly for assistance.' He claimed a need to gather more information and 'assess the severity' of the beast wave before committing any reinforcements."

Kai felt a cold anger simmering within him.

Arzan’s own brother, the newly appointed Duke of the region, turned a blind eye to the impending disaster. Didn't Lucian understand that if the beast wave ravaged Veralt, it wouldn't stop there? It would continue its rampage, engulfing their lands eventually.

Killian’s frame tensed with frustration voiced the question that hung unspoken in the air. "Why will Lord Arzan's broth— I’m sorry, the Duke shirk his responsibility? Surely he understands the consequences of a full-blown beast wave? His territory would be on the line too."

Francis, his gaze downcast, offered a bitter chuckle. "Perhaps he sees Veralt as a buffer, Killian. A way to gauge the true strength of the beast wave before committing his own forces. Or maybe," he added, his voice taking on a cynical edge. "He's banking on the kingdom stepping in and saving the day, leaving him unscathed. In other words, waiting for Veralt to be destroyed."

Kai couldn't help but frown. From the journals he found, it was evident that Lucian wasn’t very fond of his powerless brother, but again, Arzan seemed invisible to Lucian at different points during his writings. It all seemed like Arzan’s family wanted him to be gone for good.

He didn't know the reason for the growing hatred, especially when he was already out of the race for succession. That was over and for someone like Lucian, Arzan would be nothing, but a small noble now.

Regardless, the ignorance and the response to the request was unnecessary. There were too many lives at stake for him to hold some petty grudge against him.

Kai sighed. Lucian refused to aid, so now that option is out of consideration. I doubt we can rely on him from the response we got.

Thinking it through, he realised that he was again back on the starting line with no allies and not enough strength to deal with the beast wave himself.

If that was the case, then it was better to focus on what he had.

“We can't rely on Duke Lucian's supposed ‘generosity’ here,” he said, his voice stern. “We wash our hands and prepare to our best. Focus on what we can control. Phillips, gather every hunter in the territory. We need their keen eyes and knowledge of the wilds. Take a few guards and turn them into our scouting party. I need every bit of information you can gather."

Phillips nodded curtly. He seemed like the oddest person in the room, but as Kai looked at him, he flinched and agreed. Even if he didn't work for Kai, he understood that a beast wave meant the end for them.

So, with no option, he could only do his way alongside the other hunters.

"Francis," Kai nodded back and continued. "Spread the word to all village heads. The beast wave is coming, and they need to prepare their people for evacuation. We'll need temporary shelters within Veralt's walls."

Francis's eyes widened. "Shelters, Lord Arzan? That would require a significant amount of resources and—."

Kai cut him off. "We'll make it work. Get the people mobilized, and have them start constructing basic shelters. If it comes down to it, citizens can share their homes. If it becomes worse, we’ll extend the shelters of the castle. It will be a temporary hardship, but one we must endure."

A silence took over their discussion hearing the last part of his sentence. Kai felt more than one odd look towards him.

“Do you have any objections?” He asked and everyone quickly shook his head.

“No, Lord Arzan!”

Nodding, he continued. "And Killian, we need more guards. Double our current force. We'll train every able-bodied citizen who's willing to fight."

Feroy looked in between Kai and Killian for a few seconds and broke the silence he carried for quite some time during the discussion. “Are we truly considering such a fight, Lord Arzan? Shouldn't we… just evacuate everyone?"

Killian let out a frustrated growl. "Feroy, have you lost your mind? We can't just abandon the city! The walls, the supplies… everything we've built would be lost!"

Before Feroy could respond, Kai raised a hand, silencing them both. "Feroy, I won't ask civilians to fight. My priority is their safety. We'll work on a detailed evacuation plan. But as Lord of Veralt, I cannot simply walk away. This city is my responsibility, and I will defend it to my last breath."

Even if he hadn't been the original lord, he had gotten a connection to the place and was finally looking forward to changing it for the better. However, his love and responsibility for the city weren't the only reason behind his decision.

"Even if we evacuate as many civilians as possible if Veralt falls, the entire region falls. Lucian controls everything around us, directly or indirectly. Running wouldn't guarantee safety with him in charge since he clearly is unwilling to help. Fighting is my only choice here."

He paused, rethinking his own choice of words. The lot present seemed to be thinking something in their own minds, including Francis, whose eyes were looking at him in admiration for a few seconds before plastering on the map.

Deciding to make sure no one would doubt his decision, he insinuated it again.

“I know it's risky, but it's the only way," he said. "We train, we strategize, and we fight like cornered wolves. And let me assure you," he added, turning towards Feroy with a smile, "I don't enter fights I believe I can't win."

Feroy met his gaze, his eyes hardened and lips thinned, replacing the earlier doubt that was on his face. “Yes, my Lord," he said. “I wouldn't doubt you for a second."

The meeting continued without any obstacles after that.

Different questions were brought up, solutions were given and discussions were made. They strategized, they planned, and they poured over maps. It was impossible to figure out everything at once since there were so many variables present.

Still, they did their best until a bigger hurdle emerged— the city walls.

Francis, his brows furrowed, voiced the problem. "Lord Arzan," he began, his voice laced with trepidation. "Even with the most valiant defence, our walls are our biggest weakness. They're sturdy, yes, but not built to withstand a full-blown beast wave. I have no doubt they are going to crumble at the first sight of the attack. What are we going to do about them?"

***

A biting wind whipped at Kai's face as he stood atop the ramparts of Veralt, his gaze fixed on the distant horizon.

Below him, the clang of hammers echoed. Workers scurried along the partially rebuilt wall and gate, sweat covering their clothes and faces focused on the tasks at hand.

After the Arachne spider attack, the reconstruction began the very next day since they couldn't afford to leave it any longer. It was slow, but work was progressing well enough.

Killian, looking in the same direction as Kai, stood beside him and brought his attention back from the horizon.

"They're working tirelessly, Lord Arzan," Killian said, his voice barely audible over the wind. "The new gate will be complete by the next full moon, if not sooner."

Kai nodded, his eyes scanning the rolling hills that stretched towards the dark expanse of the forest.

"In two months," he said, his voice heavy with an unspoken weight. “Those hills, those very roads… they'll be teeming with them, won't they?"

Killian let out a heavy sigh. "Yes, my Lord. It will be a veritable tide of fangs and claws."

A desolate silence settled between them, the wind whistling a mournful tune. Kai felt the familiar tug of despair, but he quickly shoved it down. There was no point in thinking about the negatives.

An old lesson from his master emerged in his mind and he did what he had always done. Think about the problem, accept that it was hard and let the worry pass from his mind to think about the solution.

As he took a breath while letting the fear pass, he felt much better.

"Even with these walls," he said, his voice hardening. "Even with reinforcements, we are still vulnerable. These beasts can break through stone like it's butter."

Killian offered a tentative smile. "True, Lord Arzan, but we have the advantage of surprise. We'll be ready for them. We'll fight with everything we have, and we'll… we'll win."

Kai allowed himself a flicker of a smile, a ghost of amusement dancing in his eyes.

“These walls can be broken easily, Killian, you still believe that? That we can win?”

For a moment, Kai could see something flicker in Killian’s eyes, but he quickly masked it to the neutral, stern look on his face.

“I do believe that, Lord Arzan.”

Kai let his words linger for a brief moment before giving a nod and turning towards the mason.

“Let's hope your words stand.”



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 5k! Close to 6000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





66. Warding


A note from Extra26





* * *



The Paladins summoned Silenos because they wanted the world saved, what he’s decided it needs is ruling.

After a deal with a demon goes wrong, Master Silenos, esteemed Fleshcrafter of House Shaiagrazni, keeper of the Auburn Flame, Conductor of Arts most Ancient and Lord of Hara’lguanta is cast into a primitive world of magic and steel.

There are two problems that loom over him.

One, a sorry excuse for an ancient evil Dark Caster who seeks to pillage and destroy all that this world holds dear.

Secondly, a populace that fails to recognise Silenos as their superior in every conceivable way.

Silenos will fix both of these issues by becoming The New Dark Lord.



* * *





The New Dark Lord

by Of Ranting and Ramblings





* * *



Fiction Page <---> Start Reading





“Barret, was it?” he questioned the mason who looked up at him before bowing low. He was a short, bulky man with a moustache that suited his face.

Kai had called for him when he had come to inspect the repairs.

“Yes, your lordship. That's my name,” the man said with a rough voice. If the stones he was wrestling into submission had a voice, Kai was sure it was this man’s voice.

“The progress, Barret… How is it going?” Kai questioned as he looked at his calloused palms that rubbed together. He seemed nervous by shifting from one foot to another, but by this point, he didn't know many people who wouldn't be anxious in his presence when meeting him for the first time.

"Progress on the gate and wall is good. We'll have it secured and operational before the next full moon, Lord Arzan, even sooner if the weather holds,” he said, his voice rising in confidence by the end of his sentence.

Kai nodded, his gaze sweeping over the scene below.

Workers hammered at stubborn stones, their clanging forming a counterpoint to the shouts of foremen and the creaking of carts laden with building materials. It was quite the sight of frantic construction for what was broken during the spider attack. But Kai's eyes focused beyond the immediate hustle, his gaze drawn towards the distant hills fringing the forest.

"Good," he said, his voice betraying none of the disquiet that gnawed at him. "And how do you feel the walls are holding up, Barret? Sturdy enough to withstand the elements and… other challenges?"

A bead of sweat trickled down Barret's temple despite the morning air. He straightened, puffing out his chest in an attempt to project confidence. "Sturdy, aye, Lord Arzan. We used the finest granite, reinforcing the foundation… they'll stand strong for years to come."

Kai's lips curved into a faint smile. "Years, you say? Excellent. Then tell me, Barret, could your walls handle… a few hundred monstrous monsters like those spiders all at once?"

Barret's face drained of colour, the facade melting away to reveal a flicker of raw fear in his eyes. He swallowed hard, "A few… hundred… Lord Arzan, that's… that's an impossible number! We wouldn't… the walls wouldn't hold against even half of that!"

Kai tilted his head. "No, I figured not. That's why I wanted to have this conversation."

Confusion clouded the mason's features. But before he could voice his inquiry, Kai continued, his voice dropping to an urgent tone. "In three months, a beast wave unlike any we've seen before is going to crash down on our doorstep. Hundreds, maybe thousands of ravenous creatures will descend upon the estate. We need to be ready, Barret."

Barret's eyes widened as he spoke of a big revelation, taking in the urgency in Kai’s voice.

"A b-beast wave, my lord?" Barret stammered, his voice barely a whisper.

Kai nodded. “Yes, that's why, we need to focus on the walls. Can you reinforce them enough to withstand such an attack? Reinforce them beyond their original design, so at least it could withstand the assault."

The mason stood rooted to the spot. Kai knew it was a daunting task, a near-impossible feat to accomplish in the meagre time they had. But they had to do something.

According to Francis, the walls wouldn't even stay still with a few dozen of the spiders and would start to crack. He did not doubt it since he had seen three spiders easily getting past them.

Barret chewed his lip, a deep frown crawling itself onto his forehead as Kai waited for an answer.

"No," he finally admitted, his voice heavy with regret. "It's too much of a change… too short a notice. We can't… we can't rebuild the entire wall in a few months." He paused for a moment and looked right into Kai’s eyes. "But… We can make it stronger. We can patch the cracks, and fill them with mortar and the sturdiest granite we can find. We can smooth out any weaknesses, make sure no part of the wall juts out and becomes a vulnerable point."

Kai thought about his words. Repairing the weak parts would be good, but it still wouldn't hold long enough against a beast wave. As he looked over the walls, an idea surfaced in his mind, recalling a painting he had seen in a book once.

It was one of a king who was defending the capital against the troops of a foreign king. The walls of the capitals were tall and sturdy, but they had extra protection against anyone who tried to scale the wall.

“Crenellations? How about that? Jagged sections along the top will make scaling the walls a nightmare for any beast foolish enough to try. We don't know how many of those could climb our walls, so that would protect us,” Kai said, looking back at the mason.

Barret nodded immediately. "Yes, Lord Arzan. I could work on them. Those would be simple enough to do if I have enough workers."

But Kai wasn't finished yet. "And what about raising the wall itself, Barret? Couldn't we add a few extra feet to its height?"

Barret's face fell. A frown creased his brow as he ran a calloused hand through his moustache. "Adding height, Lord Arzan? That's a monumental task. We're already stretched thin on time and manpower. Rebuilding the entire wall to a greater height… it's simply not feasible in three months."

Disappointment flickered in his eyes, but he quickly concealed it. "Not the entire wall, perhaps," he said after thinking about it. "But could we raise sections of it at strategically placed intervals? That would create a staggered defence, make it harder for the beasts to swarm over the wall in one go."

The mason's eyes narrowed in thought. "Sections, you say?” He asked, then touched his chin in thought. “Yes, that's a possibility. We could focus on the most vulnerable points, create a sort of uneven wall, a maze for the beasts to navigate."

A hint of a smile played on Kai's lips. This was progress. They were thinking outside the box, adapting their strategy to the limited time they had. Yet, even as a flicker of hope ignited within him, a nagging doubt persisted. Would these fortifications, impressive as they might be, be enough to withstand the fury of a full-blown beast wave?

He leaned closer to the rough stone of the wall, his fingers trailing along the cool surface. Was there something more they could do, some hidden potential he was overlooking? He cast a questioning glance at Barret, searching for any further suggestions.

The mason, however, shook his head, a grimace twisting his features. "There's only so much we can do with stone and mortar, Lord Arzan. We can reinforce, we can adapt, but ultimately, we can't change the whole foundation in a few months…" he trailed off, his voice heavy with unspoken worry.

Kai knew he was right. Yet, as he continued to stare at the imposing wall, a sudden thought struck him. He straightened up, his eyes gleaming.

A part of him didn't know if his idea was feasible, but he knew it was better than just letting the walls be.

"Barret," he said, "I have another request. Can you create gaps along the wall at specific intervals? Gaps large enough to fit a good-sized stone?"

Barret blinked, his brow furrowing in confusion. "Gaps, Lord Arzan? Why, that would just create weak points! It would look like a series of cracks in the wall."

Kai smiled. "Not weaknesses, Barret," he corrected. "Opportunities. Those gaps will power up the whole wall, giving them more fortifications. I plan to use enchantments into the walls to create a sort of magical barrier around them. And to fuel those enchantments…" he paused, and looked at Killian, "we'll need Atheum."

Killian immediately frowned. “The idea of enchantments is good, Lord Arzan. But wouldn't it be simpler to just use Syphon stones? They suck the mana right out of the air."

Kai chuckled but quickly masked it. Killian was being serious by his expression. "They syphon mana slower than a snail on sleeping pills, and they're not as stable. One wrong twitch and— boom! Instant fireworks display, minus the pretty lights."

Killian grimaced, surely the image of a self-detonating wall painting a vivid picture in his mind. "Fair enough," he said. "So, Atheum it is then? But would you be able to enchant them and connect them to the walls?"

Kai nodded. "They're not ideal. But they can be a conduit, a channel for the magic to flow. We can create a small cavity within the gaps I mentioned to Barret, and embed a mana stone within it. The enchantment itself will be on the walls and be a real challenge."

He rubbed his temples, the weight of responsibility pressing down on him. Defensive enchantments were a dime a dozen, but most were little more than a glorified armour that might protect half a blow more from a raging beast. He needed something more, something potent enough to join with the enchantments and make it so that they could work well with each other.

As he thought and thought, his mind moved back to his days in the Sorcerer's Tower and how his master had explained the spell wards that protected them from getting discovered by the mana fiends.

Other than those, there were also the defensive ones, reinforcing huge walls. In them, he would be able to make up a few of them that stretched long enough to cover walls.

Maybe he could connect those with the enchantments and then join them to the Atheum which would power both of them up.

The complications were numerous and he had never thought of using enchantments and wards together, but if he was able to pull it over, it could make sure the wall stayed intact for a bit longer.

The headache turned to an unavoidable throb as his mind wandered deep into the task at hand.

He was only brought back from his thoughts when Killian touched his shoulders.

“Lord Arzan!”

“Ah, yes?” He looked at him.

“I was asking a question and you seemed to have lost yourself in thoughts,” Killian said, giving him a worried stare.

“Oh, what was your question?”

“I wanted to know what is a firework. Is it some kind of a weapon?”

Kai blinked his eyes.

Ah fuck! They don't exist in this era.

***

The morning breeze ruffled Lucian's raven hair as he stood on the top floor of his castle, gazing out over his sprawling domain.

Below him, peasants toiled in the fields, their figures bent in silent labour. A satisfied smile pulled at his lips. This land, these people, all belonged to him— just like he had dreamt ever since he was a child.

Many had tried to take it away from him, and many had gotten close, but his obsession had managed to not let them get away with it. He had done everything he was asked to and had gone way beyond it just to prove that he was the one deserving to be the heir.

Now, he had no one to prove anything as everything was his. Only his.

Suddenly, his reverie was shattered by the arrival of his ever-present butler, Rubert. The man bowed in front of him, respectfully and with a hint of fear in his eyes when he looked up. "Your Grace," he announced in a monotone voice, "Lord Arzan's envoy departed two days ago, after reiterating their request for assistance."

Lucian's smile vanished, replaced by a scowl. "Assistance? Do you think Arzan even deserves the gall to be called a Lord?" He spat the title like a rotten grape.

Rubert remained silent, his training holding him back from voicing any opinion.

Lucian noticed it and laughed loudly, "Ah, Rubert," he said, clapping a hand on the butler's shoulder. "You know why I keep you around. It's your unwavering loyalty. Always a breath of fresh air in this snake pit of a world. Sadly, people like Arzan don’t possess that quality and aren't meant to achieve anything."

Lucian took a few paces away, his gaze returning to the distant fields. "It's strange, isn't it? I drive him away from my lands and he returns, begging for scraps from his brother. To his credit, I had expected Veralt to collapse by now. It seems like he had managed to delay it a bit. I did get a few interesting reports.” He paused. "Though that won't last much longer, with the beast wave looming like a storm cloud."

Rubert shifted nervously. "Your Grace," he ventured hesitantly. "Wouldn't it be… risky to let the wave reach Veralt? What if—"

Lucian cut him off with a sharp laugh. "What if it spills over onto my lands, you mean? Oh, Rubert, you and your worries. Fear not, the beast wave will be dealt with, decisively and with great fanfare after it crumbles Veralt into pieces. After all," he declared, his voice ringing out with a touch of theatricality. "Saving the day would let these peasants know who is in charge. It's always important to remind them of that." He said the last part of his sentence with a flourish.

Then, he turned back to the butler "Now, tell me, Rubert," he said, his voice dropping to a low, dangerous tone. "What do you think I despise most?"

Rubert, pale under his starched collar, stammered for a response. Lucian didn't wait for him to answer. With a swift backhand, he slapped the butler across the face. It resounded in the air, a few guards standing around flinching.

The old butler barely stopped himself from falling to the ground and promptly lowered his head.

"Concern for family, Rubert! That's my cardinal sin. Only I get to decide when and how I help my brother, if ever. And it will be on my terms, not his. When he comes begging, I will hear him out and see if he still had an eloquent tongue that he could beg well with."

He clapped Rubert on the shoulder once more and strode away, not caring a bit about the trembling butler.



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 5k! Close to 6000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





67. Instinctual technique


A note from Extra26





Path to Prosperity



Whatever may happen, every kind of fortune is to be overcome by bearing it.

Percy was just a poor, plain child in a small town, but everything changed when he gained access to mana. He manifests an [Ego], which allows him to consume his belongings to acquire new powers, evolve ordinary armaments into mighty Artifacts, and transform existing powers into something much mightier.

Percy’s life changed, but the looming dangers never ceased. They transformed.

The once-starving child, fighting tooth and nail to survive, found himself in a new world of challenges. He was thrust into a sea of royal politics, evil powers, a prophecy, and the seven hells, each one more daunting than the last.





Despite the city’s desperate straits that Kai had to manage and butt himself in— now and then, he hadn’t neglected his training.

The pale dawn mist clung to the training grounds, slowly disappearing under the first rays of the rising sun. The air was crisp but warming up gradually.

Usually, he would have been sparring with Killian or running laps around the ground, but there was a change in the routine today.

His spear was on the ground and his palm crackled with a tiny, swirling flame.

"Ready, Killian?" Kai's voice echoed across the training field. There was a hint of a challenging tone in his voice as he directly looked at Killian, who stood opposite him.

The knight’s eyebrows were knit together in deep focus. His lips formed a thin line as he awaited Kai’s attack.

It had been quite some time since Killian had awakened as an Enforcer and compared to others, he had done the best, slowly getting a hang of cultivating and learning how to enforce his body with mana.

His movements have gotten controlled and more precise than before and he even looked younger. A part of it had to do with the fact that the man rarely took breaks.

Whenever Kai would look for him, he would either be training, teaching, making rounds of the city or cultivating. Most of the time, it would be the last thing since according to him, it was an addiction that was improving his body.

Kai had let him be since it was one of the effects cultivation had on Enforcers. Unlike Mages, they could directly feel their bodies becoming stronger and faster day by day, gaining a sense of pleasure out of it.

He had never seen the man as a cultivation junkie, but he now looked every bit of it.

Today when they walked into the training ground, Killian had requested to do some movement training and Kai complied with it, wanting to know how fast he had gotten.

“Yes, Lord Arzan,” came Killian’s response.

Kai waited patiently, letting the heat in his palms and the anticipation build. All the while he shifted the flames back and forth between his two hands.

Killian’s eyes didn’t leave the fireball for even a second, not knowing when it would come his way.

Finally, after seconds had built into minutes, he caught Killian’s momentarily distracted gaze.

With a subtle motion of his wrist, Kai launched the fireball at him.

It arced through the air in a flaming trajectory, leaving a trail of scorched grass in its wake. Killian didn't flinch. Years of practised reflexes as a knight, honed further by training as an Enforcer, came into play. He took a single, measured step to the side, the fiery projectile passing harmlessly inches from his shoulder.

A gust of wind roared past him just as quickly. Kai, wasting no time, had followed up the fireball with a well-timed [Gust] spell. But Killian, anticipating this move, pivoted on his heel, the wind whipping past him like a disappointed breeze.

"Perhaps a bit more heat, Lord Arzan," Killian shrugged his shoulder with his hand. "And a touch more speed on those spells. We won't be facing campfire embers when the beast wave arrives."

Kai smirked.

The familiar routine eased the tension that had been building within him.

He channelled more mana, the fireball in his hand intensifying until it crackled with a fierce orange glow. This time, when he launched it, it was accompanied by a swirling vortex of wind, creating a miniature firestorm that hurtled towards Killian.

A flurry of activity replaced the single attacks.

Kai, his mind playing over and over Killian's challenge, wove a tapestry of fire and wind.

Bolts of fire rained down like meteors, each accompanied by a howling gust that threatened to knock Killian off his feet.

The knight dodged with a grace that belied his massive build. Spins, ducks, and last-second leaps became a blur as he navigated the onslaught.

"Impressive," Kai said with a grunt. Killian had certainly improved. "Your agility has improved by leaps. A few months back, I doubt you would have managed that."

Killian, panting slightly, grinned. It was at these rare moments in the practice grounds, high with adrenaline that Killian broke into a grin, sometimes full-blown laughter when he was challenged enough. His usual stoic mask disappeared at such times— the training ground seemed to be when he was mostly carefree and yet, serious in what he did.

As the training continued, Kai thought more and more about how Killian really suited being a battle junkie.

Kai let him take a breath and removed the spell structure from his palm. “How was that?”

"Still not enough, Lord Arzan. I feel like I can do more. I feel like pushing myself today!" Killian said and got to his feet from the crouched position.

When he stood up, bouncing from one foot to another, it was almost as if he hadn't dodged at least twenty attacks in a row. His energy was still palpable.

Fortunately for him, Kai had a lot of mana remaining and he doubted he needed it for the day. So with a shrug, Kai unleashed his final blow.

A dozen flaming arrows, conjured with a snap of his fingers, materialized in the air before streaking towards Killian like scorching asps.

The sheer volume of attacks was impossible to dodge conventionally. Killian, recognizing this, let out a grunt.

He dodged a few of them that came first, but with every second, more and more arrows rushed towards him, trapping him from moving.

Killian dived to the left, but the arrows chased him. He yelled, closing his eyes as one of the arrows stood inches away from hitting his forehead. It was just then something out of the ordinary happened.

Kai felt a rush of mana around him and in a blink, Killian vanished.

Caught off guard, he widened his eyes as the spot where Killian stood moments ago was now empty.

A beat later, a slightly singed Killian appeared beside him on the floor, a bewildered look on his face. His eyebrows were raised and his mouth gawked open like he couldn't believe what had just happened.

Huh?!

Kai took a few steps backwards.

"Whoa, what in the nine hells was that?" Killian exclaimed, brushing soot off his jerkin as he stood up immediately.

Kai stared at him, rethinking what just happened. The arrows vanished from the air as he looked around the ground before his eyes landed back on the bewildered knight.

If he was right, Killian had performed a sudden, almost teleportation-like manoeuvre.

"Did you… use a lightning technique?" Kai asked.

Killian frowned. "Lightning technique? What is that, Lord Arzan?”

Kai slapped his forehead, a mixture of amusement and exasperation washing over him.

He recalled the thick stack of notes he'd painstakingly compiled on Enforcer stages and abilities. "Killian," he said, patting the knight's shoulder gently, "Did you even read the notes I gave you?"

Killian sheepishly rubbed the back of his neck. "Well, I skimmed them…" he admitted.

Kai chuckled. "Right, then I hope you read through the important parts. As an Enforcer, you start learning techniques at the second stage. It is also the stage when you gain a deeper understanding of your elemental affinity. That little trick you just pulled? That seemed like [Lightning Step], a basic technique for Enforcers with an affinity for lightning."

Killian's jaw dropped. Kai could sense that the realisation was finally settling in. "[Lightning Step]?" he muttered, flexing his legs tentatively, looking down at them.

Before he could delve deeper into this ability he seemed to have discovered just now, Kai bombarded him with questions. "Have you been feeling… different lately, Killian? Any unusual sensations, or changes in your body?"

Killian frowned, looking like he was searching his memories. "There is this tingling feeling in my chest," he admitted. "A constant thrumming, almost like…" he paused, searching for the right words, "like a storm brewing inside me. It's been bothering me a bit, but it calms down when I'm training. That's why I even asked you to help me out with my movement training."

"A storm, huh?" Kai mused, stroking his chin thoughtfully. "And how do you feel about lightning? Any experiences that come to mind? From any battle or even your childhood?"

A flicker of memory sparked in Killian's eyes. "Rain," he said, a nostalgic smile gracing his lips. "I've always loved storms. There was one time when I was just a boy, I saw a bolt of lightning strike a tree right in front of me. It was terrifying, yes, but… also strangely beautiful. Never forget that image. It’d always come to my mind whenever I felt like I needed something to distract myself with."

A smile split Kai's face. "There you have it. That powerful memory, that connection you formed with lightning… must have subconsciously influenced your affinity. Lightning is a rare element, Killian, and a powerful one at that. It’ll do you well, I believe.”

Among the elements that Mages and Enforcers could use, few ones were far more offensive than others. Lightning was one of them and it was often an element Kai had liked.

For an Enforcer, not only it would give an extra edge in their attacks, but they would also be extremely fast.

The more he thought, the more the element seemed to suit Killian's fighting style.

As they continued their discussion, Kai gestured towards Killian's leg. "So, the vault you're currently cultivating… is it the ankle?"

Killian nodded. "Yes, Lord Arzan, that's the one."

"I see," Kai said. "The ankle vault focuses on agility and reflexes. Once you fully cultivate it, your [Lightning Step] will become like second nature, allowing you to react and manoeuvre with incredible speed."

Each vault corresponded to a different part of the body and developed in such a way that gave Enforcers a lot of freedom on how they wanted to cultivate them.

There was no set order— Enforcers were able to cultivate them according to their fighting style and desired build. It was all about optimization, maximizing the enforcer’s potential.

Kai had even heard of a few clans that would grow only a certain kind of build of Enforcers, letting them have an extremely strong band of warriors that would specialise in cultivating their vaults in a set order.

As he thought about Enforcer clans, a frown creased Killian's brow. "But how'd I do it, Lord Arzan? You yourself said you haven't given me any battle or defence techniques, only cultivation exercises."

Kai scratched his head as he thought back on the question. Since he had no idea about Enforcer techniques, he wasn't able to write them down. He had seen techniques in action, but he didn't know the principle behind them.

He only knew that Enforcers were able to use body techniques and synergize them with their elements. Most of these were passed down from every generation.

However, it wasn't as if there were no exceptions.

"Hmm, that's a good question. I believe it's innate. Enforcers are different from Mages. Mages are methodical, and all about intricate spells and formulas. You, on the other hand, are more like… instinctual warriors. Your techniques can manifest based on raw power and a deep understanding of your element."

"So, the thought of dodging your attacks, wanting to move like lightning itself… that triggered the spark?"

"Exactly." Kai snapped his fingers. "You focused on the feeling, the desire for speed, and your body responded. Now, the trick is to refine that instinct into a proper technique."

Killian paused a moment, probably thinking of what he had felt during the training and how he could work with it. "I can do that, Lord Arzan. I'll focus on that feeling, and develop a movement technique based on it. I would be able to get it with some practice hopefully."

Kai nodded, clapping Killian on the shoulder. "Practice you'll have, Killian. Just do as you said, focus on the feeling and develop a movement technique. It won’t be easy but since we will be on the move soon, you’ll get enough time to think about it.”

“On the move soon?” Killian immediately asked.

“We're leaving for the capital soon."

Killian looked at him with surprise in his eyes. "The capital, Lord Arzan? I thought you had no intention of going with the Archine Tower Mages?"

Kai smiled. “You thought I would ignore the summon letter of a group of Mages that are one of the most powerful and political forces in the kingdom. I don't think I would be able to stand against a Magus in my current stage. Those are entirely different beasts and could handle a dozen Actra on their own.”

“Forgive me, Lord Arzan. You’ve rarely listened to our suggestions in the past months. So, even this time, I thought you would be ignoring the summons.”

Kai winced internally. He wondered if he came across like that.

He quickly brushed the thought aside. “Actually," he said, his voice firm. “There's two reasons I want to go. Firstly, I need to get the Archine Tower off my back. I doubt they would take no for an answer, so I would meet their investigation and make sure they know what happened with Actra. We didn't send a report with any lies, so we should be good. Also, we need to inform the Kingdom of the Beast wave since we aren't getting any help in the region. I could do it while dealing with the investigation.”

“What's the second reason?” Killian asked.

“We need to get more resources for the beast wave.”

He raised an eyebrow. "Resources?"

"Indeed," Kai said, his voice taking on a more serious tone. "Malden will be getting a shipment of construction materials for the wall rebuilding. But manpower will be tight. Francis and I discussed hiring some skilled workers from the capital. Other than the construction work, I was going to look into a blacksmith and alchemist."

“Blacksmith?" Killian echoed. "But what about old man Jeb? He's been the castle blacksmith for years."

Kai sighed. "Jeb's a good man, Killian. But I've seen his work. He's excellent at repairs and basic weaponry. What I need is very different. Let's just say it requires a different skill set."

"And an alchemist?" Killian inquired, his brow furrowing further. “They are rare. I have only seen a few aside from you."

"Exactly, that's why we need to establish an alchemical workshop to attract more of them. Also, I need them before the beast wave hits. It'll give us a significant advantage in terms of potions and supplies."

Killian nodded in agreement, as his gaze drifted towards the distant horizon. "The Archine Tower is imposing, Lord Arzan. I don't know how that would go since Mages are mostly aloof, but from the way those two Mages acted, I don't think it would be a nice experience.”

Kai sighed and nodded. Even if the report they sent was true, some questions were going to be brought up as to how Kai had awakened and gotten so strong.

He would have to deal with those and he doubted the Mage culture liked reasonable conversations over needless aggression going by how the two apprentices have acted.

"Don't worry, Killian. We're not walking into this blind. I have a plan, and we'll deal with the Tower accordingly.”



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 5k! Close to 6000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





68. Heir?


A note from Extra26



If you want, you can check out a friend's story.

https://www.royalroad.com/fiction/89161/legend-of-the-spear-saint-litrpg-isekai-with-cards





Kai, wearing a simple cloak, stood shoulder-to-shoulder with Malden.

Around them, a steady stream of figures unloaded the contents of a large sturdy carriage.

A couple of guards, their hands heavy with crates filled with stones moved around the space with grunts and occasional growls when they picked the items up and carried them towards the warehouse.

With sweat beading on their brows, Malden's workers wrestled with long, cumbersome wooden beams.

“Lord Arzan, it feels like such a long time since I saw you.” Malden’s voice came loud amidst the noises of metal and manpower. “The whole city’s buzzing with the news of your victory against those monstrous spiders. I heard some… vivid descriptions of your powers! About how you handled them so well. I couldn't help, but stop to listen to a few workers on the wall share the story and how you rained down flaming arrows at them.”

His words flew from his mouth one after another, almost as if he had practised them before talking to him. Kai raised his hand, cutting him off shortly.

“Did you bring the herbs I requested in the letter?"

Malden, momentarily deflated, slapped his forehead with a dramatic sigh "Ah, the herbs! Yes, yes, they're all here, safely nestled in their own little crates. Though," he leaned in, "there was one I couldn't acquire."

Should have started with that, Malden.

A frown creased Kai's brow. Since he had decided to head towards the capital, he knew he had to prepare well in advance and that's why, he had ordered a few herbs from Malden to make a special potion. One that might help him out against the Archine Tower.

"Which one?" Kai asked, hoping it was not one of the main ingredients.

Malden cleared his throat and shrugged nonchalantly. "I think it's called Blursage.”

His frown deepened and by how crestfallen Malden looked, he realised that the herb was important for Kai.

It was the main herb he wanted due to its properties of clouding one's mind. He had no idea if it was rare in this era, but it had been in his time because many groups and cabal intelligence networks would make good use of it.

“Why didn’t you get it, though? Your reply mentioned that the herbs would be easy to find?” Kai questioned straightaway.

Malden wiped nonexistent sweat from his brow, his jovial expression replaced by a grimace. "Market's been dry, Lord Arzan. Blursage isn't exactly a popular request, and you know these types of herbs are taken by alchemists and nobles to wither away in their warehouses. I heard about the place where I could get them. But it’s too dangerous of a place to venture even if I hire our usual mercenaries.” He thought for a moment on his own words, frowning as he scrunched his nose up. “Large mercenary groups wouldn't even touch the job until I gave them a hefty sum, so it was outside what I could manage."

His words came out rather scared than anything. Kai wondered what the man was so scared about, but if it was really like that, then he did understand that he couldn't let Malden use a large sum for his personal request.

“Why is it so? Is it located in a monster nest or a wasteland?”

“No, Lord Arzan.” Malden shook his head. “Blursage apparently grows on a specific hilltop on the corner of Sylvian Enclave. It's close to the main road that heads towards the capital. The problem is a nasty bunch of bandits around here. It's a large pack, a militant force and with them there, it's nigh impossible for me to get it without getting caught by them.”

Kai's brow furrowed further. This was an unwelcome complication. Still, the alternative— arriving at the capital without the Blursage— was even worse. He doubted he was going to be as confident dealing with the tower without it.

"Bandits, you say? How many are we talking about?"

Malden winced. "Big group, Lord Arzan. Estimates range upwards of three hundred, and those are just the ones they've seen. Nasty bunch, ruthless and well-armed."

Malden repeated the word ‘nasty’ as if it was a moniker owned by them.

Kai tapped his chin thoughtfully. The detour was a nuisance, but the capital was directly on the other side of these bandits. They were an obstacle he'd have to deal with eventually since growing bandit groups were a nuisance especially when they were next to his territory in the Sylvan Enclave.

Besides, he had long since gotten over the threat of mere bandits, especially after reaching the third circle. Three hundred bandits, while a significant force, wasn't insurmountable.

"Alright, Malden," he said. "Since it's on the way to the capital, we'll take care of them. Consider it a… pre-emptive strike."

Malden's eyes widened in disbelief. "Deal with them, Lord Arzan? But they're…" He trailed off, seeing the steely resolve that was present in Kai’s eyes. Arguing wouldn't do any good. Kai was sure Malden knew better.

“You can either follow me, or I will go with necessary preparations to the capital. Your choice, Malden. Either way, I appreciate you finding the rest of the herbs,” Kai said and gave a small nod.

Malden immediately cleared his throat, trying to salvage the situation. "Well, that certainly changes things! In that case, we'll be much better prepared. I already had Gorak and his team lined up for the trip to the capital, just in case. With them, your guards, and your formidable skills, Lord Arzan, we'll secure that Blursage and be on our way in no time!"

Kai gave Malden an impassive look. Although it was clear Malden wasn't entirely sure about his decision, he was going with it. The man was a good salesman and knew where to put his money and trust in.

Seeing his look, Malden coughed and turned away to look at the flurry of activity of the guards and workers.

Kai followed his gaze and stared at the carriages. A sense of excitement bubbled in him since he was going to be exploring the rest of the world for the first time.

Having already informed everyone of their impending trip to the capital, Francis was going to stay behind to manage the city and oversee the construction efforts. Killian and two more Enforcers were following them with a chunk of guards.

Malden, too, would be accompanying them, as he had business dealings in the capital that conveniently aligned with their travel plans.

It gave them more people, but it was a good thing since it would take a week to reach the capital and having a large number of people meant more protection. However, he was sure the bandit group Malden mentioned would love to take on them.

As they stood there, Malden cleared his throat.

"Forgive my curiosity, Lord Arzan, but what exactly do you need the Blursage for? Is it some special concoction to give the nobles in the capital as a gift?"

Kai offered a noncommittal shrug. "Part of my preparations," he said simply. "I have a few things I need to attend to in the capital, and this herb is just a necessary ingredient."

Malden's eyes narrowed as he considered Kai's words, searching for a hidden meaning. However, the shrewd merchant knew better than to pry further. With a nod of understanding, he scurried off to address the logistics of their journey.

Leaving the bustle of the carriages, Kai made his way back towards the estate.

As he moved closer to it, he felt eyes on him and saw the shadow of a silhouette on a window.

He smiled and made his way towards that. He found Amyra nestled in a familiar spot, perched outside his study window, her brow furrowed in concentration.

"Eavesdropping, were you?" he asked with a smile as she turned around to look at him.

Amyra caught red-handed, let out a playful scoff. "Maybe, but I wasn't able to hear anything from here," she mumbled, her cheeks flushing a light pink. “I just saw the carriages and was interested. Also… I heard about you going to the capital from Claire.”

“Yes, I would be gone for three weeks, if not more.”

Amyra sighed, lowering her head at that. Kai waited for her to say anything and after a few seconds, she raised her head and asked, “Can I come with you? I-I mean, the group to the capital?”

Kai's smile softened.

"As much as I'd love to, Amyra, this trip to the capital isn't exactly a sightseeing tour. It's serious business, and I wouldn't be able to keep you safe or spend time with you."

A small frown appeared on Amyra's face. "But I can't do anything without you. What will happen to our golem making?" she protested. Her voice slightly raised, but she straightened in her position, squaring her shoulders. “I wouldn’t know how to make golems alone or do anything here, Lord Arzan.”

Kai looked at her, trying to get an idea of how to please her. He was hard-pressed to bring her since he didn't want to deal with the trouble of protecting her. They had made good progress and he was sure she was close to telling him more about the questions he had carried all this time in his mind.

For now, he needed to make her understand that he wasn't leaving her alone.

"True, but don’t fret it. My absence will be temporary. Besides," he added, a glint in his eye, "once I return, I'm bringing enough materials so we can start working on those larger golems I mentioned before."

Amyra's eyes lit up at the prospect, but she quickly hid it. “Really?”

“Yes. Besides, you could practise with the clay in the library till then. Three weeks would pass by very quickly.”

“But… what if you took more time?” She asked, her voice trembling.

Kai slowly moved his hands and patted her shoulders. She didn’t turn his hand away. “I promise I won't. Just keep practising your shaping techniques. We'll have a lot of work to do when I get back."

Slowly, she nodded and smiled.

***

Kai's eyes were closed, his breathing slow and measured. After dealing with the day's activity and packing his stuff up for the journey, he returned to his room.

He wasn't just circulating his mana in the usual meditative pattern today. Since reaching the third circle, a new sensation had been brewing within him and he wanted to find out what it was.

The third circle was a stage where Mages would exponentially increase their mana pools as well as gain good mastery over their spells and elements. One of the things that would happen in this stage was the discovery of a new affinity.

It wasn't a given as every Mage was different, but he knew this was what he felt in his core.

Most Mages would have two to three major elemental affinities. However, not every one of them would reveal itself straight away. A lot of times Mages would also just focus on one element instead of trying to master more.

Since unlike Enforcers, Mages could draw out power from various aspects of the world, the choices laid out to them were the major reason why they stood at the pinnacle of power.

There were also minor affinities towards other elements, but these were barely whispers, incapable of fueling more than rudimentary first or second-circle spells. He was only able to use healing spells due to this and even then, he was far from being able to use them well enough.

No matter how well he made the spell structure, it wasn't easy to infuse the light affinity because he only had a minor affinity with it.

Most Mages wisely focused on mastering their primary and secondary elements because of this reason.

Kai had already confirmed his fire affinity, a blazing inferno that roared within him. The secondary element he had discovered was a gentle wind, a counterpart to the fire's fury. It wasn't as strong as his fire affinity, but it was good.

He wondered if both these elements had carried over through his soul, but he had no proof of it. He had read no research about affinities being connected to the soul rather than the Mana heart.

Though, at the moment, he cared nothing about it.

Since reaching the third circle, a new presence had been making itself known, one that felt more potent than even the wind, coming close to the power he felt from his fire affinity. It was a presence Kai yearned to identify, to understand.

If I could figure out this affinity, I would be able to grow even stronger than before.

Two affinities were strong, but he had already mastered both of them. A third one would let them grow in a different direction. But he knew the work he had to put in would be slow and concentrated.

He focused deeper into his meditation, pushing past the familiar warmth of the fire and the refreshing caress of the wind.

He searched for a spark, an echo in the vast canvas of his mana pool.

It was like swimming in a vast lake, trying to reach the surface, then looking around to feel that connection that bothered him quite a few times these days.

As he focused, a connection bloomed, a tendril of energy, unlike anything he’d experienced before. He chased that tendril, his concentration deepening into a trance.

He swam and swam deeper into the lake, running after it until he froze.

Suddenly, an image flashed in his mind— a woman with flowing white hair, her eyes mirroring his abyssal pupils stared at him. The way they dilated, almost made it seem like they were saying something. She enveloped him in a warm embrace, a whispered word escaping her lips, "My heir."

Her hands… They’re so… Cold.

The trance shattered, Kai's eyes snapping open. His breath hitched.

The room was no longer his familiar chamber. It was a world of white.

Frost clung to the walls, the air laced with a biting chill. He reached up to touch his neck, the spot where the woman's embrace had lingered. His fingers brushed against a sheen of ice.

He looked down, not knowing what had happened or who that woman was.

Ice… Seems like I found my third affinity.

A hesitant smile touched his lips as his hand came down from his neck to rub against the other. His heart beat loudly as he tried his best to calm himself down.

But was unable to do so for a long time.



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 5k! Close to 6000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





69. Kingdom politics


Once ice was foreign to him and he couldn't feel it but now, its sensation lingered in Kai's consciousness.

His mind replayed the moment it all happened over and over. The cold, the breath on his neck and the freezing touch he experienced— he shook his head at that thought.

It wasn’t just a new element, it was a presence.

The woman’s presence.

The memory of her embrace, the warmth of her slender hands against the icy chill, sent an electric shiver down his spine.

He'd never experienced anything like it. New elements could develop a connection, but what he had seen was completely out of the ordinary.

Fire had always been a part of him, a raging inferno that resonated with his core and something he had always been familiar with. Ice, however, felt… different. Distant, yet strangely familiar. Almost as if a long-dormant part of him had awakened.

Kai sighed, his mind playing the scene of his awakening repeatedly.

The way everything was frozen…. His mind brought it all back once again.

The woman's voice replayed in his mind, that single word – “Heir”.

Heir to what? To whom?

He knew it wasn't about him. Kai knew that much and he had already gotten most of his master's legacy. This was about Arzan.

His entire lineage was shrouded in mystery, even if the duchy household was close to Veralt.

He knew nothing of his parents, no tales of ancestors.

He knew he was from a house of Mages from his diary, but what was the connection between him and the woman in the vision? Someone he knew in the past? Or something entirely different?

Was this the reason he was poisoned? Because he had been an heir to something? There were only questions and hardly any answers.

The frustration of not knowing enough was a bitter pill to swallow. He could move on from the facts if he knew something related to his awakening, but… It seemed like there was no luck there.

Killian and Francis, loyal as they were, wouldn't have a clue.

Arzan was a loner, too oppressed by his inability to do things and Kai would be surprised if he had any friends if he did have, they were the only three because of his status as a Duke's son and as soon as he had been kicked out, they had abandoned him.

For an entire day, Kai pondered over it and tried to call back to the woman to find a little bit more, but he wasn't able to. In the end, he pushed it out of his mind and focused on the important things.

He had a journey to start and it was an important one.

As for Arzan, there was always time to find answers. Either way, the ice element was his now and he doubted his fate would let him be without any answers.

***

Outside the bustling estate, carriages lined up in a neat row.

Kai stood at the head of the procession, his gaze fixed on the two Archine Tower mages fidgeting impatiently beside him.

"Lord Arzan," Jacks, the taller one, began tentatively. "We've already informed the tower that we are heading back with you. Once we reach the capital, we'll head straight there to report."

His voice held a hint of nervous inquiry as if seeking Kai's approval. Kai, however, remained impassive. His gaze darted from the Mages to the carriages, then back again.

“Okay," he finally replied, his voice devoid of warmth. “We will do so. For now, get in the carriage and try to keep to yourself. We would be taking a slight detour but would reach the capital in time. If I need your help, I will call you two."

The unspoken command hung heavy in the air. The second Mage, Klan bristled slightly.

His lower lip twitched in what could have been a protest of not following his orders, but he quickly bit it back. The clear dismissal in Kai's tone brooked no argument.

With a resigned sigh, the taller Mage cleared his throat. "Of course, Lord Arzan. We wouldn't want to delay the departure any further."

They both gave a curt bow, their faces etched with a mixture of annoyance and disappointment. Kai, however, remained unfazed.

“Sit well and try not to bother anyone," he said curtly, his voice leaving no room for further discussion.

The two Mages wasted no time. They scurried into the first carriage, slamming the door shut behind them with a disgruntled thud. A moment later, the carriage lurched forward, pulling away from the rest of the carriages.

Kai watched them go, a hint of a smirk playing on his lips. He wasn't interested in coddling these self-important mages.

A few times they had tried to get close to him, obviously trying to curry favour due to the strength he displayed, but their demeanour when they first met told him everything he wanted to know about them.

Kai swept his gaze across the assembled group.

Beyond the carriages, Malden stood animatedly conversing with Gorak’s team and the other guards, Killian's stoic figure looming beside them. As Malden finished his spiel, both he and Killian approached Kai.

"Everything seems set," Killian said, glancing at the fluttering banner above the lead carriage. "The flag looks good, Lord Arzan."

Kai followed his gaze.

The banner, newly made at his request, flapped proudly in the morning breeze.

Unlike most noble houses, with their centuries-old heraldry, Kai lacked a family crest. He couldn't claim the faded glory of the previous Baron, nor could he ever wear the colours of the duchy household since it belonged to Lucian now. So, he'd tasked Francis with creating a new symbol.

The resulting banner was a bold statement — a majestic phoenix rising from a bed of dark ashes. Behind it, a golden sun stood, encompassing its glow everywhere.

The image resonated deeply with Kai. It wasn't just a phoenix, it was the Sorcerer's Tower symbol, subtly adapted.

The symbol meant rising no matter and the philosophy was a major reason why the Sorcerer's Tower had stood for so long. He didn't want to leave it behind, so at the first opportunity he had gotten, he had used it.

After all, it was where he came from.

Kai nodded at Killian’s words words without saying anything.

"Everything seems settled, Lord Arzan," Malden said, wiping a stray bead of sweat from his brow. "Now then, I’ll head to my carriage and you can enter yours with Killian as your guard."

Kai raised an eyebrow, a smile playing on his lips. “Are you going to be alone in your carriage?"

Malden nodded. “I have a guard and he would be acting as the driver, so I was going to rest till we get to a spot to camp.”

“You have nothing else to do?”

“No, my lord.”

“Then, hold on," Kai said, a glint in his eye. "There's been a change of plans."

Malden's grin fell immediately. "Change of plans, you say, Lord Arzan?" he asked. "Is there something amiss?"

Kai shook his head. "Not amiss, Malden," he corrected. "Just necessary. I have something important to talk to you about on our way. You will be travelling with me and Killian can act as the driver." His gaze flickered towards Killian, who stood straight with his neutral face, as usual.

Killian immediately nodded at Kai’s words.

Malden's eyes darted between both of them, his brow furrowing in confusion.

***

In the front of the carriage, Killian drove the horses through the roads, following the carriages containing the guards in the front while keeping an eye out on the side for anything suspicious.

On the back, Malden fidgeted nervously on the plush seats, glancing out the window at the rapidly fading cityscape. His knees moved anxiously as if he was trying to calm his nerves.

He cast a furtive glance at Kai, who sat across from him, a faint smile playing on his lips.

"Relax, Malden," Kai finally said, his voice calm. "There's no need to fret. I just thought it would be beneficial to discuss a few things before we reach the capital. It's not related to you. I just want to know more about the landscape of things and you are the best person to come for information."

Malden cleared his throat, seeming like a wave of relief washing over him. "Ah, of course, Lord Arzan. What would you like to know?"

Kai leaned back in his seat, his gaze thoughtful. "Tell me about the capital, Malden. The political climate, the atmosphere, if you will."

Malden's eyes lit up. Politics was one topic that was a favourite for merchants, being both important and interesting for them to keep track of. Even in Veralt, Kai knew he tried to keep an eye out for any development.

By how his ears perked up, he knew he had asked the right person.

“Royal politics is messy, to say the least right now,” he said, carefully choosing his words. “It's like the calm before a storm. King Sullivan's health is failing, everyone knows it, and with no clear successor named, it's tense."

Kai raised an eyebrow. "But isn't there the first prince, Eldric? Surely he's the heir apparent." In his fragmented memories of history, Eldric was one of the few written about a lot, so much so that even after thousands of years, his name was one of the staples in history.

A major reason for it was his ushering the world into the Golden era of magic and gaining the moniker of the “Mad King”.

Malden chuckled. "First prince, yes, but not necessarily crown prince. The King, bless his stubborn heart, hasn't declared an heir yet. Hasn't even hinted at it. Left the other two princes, Prince Thalric and Prince Aldrin, scrambling for power. It's not a pretty sight from what I have heard."

“Has it been going on for long?”

“Yes, it's been dragging on for years, Lord Arzan," Malden lamented, shaking his head. "All three princes are good Mages and rulers in their own right, but the King remains stubborn as a mule. One would think he'd want to ensure a smooth transition, but no, he keeps everyone guessing because he can't take a decision.”

Kai nodded thoughtfully. Political turmoil wasn't something he was familiar with. One wouldn't have a lot of time to engage in it when fiends were trying to kill you at every given moment, but he had read enough.

Even in Arzan's journal, he had seen how the succession of the duchy had progressed with lots of alliances and betrayals— It was a tangled web of them that could easily destroy a nation if it continued for too long.

"Tell me about the princes," he prompted. "Prince Thalric, Prince Aldrin, Prince Eldric— who are they aligned with?"

Malden launched into a full-blown gossip mode as he leaned forward.

“The rivalry between the princes only exacerbates the tension. Prince Thalric, the youngest, seems to have the military's favour with his brash tactics and promises of glory. He had spent time dealing with the barbarians in the Northern lands and had plans of conquest. The middle one, Prince Aldrin is trying to curry favours with the nobility and due to his mother being the princess of the neighbouring Alparca Kingdom, he's getting a lot of support on the borders,” he said, licking his lips and moving onto the last one. “Finally, Prince Eldric had been the quietest, but rumours are that he's been trying his best to gain the attention of Archine Tower. The queen had been training him in politics since his childhood and he's been brewing plots to destroy his rivals and take the throne for himself.”

Kai squinted his eyes at the last part. Archine Tower wasn't something he recalled from history, but if it was the premier institute of magic in the kingdom, it made sense for Eldric to gain their support for the throne.

"And the King, amidst all this chaos?" Kai inquired.

"Lost in his own world, Lord Arzan." Malden sighed. “He spends most days bedridden, leaving the kingdom to manage itself, or rather, mismanage itself. The competition for the throne has blinded everyone to the real threats – poverty's on the rise, whispers of famine are spreading, bandit attacks are becoming more frequent, and even beast activity seems to be increasing… Thinking of which… Veralt is quite the different thing from all these."

“Why do you say so?" Kai asked with interest. He recalled asking something similar when they had first met, but now things were quite different.

"Veralt." Malden shrugged. “It is an oddity. While the rest of the kingdom seems to be crumbling, Veralt's actually on the opposite path. You, Lord Arzan, with your… initiatives, have shaken things up. People are working, there's less hunger and I see a purpose in them as they try to grow. I believe the last few months have affected them and as you have shown your face around and done things for them, a lot of them think they could leave behind their miserable pasts.”

Kai allowed himself a small smile. If anything, this was a start and once the beast wave passed, he could do more with the city.

"Speaking of factions, Lord Arzan,” Malden said, bringing him out of his thoughts. “With your new status as a Mage, I wouldn't be surprised if one of the princes tries to recruit you once word reaches the capital."

Kai frowned. "A mere Baron like myself wouldn't be of much interest, would he?"

Malden snorted. "A mere Baron who's a Mage, Lord Arzan? Don't underestimate your worth. Just the Heat stones are enough for them to inquire about you, and with the rumours of your lineage… well, let's just say the princes will be very interested in having you on their side. Imagine they do so, then, which prince will you choose, Lord Arzan?"

He asked the last part of the sentence with expectant eyes, trying to gauge his expression, but Kai remained calm.

A prince, huh?

He pondered over the question but got no answer. It was clear with the history he knew as he knew what prince was going to succeed the throne, but Eldric was a controversial figure.

For most of his good in investing in magical studies, he had put the world on the path of destruction. There was also too much bloodshed that Kai didn't approve of.

Hence, he shrugged. “Probably no one. I would rather choose myself.”

His eyes went towards the evening sun as he answered. From the corner of his eye, he could see how Malden stared at him, bewildered and trying to make sense of his words.



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 5k! Close to 6000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





70. Barbarians (1)


A note from Extra26





Start Reading--> The Hunter Games: Urban Fantasy Gamelit





The creak continued ardently as the carriages wound their way through the grasslands.

Tall grasses tickled the carriage undercarriage, feathery plumes brushing against the tall windows.

From outside the window, Kai could see the late afternoon sun cast long shadows across the rolling plains.

He was getting restless after a day spent bouncing on hard seats. Occasionally peeking out from the window, his gaze swept across multiple landscapes he knew existed from the map.

Here and there, copses of trees offered respite from the sun’s intensity, their branches providing temporary places for chirping birds.

The air hummed with the lazy drone of insects as the evening crept in, it was a peaceful counter to the continuous rumble of the carriages that seemed to get annoying to the ears.

Slowly, the twilight descended.

The sky was painted pink and orange.

The rolling plains gave way to a clearing, the terrain changing completely.

As the carriages started to slow down, Kai’s eyes went from the window to Malden, who woke up from his nap due to a small jolt that erupted from the carriage. He almost laughed at Malden’s face when he woke up, but quickly stopped himself as it was inappropriate to do so.

Malden wiped his sleepy face as Kai looked outside to see a circular patch of ground that was in the middle of a ring of towering oaks.

The carriages lurched to a halt.

“Did I sleep for the rest of the day, Lord Arzan?” Malden’s voice came raspy.

“Yes, let's get out. We need to set up camp.”

A guard was quick to come around and open the door for Kai as he stepped outside.

He was the first to get down after a few guards, and as soon as he did, he stretched his stiff muscles, letting the cool night air hit his skin.

He looked around the clearing, his eyes adjusting to the fading light.

A stream gurgled close by, its noise bringing peace to Kai’s ears as its surface reflected the last light of the setting sun.

It was a good area to set up camp and there didn't seem to be any beasts around.

In the background, Killian barked orders.

Tents were brought to the clearing, while some guards got in task to set them. Other guards started lighting up the fire pits.

Kai gave an approving nod at Killian who walked towards him with what looked like a plan in his mind as his eyes kept darting back and forth between the trees and him.

“I believe I should go and hunt for tonight's meal. I saw some fat boars when we entered the area.”

***

Two hours later, a fat boar meat sizzled over the fire.

The chilly air filled with the mouthwatering meat aroma.

After two hours of search, Killian and the mercenaries had managed to trail around the boar. Raven's arrow had done half the job, making it easier for Killian to jump in and kill it completely.

Now, they all had satisfied, relieved looks on their faces, and seated next to one another around the fire.

The guards were talking with hushed voices as stories, embarrassing tales and jokes flew around. At times, Kai could hear guards gasping at the talker’s words, or laughing at what was shared.

Regardless, they all seemed to be enjoying being on the run.

Even the mercenaries who had fought with the guards in the larvae nest and became familiar joined taking turns sharing stories and talking about anything and everything to add to the laughter.

Malden, bustled about with his staff, tending to the people and making sure everyone had a full belly and a warm drink for the night. They all needed energy for the week's journey and any bandits that might pop up, and one of the best ways to prepare for a fight was to rest.

The two Archine Tower mages, however, stood out like sore thumbs. Klan and Jacks were standing behind the circle of guards, fidgeting their fingers and looking at the people talking awkwardly. Even their finely woven robes looked out of place among the worn leather and roughspun tunics of other guards.

Soon, Kai felt a stare at him as Klan turned his head towards him. Both of them walked where he was standing as he tilted his head.

“Lord Arzan,” Jacks gave a respective nod and Klan followed soon after.

“Yes?”

“We wish to take our meals in our tents. Rest for the night, if that’s alright,” Jacks said as his eyes went to the plate in his hand.

“Okay.” Kai nodded, having no reason to hold them back.

“Excuse us,” Klan said and gave a final half-bow, walking inside one of the tents.

It was amusing to see these two men so awkward and uncomfortable in the presence of his guards. The demeanour from the first day they entered his estate was nowhere to be seen. Kai watched them leave with a slight smile tugging at his lips.

He then turned his attention to the feast the people were having— the roasted boar.

Without another word, he settled down on a makeshift log seat. One of Malden’s staff, an old man, walked towards him with a plate. It seemed as if they had already prepared his serving and soon, a glass of ale was also served.

Some men who were too close to him stood up and gave a respective bow before walking away and taking seats with the other guards.

Only Killian and the mercenary group dared to sit near him.

Kai didn’t need time to think as he dug into the meat. The roasted meat was chewy but tender in his mouth and the smell was quick to fill his nostrils, making him hungrier than before.

As soon as the second and third pieces of meat hit his tongue, he was a goner. The meat was too good in taste not to devour it whole. The ale was just the cherry on top.

His attention went to Gorak, who chewed on a large piece of meat. The man whose plate was now empty, was quick to raise his hand for a second piece.

He really acts without any care in the world. Though, it's not only him. His whole group is similar.

He had thought about it before, the reasons they acted as such.

Gorak's group was a motley crew of fighters with a keen eye for coin and a blunt disregard for nobility. They were quite a welcome change from the usual courtly sycophants Kai met every day.

They treated him not as a Baron, but as a Mage who had proven himself worthy in a fight. There was a refreshing lack of pretence or fawning in how they behaved around him, a visible contrast from how Malden behaved. Other than that, they knew Kai was approachable.

It all made sense, and he wasn’t about to complain about it.

Kai took a bite of the tender meat, distracting his thoughts and entertaining his taste buds.

After a while, he felt like the fire crackling in front of them welcomed a conversation now that his surroundings were suddenly too quiet to his liking.

Kai, a half-eaten boar leg in hand, turned towards the mercenaries group and looked at Raven.

"How is your spirit doing?" he asked softly, his voice barely a murmur.

A wisp of cool air brushed against his cheek instantly, a silent response. Kai noticed the faint green light that brushed against him.

Thinking back, he remembered how the wisp first reacted to him. It seemed comfortable around Kai and that was probably because of the mana it felt from him.

“It’s good. A little bit scared with all the people around,” Raven cleared her throat. Probably taken back due to how the spirit reacted to him.

"A little overwhelmed, I take it?" Kai asked.

Another wisp of air, followed by a faint feeling of anxiety. Kai smiled reassuringly. It was rather odd how he could feel it.

"Don't worry," he said, his voice low and calming. "You're safe here."

He paused for a moment, then changed the subject. "Did it manage to sense any… dangers around here?"

Raven nodded. “The wisp did notice a couple of monsters in the vicinity, and apart from that— it informed me a while ago about some people who came to scout the area.”

The blue glow swirled and rested on top of Raven’s shoulder, soon becoming invisible to the naked eye.

He grunted and nodded, a frown creasing his brow.

Killian’s voice came rather alarmed from next to Kai. "Scouts?" he asked, his voice gruff.

Gorak, who had been listening intently, chuckled and thumped his meaty fist on the log beside him. “Yes, I believe Lord Arzan already knows and I was just about to mention it myself. Raven informed me about it an hour ago.”

“I just used a spell to sense anyone around in the clearing when we were setting up tents. You think they are bandits?" Kai inquired, his gaze roaming towards the treeline.

Gorak nodded. "Must be a group from the Barbarians. I heard about them making rounds far into their territory to capture more of it, so guess it makes sense for them to scout around here."

“Oh?” Kai pushed further, leaning forward.

Gorak cleared his throat and elaborated for Kai's benefit. “I'm sure Malden informed you about them— the large bandit group, but we call them barbarians. These 'Barbarians' are a ragtag bunch of fighters from ancient clans and tribes. They used to live autonomously in the mountains, a mineral-rich region bordering several kingdoms, including Lancephil. Both Lancephil and its neighbours tried to claim the land and enslave the warriors for how strong they are, and to acquire the unique fighting styles they have been using for decades, but the Barbarians wouldn't submit."

Killian took a swig from his drink before continuing. "They fought back, fierce as a trapped tiger. But they were outnumbered. Eventually, they were forced to flee, pushing south and crossing the border into Lancephil. Now, they roam the fringes, raiding settlements and causing trouble. Eh, I’d say quite the annoying tribe."

Kai digested the information slowly.

Bandits, it seemed, were a constant threat in this land. But something about these Barbarians piqued his curiosity. After all, unlike actual bandits, they were simply refugees who were forced to leave their lands due to selfish interests.

Even if they tried to assimilate into Lancephil, he knew it wouldn't be easy if the country wanted to enslave them.

"These Barbarians, they're not your typical cutthroats," Gorak said, wiping his scarred head with his calloused palm. "They let most merchants pass unscathed past Sylvan Enclave territory, where we are right now, just take a bit of coin or food as a 'tax' for not killing us. It's the nobles they hate, the ones who tried to enslave them in the mountains. They’d torture them, that’s the rumour, never seen first hand."

He gave a look at Kai who struggled. "So, they're more of a resistance movement, operating under the guise of banditry?"

Gorak nodded. "Yes, Lord Arzan, that's the gist of it. They torture those with noble connections, send a message, you see. Since they have no real power, that's the only thing they could do."

The mercenary leader repeated the word ‘torture’ putting weight on it.

Kai leaned back. It was an interesting dynamic. These Barbarians, forced from their homes, were striking back in the only way they knew how. But why weren't the nobles taking action?

"It seems no noble house has tried to eradicate them," he finally said, voicing his curiosity.

Gorak snorted. "Eradicate? These Barbarians are no ordinary bandits, Lord Arzan. They're fierce fighters, honed by years in the mountains. And they know the terrain like the back of their hand. Any large force sent against them would just get lost in a chase. They’d run away if the force was too large though. Mostly, nobles are letting them be as they haven’t caused any big problem yet for them to take immediate deathly action. Either way, the bandits had only managed to target the smaller nobles."

Killian nodded and continued Gorak’s explanation. "It's not that the nobles haven't considered it. The former Duke wanted to deal with them, but they were wiping out the smaller bandit groups that plagued the outlying villages, so he let them be. But in the past year, they've grown bolder, sneaking further into our territory."

Kai finished chewing a bite of boar meat. He nodded slowly, but thoughtfully, "I see.”

It seemed like the classic case of Arzan's father using them to keep the bandit groups in check, but now, they have become the big bad of the region and were trying to gain more power and control by spreading their reputation.

“Lord Arzan, should I act as a guard with a few others? You can head inside the tent and get some rest,” Killian said, his eyes boring into Kai’s as the latter finished his meal.

Kai shook his head slightly. “No need, I'll take the first watch myself."

“We can't let you do that, Lord Arzan.” He looked at him as if he was saying something ominous. “With so many guards here, you should rest. If any bandit comes, we can deal with them.”

Kai met his gaze steadily. "Don’t worry, Killian. I just want to sit under the night sky for a while, so I will take the first watch. Besides, these Barbarians, if they are indeed scouting, wouldn't strike until the dead of night in a few hours. We have a long journey ahead tomorrow, and the guards— mercs included — need their rest."

The logic was sound, but Killian still hesitated. "Perhaps I could –"

Kai cut him off with a raised hand. "No, Killian. It’s not up for an argument. It's been a while since I've had a moment to myself."

Killian sighed but composed himself quickly. He nodded and stepped back.

"Very well, Lord Arzan. But if anything feels amiss, call out and I’ll be here."

All of them sat around there for a while longer before growing too tired to continue.

One by one, the guards, Malden, his staff and mercenaries, weary from the day's travel bid him their farewell and retreated to their tents.

Kai watched them disappear before taking a deep breath and looking at the sky.

In the moment, it was just him, alone, under the vast expanse of the night sky, with millions of stars looking down upon him. His master had told him that thousands of years back, the mana in the night was vibrant, and as he breathed in it, he agreed with them.

I had never seen so many stars in my entire life before.

From the era he had come from, dark clouds would mostly cover the sky always as if the air itself was polluted and he had lived most of his life in the tower, barely going until it was a quest or exploring. So, the stars were things he had never been able to gaze upon like this before.

After acting tireless for weeks, preparing for one thing or another, he knew he needed this.

Therefore, he let himself be in silence while seconds poured into minutes. Then, he looked down at his hands and felt a chilling cold in the core of his being, one that was never there before.

Unlike his fire or wind affinity, it was one he wasn't as familiar with, nor did he know any major spells in it.

For fire, he knew most of them till the fourth circle and even a few beyond that. For ice, it was completely different and other than frost breath and ice shards— first circle spells he had hurriedly learned because his master insisted on knowing spells from every element.

Though they’d add more intensity to the battle if combined with his other affinities, his ice affinity wasn't going to do much if he didn't manage to get more spells.

It was frustrating.

Even if he knew two or three spells, he had never spent more than a moment practising them, so using them in battle was going to be beyond him till he got their casting time to an appropriate level.

The spell structure, though.

It was completely different than wind or fire, and that made things tenfold harder to learn and master.

Spells using ice, he vaguely recalled, relied heavily on manipulating atmospheric moisture, calculating precise structures to coerce the water molecules into freezing.

But, thankfully, he was determined.

This was his affinity. Therefore, he will make it work — he should make it work.

Kai inhaled deeply and exhaled, letting all the air out of his lungs. He inhaled once again and opened his eyes, focusing on his palm for the spell structure he recalled.

The imaginary lines drew one after another, connecting itself into a proper [Ice shard] spell structure.

It was much more level than a fire spell structure, feeling cold to his palms with glowing white lines and much harder than land properly.

As the structure came to a close end, Kai started pushing mana from his core to his palms, curious about the result.

A little bit more… And the last line-

As soon as the structure was completed and mana poured out, he felt his hands go cold for a brief moment. The spell structure broke from his palms and only a hint of used mana was left in the air.

Wait, what? That’s it?

Kai’s hands tugged on the hair that was on his neckline as he squinted his eyes.

The spell structure came to his mind once again. He had done it all right, the lines must have—

He couldn’t give up. He tried again. The frustration was turning into a focused determination as he drew the structure back again from scratch, mana flowed, he felt the ice affinity in his body and then… Coldness.

No shard, nothing visible, only a feeling of failure in his hands.

It broke once again, vanishing in the air.

The structure was what seemed to be the problem. Maybe he was getting it all wrong. But there was only one way to find it out, experiment.

Kai continued.

After every failed try, he tried harder. The very air refused to mould into icy submission.

An hour passed with his grunts and exasperated sighs.

He shook his hands, flickering the wrist and forming a small orb of light, warming his palms from the coldness.

Although he had expected to fail early on, ice was coming across as much harder to grasp than fire or wind. He knew it wasn't his affinity since he felt his connection to ice clearly, but the structure wasn't working as expected. Maybe he remembered it wrong or he was hurrying too much.

Whatever it was, he needed to give it time.

“For now, I guess I could get busy with the intruders,” he muttered, looking towards the oak trees beyond the stream.

For a moment, his eyes glowed and he smiled.

Dusting his hand off the light ball, he stood up. He had heard about the barbarians from Killian and Gorak but hadn't gotten a good idea of their strength, so this would be a good exercise.



A note from Extra26



Hey everyone we crossed 5k! Close to 6000. now! Thank you so much. Please keep supporting and liking the novel. If anyone wants to buy my patreon or join my discord server, here are the links.

Patreon for 15 chaps: https://www.patreon.com/extra26

Discord: https://discord.com/invite/nc3hVSCP2n





71. Barbarians (2)


A note from Extra26





Cultivation is a Game [Xianxia LitRPG Isekai]



Kill. Die. Respawn.

Kai woke up in a Xianxia world...with a LitRPG system.

But hey, at least cultivation works like a game.

Too bad the world itself is brutally real.

Now, it's up to him to leverage his gaming skills, conquer deadly quests, and survive the ruthless environment to become the ultimate cultivator.



* * *



What you can expect:

• Progression

• Character Development

• Comedy

• No Harem/Romance





Ragnar huffed slowly, knowing his men could hear them. Not even the slightest sound went unheard by his men, and that’s how trained they were.

Right now, they were in front of a clearing a large travelling band had made themselves comfortable in. They had to pass the water lake to get here, and fortunately, the water didn’t go past their ankles. It was large, but shallow in depth. If it was the rainy season, the story might’ve been different. But it all happened in silence.

Ragnar looked at his second-in-command and raised his eyebrows.

It looks like most are at rest, the bald man signalled from atop a tree.

The oak trees they hid behind weren’t as tall as the usual trees they picked to hunt on prey (mostly beasts, but also nobles who would venture deep in the forest for their hunting games), however, trees— they helped them; they helped them blend, move faster, jump from higher, gain the upper hand over their enemies and mostly, spy without getting caught.

In most cases, more than seventy per cent of the time, most beasts would have no idea they were being trailed and even if they got a whiff of it, their stamina would always give up after a point. The less said about nobles, the better.

Humans rarely looked above them after all.

He watched his men again, their mismatched leather and furs coming into view. Every one of them wore the hide of the beast they had killed and from them, they made their armour. It was a long-running tradition, one that Ragnar had done well in himself.

He had brought along thirty of his best men to capture the strangers who were trying to cross through the Sylvan Enclave. They must know who they would meet, so close to the road going towards the capital, yet they had dared to come here.

Well, let us take a look here.

Ragnar walked closer to the nearby oak tree and peeked at the clearing. It was showered in the flickering orange glow of the campfire.

A lone man sat in front of a makeshift tent, his back turned towards the fire.

He grunted.

Are they stupid or what? To come in here, light up a big campfire and grab attention.

Ragnar looked at Wulfgar and tapped the back of his neck, right where the tribe tattoo was; a set of sharp, large teeth that were outlined with dots— a traditional tattoo that was given to everyone in their tribe, regardless of their age or sex.

Ragnar often used the signal when Wulfgar would spy on top of trees to get down and come behind him.

His second in command gave a questioning look to Ragnar who signalled at the camp.

"Just one guard, can you believe it?" Ragnar scoffed, a sneer twisting the scar that went in between his eyes from his forehead towards the end of his nose. "These nobles, they grow stupider with every passing month, Wulfgar."

Beside him, Wulfgar, the man with a shaved head and a single braided beard silenced him with a sharp elbow jab.

"Quiet, you fool," he hissed, his voice barely a whisper. "We don't want to alert them before we're ready."

Ragnar grumbled under his breath. He frowned at the tall and broad-shouldered man.
