
It was the perfect opportunity!

Besides, he could blame the deaths of Brad and Gordon on Lucas.

Not anyone could tolerate having to stoop low and bow to someone else like Chris had done at the Carter Corporation today!

...

The following day, the news of the sudden deaths of both Gordon Douglas and Brad Douglas in the hospital spread like wildfire throughout the county!

The Douglas family was considered a prestigious family in Orange County. And the deaths of the two direct descendants of the family naturally sparked numerous discussions and speculations in the county.

Cheyenne also heard the news, and her expression changed immediately.

When she saw Lucas again, she asked him hesitantly, “Brad Douglas and Gordon Douglas both died in the hospital yesterday. Have you heard about it?”

“What? Both of them died?” Lucas was rather surprised. He went out with Jordan early in the morning and indeed did not know about it.

Cheyenne looked at Lucas for a long time, unsure of what to say.

Lucas suddenly laughed. “Why are you looking at me like that? Do you suspect that I killed them?”

Cheyenne shook her head, well aware that Lucas shouldn’t have done such a thing even though she knew that he was capable of it.

Looking at Lucas worriedly, she said, “In that case... you have to be more careful. Brad Douglas’s death is reportedly due to complications caused by an infected wound, and Jordan... was the one who inflicted it. I’m worried that the Douglases might blame it on you.”





Chapter 82: Death by Infection




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Hearing her words, Lucas smiled and looked at her tenderly. “Don’t worry. The injuries we inflicted on Brad Douglas weren’t severe enough to be fatal. Even if they try to investigate, they won’t be able to associate it with me, so I won’t be in trouble.”

Cheyenne finally felt much less worried, but she nevertheless reminded Lucas, “Anyway, you should be more careful.”

“Yes, I will,” Lucas answered with a smile.

After Cheyenne left, a cold expression appeared on his face.

There was definitely more to the double deaths of Brad Douglas and Gordon Douglas!

If no one provoked him, he wouldn’t care to interfere with the family matters of the Douglases.

However, if someone was foolish enough to try to blame the matter on him, he wouldn’t be merciful and would simply chop off his hand! He was no saint after all.

...

At this moment, the Douglas residence was all black, and the two large black lacquered wooden coffins were placed in the middle of the hall, surrounded by countless white wreaths.

The Douglas family was a top family in Orange County. Since such a huge incident happened all of a sudden, there were naturally many guests. Regardless of whether they were close or not, they would all have to attend and offer parting words to the deceased. They would also have to show their respect and then comfort the Douglases.

Hugo sat beside the hall and stared at the two coffins in front of him with a deadpan expression. He wasn’t moving at all and was acting as if he couldn’t hear or see anything happening around him. His face, which was still rosy and healthy previously, seemed to have aged more than ten years overnight.

The two coffins in front of him were those of his only son, Gordon Douglas, and his only grandson, Brad Douglas. However, they would never open their eyes again.

At the thought of this, tears rolled down Hugo’s face.

This scene made the countless guests who came to offer their condolences sigh with emotion.

Anyone would be upset and grief-stricken to lose their son and grandson at an old age.

Fortunately, he had his eldest son, Chris Douglas, who could carry on the family bloodline.

At this moment, Chris also looked like he was grief-stricken and had tears in his eyes as he received the comfort and condolences from the guests on behalf of the Douglases. Sometimes, when something struck a sour note in him, he would weep and feel overwhelmed by the misery of the deaths of his younger brother and nephew.

All of a sudden, all the people who came to offer condolences felt emotional, as they could tell that the Douglas brothers shared a close relationship with each other.

However, after everyone left in the dead of the night, Chris looked at the two large coffins in the hall, and his mournful expression was now replaced by the derisive smile of a victor.

On the second day after the burial of Brad and Gordon, Hugo finally came out of his bedroom and regained some of his vitality.

However, Hugo had gray hair and a hunched back. His eyes were also emanating a sharp glint, making everyone’s heart jump.

All the Douglases waited in the hall, not even daring to breathe.

Hugo sat down on a chair in the hall, looked at everyone, and said slowly, “A few days ago, my son, Gordon, and my grandson, Brad, both passed away in the hospital due to a severe infection of their wounds.”

Hugo’s voice was hoarse. As soon as he said these words, a middle-aged woman dashed out, fell onto the ground, and started crying miserably. “Hugo! You must avenge Gordon and Brad! They died a wrongful death, but the scoundrel who killed them is still alive and well. You can’t let him off easily! You must make him pay for it!”

The middle-aged woman was none other than Brad’s mother and Gordon’s wife.

Having lost her husband and son in one night, she was about to lose her mind!

In particular, she had also heard that they had been badly beaten because they had offended Lucas Gray! Even after they had been hospitalized, he still wasn’t willing to let them off and ended up killing them! Or so she thought.

Brad’s injuries were serious but not fatal, and the same went for Gordon’s. So it was impossible for them to die in the hospital overnight!

While the woman wept miserably, the Douglases started discussing endlessly.

Almost all of them agreed that there was something fishy about the deaths of Brad and Gordon.

Although they didn’t feel much for the overbearing and haughty Gordon and the loafer Brad, who was often up to nothing good and only knew to cause trouble, they were still the core members of the family. Yet they were both killed by such brutal means, so they felt fearful and insulted.

Everyone looked at Hugo, hoping that he would issue orders to find the scoundrel who bullied them and then kill him without anyone knowing to avenge the deaths of the two Douglases!

However, to everyone’s surprise, not only did Hugo not promise to find the culprit to avenge Brad and Gordon, but he even looked at them sullenly and said austerely, “From now on, no one is allowed to talk about the deaths of Brad and Gordon. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being merciless and punishing you with the family laws!”

Hugo’s words left all of them astonished!

He’s actually threatening us with the family laws in order to suppress this matter!

Why?

Could it be that the culprit behind this is so powerful that even Hugo doesn’t dare to mess with him?

“No! You can’t do that. You clearly know that they were both murdered! How can you not avenge them?!” the middle-aged woman yelled, unable to accept this result.

“Shut up!” Hugo barked and glared at the middle-aged woman. “Are you turning a deaf ear to my words? Now that my son is gone, I can let you leave the family if you want!”

“I...” The middle-aged woman was so frightened by Hugo that she started convulsing with fear, not daring to air her grievances.

She had now lost her husband and her son and could only live the rest of her life depending on Hugo. If she provoked him and ended up getting kicked out by him, her life would be miserable!

Hugo stood up and looked around at the crowd in the middle of the hall. “Did all of you hear what I said? If I find out that anyone talks about this again, don’t blame me for not warning you beforehand!”





Chapter 83: Swallowing His Pride




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Under the compelling gaze of Hugo, all the Douglases did not dare to look at him as they hurriedly hung their heads low and chorused in unison, “Yes, Old Sir!”

“One more thing.” Hugo looked at the white mourning fabric that hadn’t been cleared away yet with a grief-stricken expression.

“Gordon and Brad have just been buried, so don’t change the arrangements in the house too soon. Also, everyone in the family is forbidden from entertaining and socializing for the next one week, or else you will be disowned!” Hugo said austerely, making their hearts drop.

Having just lost his closest kin, it was only normal that Hugo wouldn’t want to see them laughing and having a whale of a time. However, if they had to cease all entertainment activities, their entertainment joints would also have to close for a week, which would result in a huge loss!

Besides, the Douglases had just suffered an enormous loss, so this loss would be even more severe.

Everyone wanted to give their opinion. But looking at Hugo’s expression, they could only stay silent.

After the family members left, Hugo called Chris to his study.

Standing in front of Hugo with his hands by his side and looking down, he looked just like a filial son.

Hugo stared at Chris and seemed to be trying to detect something from his face.

No matter how thick-skinned Chris might be, he couldn’t stay calm because he had a guilty conscience.

“Dad, why did you ask to see me?” Chris asked while looking at the oppressive gaze in Hugo’s eyes.

Hugo looked away and expressed assent, as if he had been interrupted from his trance. “Do you know why I said that in the hall just now?”

He was referring to his orders for everyone not to discuss the deaths of Brad and Gordon Douglas.

In fact, Chris was confused about it too.

His men had killed Gordon and Brad, and he even planned to make an issue out of their deaths and then put the blame on Lucas Gray so that he could avoid suspicion. No one would suspect that he had killed his younger brother and nephew.

In fact, even the middle-aged woman, Gordon’s wife, had heard about the deaths of her husband and son from someone Chris sent.

He reckoned that Hugo would definitely agree to the request since he was grief-stricken over the demise of his son and grandson.

However, he never expected that Hugo would choose not to confront Lucas and instead order all the family members not to bring it up again.

Chris lowered his head and hid the emotions in his eyes as he said respectfully, “I don’t know. But Dad, you’ve always been wise, so I reckon there must be a reason for your decision.”

Hugo sighed. “Gordon and Brad are my biological son and grandson, so of course I want to avenge them. However, we can’t openly go around saying that Lucas Gray killed them. First, we don’t have any concrete proof, and secondly, we might alarm him and cause him to flee. By then, it would be difficult to seek revenge.”

Chris nodded in a moment of epiphany and exclaimed, “Dad, you’re so wise! It indeed isn’t time for us to announce this yet. We should get rid of Lucas Gray when his guard is down!”

“Yes! The murderer is Lucas Gray, and we can roughly confirm that. Even if he wasn’t the one, he was still the one who beat up Gordon and Brad. We have every right to look for him!” Hugo gritted his teeth.

Immediately afterward, Hugo reached out and patted Chris on his shoulder. “Chris, you’re my only son now. I’ll hand over the task of killing Lucas Gray and avenging Brad and Gordon to you! After you complete it, I will convene a meeting and hand over the position of the successor of the Douglas family to you in public!”

Hugo’s eyes were full of an inscrutable menace.

Lucas Gray was not to be trifled with, and since his biological son was dead, there was no need for the bastard child Chris Douglas to continue living either! Besides, the murderer might really be Lucas, but it could also be the ingrate Chris!

If the two of them were to be at odds with each other, they could just kill each other! Regardless of which one of them died, it would be good!

Only then could he avenge Gordon and Brad!

When Hugo thought of that scene, his hands began trembling.

Suddenly, he heard a loud sound.

Chris burst into laughter!

Laughter?

Chris was just like an obedient dog in front of him, yet he suddenly laughed after hearing that Hugo was going to hand over the position of successor to him.

Hugo was shocked, and soon, he was furious.

He had clearly just said that no one was to laugh or chatter for the sake of mourning Brad and Gordon. Yet Chris was laughing!

“What are you laughing about?!” Hugo flew into a rage and glared at Chris.

“Haha, Dad. You mean that if I don’t seek revenge on Lucas Gray, you won’t give me the position of successor, right?” Chris asked with a smile.

Hugo found his action peculiar and frowned. “Of course not. You’re my only son. Who else would I hand it to but you?”

“Haha, who knows? I’m not your biological son. How could you hand the family over to me? I’m afraid you must be thinking about how to kill me, right?”

Chris was still smiling, but in Hugo’s opinion, he was like a terrifying demon!

“What nonsense are you babbling about?” Hugo roared with shock and fear within him. When did this bastard find out?

Or has he always been pretending all this while? Has he been pretending so well that I thought he was an obedient dog, and he’s only showing his true colors now?

All of a sudden, Hugo’s heart was full of horror and anxiety.

“Hah, you should know whether or not I’m babbling nonsense.” Since he had already revealed his true colors, Chris saw no need to pretend and walked toward the couch to sit down calmly.

“You just want me to deal with Lucas Gray and end up getting injured too. It’s best if we both die, right?”





Chapter 84: Another Funeral




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Chris’s words made Hugo take a few steps back in astonishment, almost falling onto the ground.

Hugo stared in shock and horror while pointing at Chris Douglas, his fingers trembling violently, barely able to utter a complete sentence.

“You... you...”

My plans and thoughts have been seen through by this scumbag?!

“You, get lost! Get out of my house immediately! I will never hand over the family assets to a bastard like you!” Hugo hollered while pointing at the door.

“Hah, it’s too late.” Chris didn’t move at all. Instead, he smiled even more joyously. “I didn’t want to take action so soon at first, but you forced me into this.”

Hearing his words, Hugo acutely sensed danger. “What do you mean?”

Chris smiled and clapped his hands. A stranger with neatly combed hair, donning a gray suit and gold-rimmed glasses, pushed open the door to the study and walked in.

“Who are you? Who let you in? Get out!” Hugo barked furiously.

The matter had already escalated beyond Hugo’s control. And in fact, he even felt a strong sense of crisis.

The stranger didn’t pay attention to Hugo and instead walked straight to Chris, bent low, and bowed. He then took out a document from his briefcase and laid it on the coffee table in front of him respectfully.

“Mr. Douglas Senior, this is the will that I have prepared according to your instructions. I have already verified that everything has been signed by you. Now, you only need to have to sign the last page with your thumbprint,” the stranger said to Hugo.

Hugo widened his eyes in disbelief. Immediately afterward, he flew into a rage. “Bastard! Since when did I ever make a will? When did I ever verify it with my signature? This is all just tricks you’re playing! This will doesn’t belong to me! It has no legal effect at all!”

“I’m going to go look for someone. This document is fabricated. It doesn’t count! I’m going to kick you out of the family, you bastard!” Hugo began to panic.

His unfilial son had already brought out a fabricated will. Who knows what he might do next? Hugo was bent on immediately leaving to look for security and the other family members to kick him out!

At this moment, there was a loud thump on the back of Hugo’s head.

Hugo slowly turned around and saw that Chris had smashed his head with an ashtray. His lips were trembling, but he couldn’t even utter a single word. Afterward, Hugo slowly began crumbling forward.

Chris walked to Hugo’s side, squatted down, and said softly, “You can now go and reunite with your precious son and grandson. Don’t worry. I’ll politely accept the entire Douglas family.”

Hugo’s throat moved a few times, but he still couldn’t say a single word in the end. His pupils dilated as blood flowed out from the back of his head, forming a huge pool of blood on the ground.

“Oh no! Someone, come here! Dad accidentally slipped and fell! Hurry and call an ambulance!” Chris began yelling anxiously in the study.

The Douglases were in chaos again.

Soon, the Douglases, which had just held two funerals, held their third one.

Within a short span of a few days, three significant figures of the family died, one after another.

The news took all of Orange County by storm.

Countless people were privately discussing the Douglas family’s successive deaths over the past few days, and countless speculations spread throughout the county.

However, at this juncture, Chris had already successfully become the new head of the Douglas family after the funeral ceremony.

As the only living son of Hugo Douglas and holding the will left by him before his demise, coupled with the public statements he made about making Chris Douglas the successor, Chris Douglas was able to take over the position as the head of the family smoothly and successfully. No one raised any doubts.

The changes in the Douglas family naturally caused a tremendous uproar in the county.

Some people who had been harmed by the Douglases, such as Charlotte, were stunned upon hearing the news. Charlotte sneered. “Hah, this is karma! The Douglases committed too many disgusting misdeeds, and now Heaven won’t spare them either. All three of them have dropped dead!”

...

In the Carter main residence, after Dominic heard the news and felt astonished, he gave it some careful thought. He then grinned merrily and quickly called his granddaughter Scarlet Wright over.

“Scarlet, have you heard about what happened to the Douglases?” Hugo Douglas asked.

Scarlet nodded. “Yes, they’re just out of luck! But that has nothing to do with us, right?”

“Haha, silly child.” Dominic rubbed his hands happily. “Think about it. The Douglases specially came to apologize to Mr. Brooke, but they mistakenly apologized to that scoundrel Lucas Gray instead. Next, their family members died one after another. Haven’t you figured out the key point?”

Feeling puzzled, Scarlet thought about it for a while before coming to a sudden realization. “Grandpa, I understand! It must be because they offended Mr. Brooke!”

“Shh! Keep your voice down. Just keep it to yourself, and make sure you don’t tell anyone about it, lest you bring trouble to Mr. Brooke. Understood?” Dominic instructed sternly.

With glistening eyes, Scarlet covered her mouth and nodded repeatedly. “Yes! Don’t worry, Grandpa! I will definitely keep my lips sealed and not cause trouble for Aston!”

“Speaking of which, how are you and him progressing? Are you confident?” Dominic asked.

At the mention of this, Scarlet began to look uneasy. She had been accompanying Aston for the past few days. Aston was physically attractive and a good sweet-talker as well. They had long advanced to home run.

Hearing her grandfather’s question at this moment, Scarlet blushed and said smugly, “Don’t worry, Grandpa. We... are progressing well. He promised to discuss our marriage with his elders when he returns to LA after some time.”

“Hahahaha, not bad, not bad! You’re indeed worthy of being my granddaughter. Impressive!” Dominic was overjoyed as he clapped his hands. “Scarlet, you must hold on tight to Aston. Once you’re married, you’ll be the most prestigious lady of a wealthy family, and the Carters will rise to the peak again thanks to them. We will become your most reliable maiden home!”

...

Meanwhile, Cheyenne was still feeling uneasy and full of mixed emotions after hearing about the deaths of the Douglases!





Chapter 85: Cheyenne Gets Hit




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Within a few days, all three members of the Douglas family’s direct line of succession died.

To the world at large, Brad and Gordon Douglas had passed away because of health complications caused by their infected injuries, while Hugo Douglas fell down at home because he was too grief-stricken and knocked the back of his head, thereby unfortunately passing away.

However, many didn’t believe this.

Cheyenne didn’t believe it either, especially since a conflict had just broken out between Lucas and the Douglases because of Charlotte and her just a few days ago. Yet they died a few days later.

This made it hard for Cheyenne to believe that this really had nothing to do with Lucas.

Thus, she was feeling extremely complicated. On the one hand, she didn’t want to believe that Lucas would be ruthless enough to kill them for the sake of revenge. But on the other hand, the facts left her with no choice but to doubt him.

So when Lucas came to pick her up from work at the entrance of the Brilliance Corporation office, Cheyenne decided to voice her doubts, as she couldn’t endure the torment in her heart. “Did you cause the deaths of the Douglases?”

When Lucas heard this, his hand stiffened. Then he drove to the roadside to pull over and stepped on the brakes.

“Cheyenne, are you suspecting that I killed those people?” Lucas asked bitterly.

Cheyenne bit her lips. “I don’t want to suspect you either. But you did have a conflict with the Douglases because of what happened to me and Charlotte. Moreover, I haven’t heard of them offending anyone lately apart from you. I know you definitely are capable of doing this, but I don’t want you to go too far and commit such illegal acts.”

He smiled bitterly. “Am I an immoral devil who kills others without feeling anything in your eyes?”

Pinching her palm, Cheyenne looked at Lucas. “Does that mean that their deaths really have nothing to do with you?”

He looked into her eyes solemnly and nodded. “I do have the ability to kill them, but I wasn’t the one who did this. If I did, I’d admit to my own doings. But since I didn’t, I won’t. The Douglases aren’t worthy of my intervention.”

Cheyenne realized that she had indeed misunderstood him.

Since Lucas had the ability to destroy the Douglas family at any time, there was indeed no need for him to take their lives.

“I’m sorry. I-I was just worried that you did something impulsive...” she apologized. After all, anyone would be displeased to be suspected of being a murderer.

“It’s okay. I understand. Don’t worry.” Lucas nodded, well aware of what she was worried about. She was just afraid that he might step on the wrong path of no return and didn’t want Amelia to have such a terrifying father.

However, her concerns were completely unnecessary because he was extremely clear what his bottom line was. Besides, he wouldn’t dirty his hands easily.

After hearing what Lucas said, Cheyenne finally felt relieved.

...

The following morning, Cheyenne went to work. As soon as she entered her office, Jane Harper walked over and threw a pile of documents onto her desk before she could even turn on her computer. Jane ended up knocking over Cheyenne’s cup, but fortunately, there was no water in it.

“Convert the data in these documents into tables and statistical reports. Make two sets of slides. I need them for the meeting at nine-thirty later,” Jane ordered while frowning in annoyance.

Cheyenne sorted out the documents scattered all over the desk. There were about fifty documents, which cumulatively were half the thickness of a dictionary. She flipped through them, only to see that there were all sorts of data tables and some scribbling on them.

Cheyenne subconsciously frowned.

It was nearly 8:30, only an hour before the meeting.

The thick stack of documents would require a long time to process, and she even had to consolidate them into a single data table and then turn them into presentation slides. Putting the data into tables alone would require at least two days.

Getting all of it done in an hour was an absolutely impossible task!

“Ms. Harper, the time is too tight. I’m afraid I won’t be able to get it ready in time. Do you have the original digital spreadsheets of this information? If you do...”

Before Cheyenne could finish, Jane snapped hostilely, “Are you a good-for-nothing? I can’t even get you to do a simple task. Can’t get it ready in time? Do you come to the office every day just to muddle through? You should have been fired long ago!”

Cheyenne took a deep breath and forcibly suppressed the anger welling up in her chest.

Jane Harper was clearly making things difficult for her on purpose!

It wasn’t the first time either.

From the day Cheyenne rejoined the Brilliance Corporation and started working from the bottom, Jane had already requested to transfer Cheyenne over to her department.

Initially, Cheyenne thought that she was just being grateful and trying to take care of her.

When Cheyenne was still in the Brilliance Corporation as the chairman of the board of directors, Jane was just an ordinary fresh graduate. Due to her humble family background and the fact that Cheyenne saw her getting bullied on several occasions in the office, Cheyenne took pity on her and made an exception to promote her to her personal assistant.

Although she took on the role of an ordinary assistant, being the assistant of the company’s chairman meant that she was treated completely differently from ordinary assistants. Thus, with Cheyenne’s help, Jane propelled to a high position, and her status and salary skyrocketed too, making many envious.

However, after the Carters took away the Brilliance Corporation from Cheyenne later, Jane did not talk to her much when she saw her around and even avoided her.

Cheyenne thought that Jane was just worried that she might be implicated and offend the Carters if they saw her talking to her.

However, Cheyenne never thought that Jane would ask to have her transferred to her department just so she could torture her every day by giving her arduous tasks that were impossible to finish. She reprimanded Cheyenne all the time and was actually the one who forced her to go to Heaven Media by threatening to have fired.

By giving Cheyenne such a thick stack of documents and a Herculean task that was impossible to finish, Jane was also deliberately trying to humiliate her and make things difficult.

At the thought of this, Cheyenne no longer wanted to try to complete the task. She looked at Jane and said, “Ms. Harper, I don’t think I’ve ever treated you poorly in the past. Why do you have to torture me intentionally like this?”

Cheyenne thought she was communicating calmly. But to her surprise, as soon as she finished speaking, Jane suddenly raised her hand and slapped her across the face with all her might!

Smack!





Chapter 86: Jane Harper’s Death




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Jane’s merciless slap landed hard on Cheyenne’s face, making her cock her head toward the side. And soon, Cheyenne’s entire cheek became swollen.

This loud slap stunned everyone in the office, and they all stopped what they were doing and looked over.

“Hmph, I was clearly just briefing you on the tasks you have to do as per normal, but you said I’m intentionally torturing you? I’ll let you feel what it’s like to be tortured. Do you understand now?” Jane Harper stared at Cheyenne arrogantly with a smug expression on her made-up face.

“Tell me yourself. Since you came to work under me, how many tasks have you completed? You hand them to me late every single time. How much of my time did you waste?

“When I sent you to negotiate with the Douglases previously, it was already a sure bet, yet you messed things up. You’re so useless!

“Today, I asked you to make data tables and slides. Is this very difficult? Anyone can do such a simple task, and yet you’re being so adamant about complaining that you can’t finish it. Are you much more noble than others?

“Hmph, Cheyenne Carter, do you think you are still the same high and mighty chairman of the board? Wake up. You’re just a lowly staff. If you can’t even do such a simple thing, you can get lost! The Brilliance Corporation won’t feed someone useless like you!”

Jane’s voice was very loud as she reprimanded Cheyenne incessantly, causing the other staff from other departments to look over.

If they only heard her accusations, those who didn’t know what really happened would definitely think that Cheyenne’s incompetence was why she failed to complete such a simple task and think that she was deliberately trying to stall for time.

However, none of them knew how arduous these so-called simple tasks that Jane handed to Cheyenne every day really were. During this period of time, Cheyenne had been spending her nights doing work at home until midnight just so she could complete these tasks and hand them to her the following morning.

However, even then, Jane still accused her of deliberately procrastinating and handing them to her late.

Jane was obviously making things difficult for Cheyenne, and she even slapped her. Yet she twisted facts and spoke with so much gusto that the people in other departments felt that she had every right to reprimand Cheyenne. They thought no one would want a lousy employee like Cheyenne, who was incompetent yet sly, lazy, and often slacked off.

As for some employees in this department, they were naturally clearer about the details. However, Cheyenne Carter was merely a junior employee, while Jane Harper was a deputy manager of the business department. Naturally, no one would want to stand up for Cheyenne and end up offending Jane.

Cheyenne covered her flushed face while her heart was full of anger and grievances. She clenched her fists tightly.

“Are you still not convinced? Hmph, forget it. Since you can’t even do a simple task like drawing up a table, go and pour me a cup of hot water and bring it to my office. Don’t tell me that you can’t even pour a cup of water! What are you waiting for? Get to it now!” Jane hollered sternly.

Her face red and swollen, Cheyenne clenched her teeth. Then she went to the office pantry and brought a cup of hot water over.

The water Cheyenne poured was not pure boiling hot water but lukewarm water that was just right for drinking.

When Cheyenne returned with this cup of water, she heard some people in the office gathered around Jane sucking up to her.

“Ms. Harper, you’re so impressive. You’re so young, and you managed to become a deputy manager. You’re so young and pretty, and you’re really capable too. I’m so envious!”

“That’s right! Ms. Harper is so much better than that bitch Cheyenne Carter! If not for the fact that she had the support of the Carters previously, she wouldn’t be fit to carry Ms. Harper’s shoes!”

“Ms. Harper, your skin is so good. How do you take care of your skin? You look so much better than other girls in their twenties! My sister went abroad on a business trip and brought me a set of skincare products, but I don’t use them at all. Why don’t you try it out for me?”

“Haha, how can I accept it?” Jane said. However, she grabbed the gift bag of skincare products. When she saw the large stack of money in it, her smile became even more radiant.

“The Grange Corporation’s project is not too bad. I will let you be in charge of it,” Jane said to the young woman who gave her the gift.

The young woman was instantly overjoyed and thanked her repeatedly. The project with the Grange Corporation had a huge profit margin, and she pondered for a long time but couldn’t figure out why it didn’t get accepted. Under the guidance of others, she finally understood the trick.

Indeed, after she sent a gift package worth more than ten thousand dollars, she managed to clinch the project!

Although she felt the pinch of giving such a hefty gift, she would be able to recoup her losses soon if she managed the project well.

The young woman was on cloud nine. The others looked at this scene with envy and jealousy while thinking about the profitable projects that they could work hard on.

Cheyenne was outside and could not see what was inside the gift bag. But she felt that Jane’s behavior was very inappropriate.

However, she couldn’t say anything. As long as the young female colleague insisted that it was a normal gift between women, no one could find an issue with it.

“Ms. Harper, here’s the water you wanted.” Cheyenne handed the glass of water to Jane.

“Okay.” Jane Harper glared at Cheyenne indifferently. Then she grabbed the glass of water and took a sip.

Before the water touched her lips, Jane Harper’s face turned furious, and she splashed the water at Cheyenne’s face. “How can I drink such hot water? Are you trying to scald me?!”

Cheyenne took a step back, and the water missed her face but splashed onto her clothes. Water dripped down, and she looked extremely distressed.

Fortunately, Cheyenne had added some cold water. Had the hot water scalded her, she would have definitely suffered severe burns!

Even if Cheyenne had a good temper, she couldn’t tolerate it now. “Jane Harper, I’ve had enough of your nitpicking! If the water were really hot, weren’t you worried that it would have scalded me?”

“Hmph, did you get scalded?” Jane Harper raised her head disdainfully. “Cheyenne, you’re used to being a pampered heiress, aren’t you? You couldn’t even get a glass of water properly. You’re a good-for-nothing! How dare you call me by my full name? Are you sick of your job? Go to the HR department and submit your letter of resignation. I won’t stop you!”

Cheyenne looked at Jane coldly. “Do you think you can order me around and bully me however you want just because you’re my manager?”





Chapter 87: Super Promotion




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Cheyenne’s face turned sullen, and her aura became austere, instantly reminding Jane of the time when she was just a fresh graduate and was full of awe toward Cheyenne. She had even developed a sense of inferiority then.

However, Jane soon got rid of this feeling. She was now a deputy manager at the Brilliance Corporation, while Cheyenne was just a junior employee subordinate to her. Cheyenne was at her beck and call.

Jane looked at Cheyenne with contempt. “Yes! Do you still think that you’re the lofty chairman you used to be and that I’m still your assistant? Now, I’m your manager, and you have to do whatever I tell you. You have to bear with all the scoldings and beatings that I give!

“I know you still harbor thoughts of going back to the management level and climbing to the top of the Brilliance Corporation, but those are merely your delusions!

“I’m telling you, as long as I’m here, you will never get a chance to be promoted. You will stay at the bottom as an ordinary employee for the rest of your life, and you will never be able to climb up again!”

Jane hollered at Cheyenne with a menacing expression. She was furious and envious of her!

How could Cheyenne Carter be so lucky as to be born into a wealthy family and have such a beautiful face? She even became the chairman of the company at such a young age and possessed everything that everyone is envious of.

Why did I have to be so lowly and inferior in front of her while she did me favors and bestowed kindness?

Now, Cheyenne Carter has finally fallen from her pedestal and become far worse than me. I, Jane Harper, will step all over her and never give her the chance to climb up again!

Cheyenne found it really ironic. Jane was now a deputy manager, but she managed to get to that position because of Cheyenne’s help. Yet Jane was now throwing her weight around and putting on airs in front of her. She even swore to condemn Cheyenne and undermine her!

In that case, all her previous thoughts were just overly naive and righteous.

Thinking of this, Cheyenne took a deep breath and glanced at Jane coldly. “Is that so? Keep your eyes wide open. I hope you will never regret it!”

After saying this, Cheyenne stopped looking at Jane and the others in the office, who had peculiar expressions. She headed straight to the washroom to change out of her wet clothes.

...

Soon, everything that happened in the business department office was reported in detail.

Flynn Davis didn’t dare to be negligent when it came to Cheyenne’s affairs. He not only sent someone to pay attention to Cheyenne’s actions in the company but also reported these matters to Lucas as soon as possible.

When Lucas heard that Jane had openly humiliated Cheyenne, slapped her, and even splashed hot water on her in front of everyone at the office, an icy-cold gaze appeared in his eyes, and he was on the verge of killing someone. She’s merely a deputy manager of the business department, and yet she has the audacity to insult Cheyenne.

Previously, Jane was the one who forced her to go to Heaven Media to discuss the cooperation with it, but he hadn’t had the time to deal with her yet. Now, she was getting worse!

On the other end of the line, Davis seemed to be able to sense the coldness coming from Lucas. He was so nervous that he didn’t dare to breathe deeply at all.

“Conduct a thorough investigation on Jane Harper. Since she has received bribes openly in the office, she definitely can’t be clean. Find out all the dirty deeds that she has done over the years, sort out the evidence, and report her to the police,” Lucas said coldly.

“Yes, Mr. Gray! I’ll send someone to check it out right away, and I’ll make sure to do a careful job!” Davis hurriedly answered.

At this moment, a text message was sent to Lucas’s phone. It was from Cheyenne.

Lucas hurriedly opened it and smirked after reading the content clearly. This silly girl has finally figured it out.

Before ending the call with Davis, Lucas ordered, “I want to make Cheyenne the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation. Go draft the official documents now and announce it before noon. I want everyone in the Brilliance Corporation to hear it!”

Davis was astonished, but he immediately answered, “Yes, Mr. Gray! I’ll get to it immediately!”

He was shocked naturally because he knew that Cheyenne had previously rejected Lucas’s proposal to directly make her the chairman of the Brilliance Corporation, as she wanted to start from scratch. However, he was also clear about what Jane had just said. Now, Cheyenne’s choice was the most appropriate approach.

“Get someone to spread the word and say that the company is likely to promote Jane Harper to the position of the director of the business department.”

“Um...” Davis was a little confused why Lucas wanted to promote someone like Jane Harper, but he quickly figured it out and wanted to curse himself for being so silly.

Since Jane had the audacity to bully Cheyenne, how could Lucas still promote her? By releasing the news, he just wanted her to become conceited. The higher she stood, the harder she would fall!

“Okay, I understand, Mr. Gray!” Davis acknowledged and proceeded to get to it.

Lucas sat on the couch and looked at the message Cheyenne sent on the screen. “Can I be the general manager?” He felt heartache, but he was heartened too. This silly girl has finally decided to depend on me.

...

Soon, an assistant of the HR department rushed to the office of the business department and said to Jane smilingly, “I specially came back to congratulate you. Ms. Harper, you’ll be promoted soon!”

Hearing this, Jane was overjoyed, and she frantically asked, “Really? Am I really going to be promoted? I’m going to be appointed manager?”

She had been in the position of deputy manager for some time, and her former boss, a Carter, had already been given the sack some time ago. Jane thought that the position would naturally be given to her. To her surprise, she finally received the news after such a long time!

Jane smiled, and the employees around her were also about to congratulate her on her promotion. But the HR assistant shook her head. “No, you’re not going to be promoted to a manager.”

Jane Harper froze, and everyone around her was at a loss for words. Since it was a promotion, how could it not be to a manager?

“Congratulations, Ms. Harper. You’ll soon become the director of the business department!” the HR assistant exclaimed, panting heavily.

Jane Harper was overwhelmed with joy, as if she had won the lottery!

Being promoted from a deputy manager to a department director was a super promotion!





Chapter 88: New General Manager




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Jane was incredibly excited about soon becoming a director, so much so that she was at a loss for what to say.

“Wow. Congratulations, Ms. Harper!”

“Congratulations, Ms. Harper. You are going to be promoted to director! In our company, you’re the only one who could become a director at such a young age!”

“Ms. Harper, please take care of us in the future!”

“Let’s treat Ms. Harper to dinner tonight to celebrate her promotion!”

...

The staff of the business department all gathered around Jane and praised her incessantly.

Jane Harper was brimming with joy, and she couldn’t hide her smugness.

“Tonight, I’ll treat you all to dinner. Let’s book two private rooms at Lion Restaurant. I’d like to thank you all for the trust you’ve had in me and for taking care of me all this while! In the future, we will also continue to work together to make our business department expand and become stronger!”

Although the official promotion appointment letter hadn’t been released yet, Jane was already full of vigor and had the demeanor of a leader.

When they heard that Jane intended to treat them to dinner at Lion Restaurant, all the colleagues began cheering gleefully. “Ms. Harper, you’re so generous!”

“We definitely won’t lose out by working under Ms. Harper!”

At this moment, Cheyenne, who had just changed into a clean set of clothes, entered.

Jane pointed at Cheyenne. “Let’s all go to the Lion tonight, but this person is not welcome.”

As soon as they heard her words, everyone looked at Cheyenne gloatingly.

Jane was now about to be promoted to the director of the business department, while Cheyenne was still just a junior employee.

If they ended up offending Jane Harper, there would definitely be severe consequences.

Cheyenne Carter is going to have a hard time from now on.

Well, unless she leaves the company after realizing that she can’t stand it anymore...

They were all pragmatic people. Seeing how much Jane detested Cheyenne, so much so that she wouldn’t even let Cheyenne take a few days off, no one wanted to take the risk of offending her. Thus, they simply undermined Cheyenne.

“Hmph, even I feel disgusted by Cheyenne Carter’s pretentiousness, let alone Ms. Harper!”

“Exactly! Whenever Ms. Harper orders her to do something, she procrastinates and gives all sorts of excuses for her failure to complete it. Ms. Harper is too kind. If it were me, I would have already fired her!”

“She acts like an heiress just because she used to be family with the Carters! The Brilliance Corporation has long been taken away from her, and she’s not even part of the Carter family anymore since they’ve already chased her out. She’s all alone now. I wonder what dirty tricks she’s using!”

“Hmph, Ms. Harper is right! Tonight is a celebratory dinner for your promotion to director. How could we let someone come and ruin the atmosphere?”

...

Cheyenne’s face turned gloomy. Jane Harper is actually going to be promoted to the director of the business department?

This was something she was unaware of.

However, Cheyenne was not worried at all because she knew that the owner of the Brilliance Corporation was Lucas. And she reckoned that he should be aware of the things that Jane had been doing. He was probably just giving her a false sense of joy.

Cheyenne wasn’t interested in the celebratory party either. Even if Jane invited her, she wouldn’t go.

She was just disappointed that the business department that she had single-handedly developed had already changed drastically after six years of poor management by the Carters.

The majority of the people still here were all bootlickers.

Facing this group of people lashing out at her with harsh and malicious remarks because of Jane, Cheyenne looked at them coldly and humphed. “I hope you will have an enjoyable celebration banquet tonight.”

“Hah, are you being sour because Ms. Harper didn’t invite you?”

“Hahaha. We’re going to an expensive restaurant for a meal tonight thanks to Ms. Harper, while Cheyenne can only go home and cook for her loser husband! Hahahaha!”

“Hahahaha. I forgot Cheyenne Carter had a loser husband! But now that she has been kicked out by the Carters, she might also be chased out by the company. By then, I wonder if her loser husband will still want her!”

“Hahaha, yes, exactly. After all, he just sponges off her. Once Cheyenne stops providing for him, I wonder what’s going to happen to them!”

...

They started insulting her one after another.

In the past, Cheyenne might still feel embarrassed. But now, she just felt that they were a bunch of clowns.

Without saying anything, she turned around and left to prepare for her future plans after becoming the general manager.

Initially, Cheyenne had turned down Lucas’s offer to hand over the Brilliance Corporation directly to her and wanted to climb up the ladder with her own efforts so that others would be convinced that she truly had what it takes.

However, everything that happened made Cheyenne understand that even if she was outstanding and hardworking, she would never be able to advance because of Jane Harper.

Cheyenne had also figured something out.

Her ultimate goal was to take back the Brilliance Corporation and purge all the bad practices and unscrupulous employees. She wanted the Brilliance Corporation to become healthy and full of vigor, restoring it to what it used to be.

Trying to gain the recognition of others was not the right thing to do.

As long as Lucas approved of her and she had the ability to improve the Brilliance Corporation, that would be enough.

Soon, before noon, a shocking piece of news spread to the ears of every employee of the Brilliance Corporation.

A new general manager had already been appointed and would be arriving at the office in the afternoon. At that time, all the employees of the Brilliance Corporation, except those who were out of town on business trips, would have to go to the first floor of the office to meet the new general manager!

Once the news came out, countless people began to talk about it.

Since the Brilliance Corporation was taken away by the Stardust Corporation more than ten days ago, the former general manager, Bryce Carter, was kicked out, and the remaining Carters were also sacked. Thus, there were many vacant positions.

However, except for the temporary assignment of the deputy general manager to take care of the company affairs, no other vacant positions had been filled.

In particular, the top position of general manager had been vacant for a long time. Many people had also been guessing if someone would be transferred over to fill the position or if a staff of the Brilliance Corporation would be promoted.

To be honest, they would prefer an internal selection within the Brilliance Corporation so that everyone would have a fair chance. Besides, they were all old acquaintances, and there would be more room for discussion.

“Have you heard? Who is the general manager this time? Is it someone from elsewhere or someone from our company?” someone asked.





Chapter 89: Jane Harper’s Dreams




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Who knows? I asked the HR department, and they all said they received an order from the higher-ups not to spread the word. They only said that we’ll know in the afternoon.”

“So, it’s pretty confidential, huh?”

Jane was also part of the gossiping team.

She had just received the news today that she would be promoted to a director and that the newly appointed general manager would be coming soon. Thus, she had to do her best to leave a good impression on the new general manager to get into his good books. It’ll be best if the new general manager is a young and handsome bachelor!

Jane believed that with her competence and beauty, she might be able to marry the general manager in the future if she could win his favor!

That would be much more powerful than the authority she would have as the director of the business department!

Jane imagined how much power she would enjoy after she married the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation and how everyone would have to bow down to her. If she were good at convincing him, the Brilliance Corporation would be in her control!

By then, Cheyenne Carter would be nothing!

Jane was overjoyed, and when she turned around to look at Cheyenne, who was typing on her computer in the corner, she suddenly felt a strong sense of superiority. So what if the Brilliance Corporation used to belong to you? Soon, it will become mine!

As she thought of this, an arrogant expression appeared on her face, and she strutted smugly toward Cheyenne’s desk in her heels. She raised her hand and unplugged the cable connected to Cheyenne’s computer.

Cheyenne had just completed some project proposals and personnel transfer files and uploaded them to her cloud drive. However, she hadn’t finished some spreadsheets yet, but the computer screen suddenly went black.

She looked up to see Jane standing in front of her with an arrogant and condescending expression, holding the power plug in her hand. A few ill-intentioned staff out to watch a good show surrounded them.

“What are you doing?” Cheyenne frowned and looked at Jane, who had obviously unplugged the power cord on purpose.

“Watch your tone with Ms. Harper!” Before Jane could say anything, a person with heavy makeup intervened and was eager to teach Cheyenne a lesson.

Cheyenne didn’t even bother paying attention to such a person and simply stared at Jane to see what tricks she was playing.

“Tsk, I don’t even know what you’re pretending to be busy for. The new general manager will be here soon. Did you know?” Jane Harper said leisurely after dropping the power cord.

“And?” Cheyenne asked, leaning back against her chair.

Seeing how unconcerned and nonchalant Cheyenne was, Jane was furious. Why does this woman always act as if she is so high and mighty?

Jane decided that she didn’t want to fire Cheyenne so soon. She wanted to keep her around so that she could make her watch her become the wife of the general manager and take away the Brilliance Corporation!

“What are you pretending for? Who doesn’t know that you were the chairman of the Brilliance Corporation in the past, but the Carters took it away from you later? You were then given a powerless junior position, and you even competed with Bryce Carter for the position of general manager. But unfortunately, that old man would rather choose that wastrel Bryce than make you the general manager.

“You must be disappointed, huh? There’s going to be someone else taking the position of general manager. Does that make you sadder?” Jane Harper said with a smile, deliberately out to upset Cheyenne.

“Ah, poor you! You used to be the high and mighty chairman of the board, but now you can only huddle in a corner of this office. You must be terrified, aren’t you?”

“Hahaha! Certain people just get better and better the higher they climb, while the lives of some just get worse with time. This is life!”

“I really advise certain people to recognize their own abilities sooner and know where they stand, lest they keep on dreaming!”

“Exactly! She got driven out by her family and even married a loser husband. She’s stuck with her burdensome daughter too, so she will never make a comeback!”

...

Cheyenne looked at the hideous faces around her coldly without many emotions.

Soon, these scumbags who just liked to suck up to powerful people would be driven out of the Brilliance Corporation.

At about three in the afternoon, a gray Mercedes-Benz commercial car pulled over at the Brilliance Corporation office entrance, and a refined middle-aged man got down from the backseat. He was James Denning, Flynn Davis’s secretary, who often followed him around.

The deputy general manager of the Brilliance Corporation, Lawrence Cayman, had long been standing at the door. He immediately walked toward the car. “Mr. Denning, you’re here.”

“Hello, Mr. Cayman.” Denning stretched his hand out to shake Cayman’s hand.

After an exchange of pleasantries, Denning asked, “Have they been notified?”

“Yes, they were all notified in the morning. We’re just waiting for you to announce it.”

He had naturally been notified of the arrangements in the morning since he was the interim deputy general manager. However, he didn’t dare to tell outsiders.

Who could have guessed that the person who would become the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation would be that someone?

As Denning arrived, all the staff in the Brilliance Corporation immediately put down what they were doing and hurried to the large conference room on the third floor, which could accommodate more than a thousand people.

Ever since they received the notice this morning, the administration department had already set up the large conference room. All the management staff had been arranged seats according to their position and status in the front row of the conference room. And the other employees sat at the back according to their departments.

Jane hesitated for a moment but soon sat on a seat in the first row.

Her official appointment letter had yet to be issued, so she was technically still a deputy manager for now and wasn’t qualified to sit in the first row.

However, she thought that since her promotion was already a sure bet, a moment sooner or later would make no difference.

Besides, Jane thought that she would only be able to leave a good impression on the new general manager and impress him with her good looks by sitting in the first row.

Seeing Jane Harper sitting in the first row of seats reserved for those in upper management positions, several other directors next to her frowned in puzzlement. But they didn’t end up saying anything.

Now, there were already two people on the podium in front.

One was Lawrence Cayman, the Brilliance Corporation’s interim deputy general manager, and the other was James Denning, the secretary who was transferred over from the Stardust Corporation.

The seat with the ‘General Manager’ nameplate was still vacant.

Who could the mysterious general manager be?

Everyone was eager to find out!





Chapter 90: Cheyenne Gets Promoted




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Soon, the meeting officially began.

The deputy general manager, Lawrence Cayman, first made a simple statement before saying, “I’m sure all of you here have already heard of the news of the new general manager of the Brilliance Corporation. Now, let’s have Mr. James Denning of headquarters announce the appointment of the new general manager. Everyone, let’s give him a round of applause!”

Clap! Clap!

After the warm applause, Denning picked up the appointment letter and read it aloud solemnly. “Miss Carter is hereby appointed as the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation. She will be responsible for handling all the daily affairs of the Brilliance Corporation for a term of ten years!

“The terms in this letter have been approved by the head office, the Stardust Corporation, after the relevant procedures. It shall take effect immediately from the date of its reading.

“May I invite the new general manager, Miss Cheyenne Carter, to the stage to deliver a speech for everyone!”

As soon as Denning said this, everyone subconsciously began applauding.

However, everyone below the stage had bewilderment and shock written all over their faces.

The new general manager is Cheyenne Carter?

The Cheyenne Carter we know?

But isn’t Cheyenne Carter already down and out? Why did she suddenly become the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation?

If it isn’t her, could it be someone else with the same name? But this name isn’t common.

Compared to other people’s bewilderment and shock, Jane, who was sitting in the first row, was simply dumbfounded and astounded!

She couldn’t believe that Cheyenne Carter would actually become the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation all of a sudden!

Something must have gone wrong!

“Impossible... It must be someone else with the same name... It must be someone else...” Jane muttered softly while clenching her fists tightly. She then looked at the podium anxiously.

The crisp and clear sounds of high heels knocking against the ground sounded from behind the podium.

Subsequently, under the gaze of countless people, Cheyenne, dressed in an elite business suit, slowly made her way to the podium in an elegant and dignified gait. She then walked to the empty seat in the middle and sat down.

The gold ‘General Manager’ nameplate in front of Cheyenne was glistening under the light.

At this point, Jane could no longer deceive herself.

The new general manager that she had been eagerly waiting to see was actually Cheyenne Carter!

Layers of cold sweat surged out of her body. She was shivering all over, and her body was quivering incessantly.

She even sat in the first row of seats for those with upper management positions. Every time she looked up, she could see Cheyenne’s solemn gaze, and it was as though Cheyenne was glaring daggers at her and exposing her to the public.

At this moment, Jane felt humiliated and endless remorse.

However, Cheyenne did not even look at Jane once.

She sat in the general manager seat on the podium and spoke with a calm expression and tone. She made some brief statements about the current situation and the future development direction of the company.

After all, Cheyenne had single-handedly developed the Brilliance Corporation, and now that she became the general manager again, she feared nothing at all. Her speech was clear, and she was eloquent, professional, elegant, composed, and sophisticated. The people below all recalled the way she used to be when she was the CEO.

As for Jane, she had been sweating profusely below the stage, causing all her makeup to be smudged. She was too flustered to notice what Cheyenne was saying.

“Okay, this is the end of today’s meeting. I hope we will all strive to make the Brilliance Corporation better under Miss Carter’s lead!”

With Cayman’s closing speech, everyone applauded loudly, and Jane finally returned to her senses.

Seeing Cheyenne stand up and walk toward the conference room exit accompanied by Cayman and Denning, Jane hurriedly wiped a handful of cold sweat from her face and ran after her. “Miss Carter, please wait!”

Countless people below the stage were watching with their eyes wide open, waiting to see what Jane would say to Cheyenne.

After all, Jane despised Cheyenne, and almost everyone in the company knew this, especially since many had witnessed the scolding in the morning.

With an icy-cold gaze, Cheyenne looked at Jane scurrying toward her with her eyeliner and makeup all smudged. There was no derision in her eyes or the thrill of having taken revenge. There was nothing but extreme indifference. “What’s the matter?”

“Um... Miss Carter, we were planning to hold a promotion celebration for me at Lion Restaurant this afternoon, weren’t we? I’d like to invite you to come to tonight’s dinner to congratulate you on becoming the general manager of our Brilliance Corporation!” Jane Harper smiled brightly, as if all those things that happened between her and Cheyenne didn’t exist.

Cheyenne had to admit that she had a high EQ, or rather, she was extremely thick-skinned.

Jane also extended her invitation to Cayman and Denning. “It’s rare for all the leaders to be here. I wonder if you will allow me the honor to have dinner with you.”

Jane deliberately made a playful action that she thought was charming, but she had no idea that she looked extremely revolting with her smudged makeup.

Cheyenne sneered. “How can I qualify to attend your promotion celebration party? I still have to go home to accompany my loser husband, lest he abandons me!”

These were the sarcastic remarks that Jane mocked Cheyenne with earlier. And now that Cheyenne was using them against her, Jane’s face stiffened, and she grew speechless.

Denning frowned and stayed silent. He didn’t know the woman in front of him, but he reckoned that she should have offended Cheyenne Carter, so he wasn’t kind to her at all.

Cayman also frowned as he grasped the main point in Jane’s words. “What promotion?”

As the interim deputy general manager of the Brilliance Corporation, he was naturally very familiar with the recent personnel transfers, and he knew that Jane Harper was a deputy manager in the business department.

Jane ruffled her hair and hurriedly laughed. “Well, the company is going to promote me to the director of the business department! I really have to thank Mr. Cayman and Miss Carter for your trust in me!”

Cayman frowned. “You’re just a deputy manager. How could you be promoted straight to director? Also, who told you about the promotion? How come I don’t know?”

Jane was dumbstruck.

Cayman’s words made her heart drop, and she had an ominous hunch.

“Kate... from the HR department... she came to tell me this morning...” Jane stammered.

Cayman sneered. “Are you new to corporate? There wasn’t an appointment letter, but you believed it just because someone said so? You’re so brainless!”

After saying this, Cayman stopped paying attention to Jane and instead hurriedly turned around and quickly caught up with Cheyenne.

Jane was immediately embarrassed. Cayman obviously meant that she wasn’t going to be promoted to director and that there was never a promotion for her!

In an instant, all eyes were on her!





Chapter 91: Arrested




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After being shamed and scolded by the company’s deputy general manager and causing such a huge misunderstanding, Jane felt incredibly embarrassed, and she couldn’t help but turn red and hot.

But at this moment, a clueless colleague hurried over from behind, and she said to Jane deferentially, “Ms. Harper, I’ve just reserved a private room at the Lion for the celebration party tonight. Should we invite Cheyenne... uh, Miss Carter too?”

This colleague’s words were like a sharp knife piercing Jane’s heart once again.

“Hah, what’s there to celebrate? Ms. Harper isn’t getting promoted at all. This is a misunderstanding!”

“Before there was even an official appointment letter of promotion, Ms. Harper happily said that she wanted to treat us to a meal. We thought it was real, but it turns out there’s no such thing at all!”

“I bet it’ll be hard for Ms. Harper to be promoted again now that Miss Carter has become the general manager!”

“Hah, promotion? I bet she won’t be able to stay in the company for long!”

Those who were still sucking up to Jane in the morning had now completely changed their attitudes after seeing that she had no hope of promotion. Meanwhile, Cheyenne Carter, whom she had just severely humiliated in the morning, had become the general manager. They felt that Jane’s good days had come to an end, so they started mocking her instead.

Only by condemning Jane could they make Cheyenne forgive them for their offensive behavior prior to her promotion!

The colleague who gave Jane a set of expensive skincare products and an envelope of money was overwhelmed with regret, and she immediately made Jane return it. “Ms. Harper, sorry, but I suddenly remembered that I was just showing you that set of skincare products this morning. I wasn’t meant to be a gift, so you’d better return it to me!”

Facing the drastic change in the attitudes of her colleagues, Jane’s face turned pale.

The feeling of being surrounded by her colleagues and hearing their snide remarks was something that Cheyenne used to experience all the time. But now, it was Jane’s turn. Cheyenne was pleased.

“Don’t be too arrogant! Even if I’m not being promoted, I’m still a deputy manager and your immediate superior! Are you people sick of your jobs?

“Cheyenne is now our general manager, but I used to be her assistant, and we’re on good terms with each other. We can always bury the hatchet, and I’ll be valued highly by her! Are you people so certain that I won’t be promoted? If I make a comeback one day, I won’t let a single one of you off!” Jane was extremely assertive as she glared at them coldly with narrowed eyes.

When she said that, many people’s hearts began to palpitate while their eyes began to get shifty.

While some of them were regretting their decision to make a stand too soon, a police siren resounded, and a police car pulled over at the Brilliance Corporation office entrance. A few police officers walked out and headed toward Jane.

After showing Jane the warrant and their identification documents, a police officer said sternly, “Are you Ms. Jane Harper? We received a call from your company. You are being charged for abuse of authority for personal gains, embezzlement of company assets, selling confidential intellectual property belonging to the company, and bribery. Please cooperate with our investigation and come with us to the police station!”

The words of the police officer were like a thunderbolt that stunned all the employees speechless, making them stared wide-eyed at the scene.

Jane turned pale and began to lose control of herself.

“No... You are making false accusations! I didn’t do...” Jane Harper denied incoherently. Suddenly, she dashed outside and tried to flee.

However, two police officers soon pressed her to the ground, then handcuffed her and took her away.

After Jane was taken away while crying and the sounds of the police siren vanished, the people around snapped back to their senses and began cursing loudly.

“Oh my god! I didn’t expect Jane Harper to be such a person. She’s done so much evil and is now being taken away by the police. She really deserves it!”

“Hmph, I’ve known for a long time that she isn’t a good person! She tries to coerce us into bribing her all day, and she treats me hostilely like I owe her whenever I don’t bribe her!”

“She’s really brazen too. She’s so ugly, and she tries to take everything she can! She’s the scum of our company!”

“Hah, she even said she would treat us to a meal to celebrate her promotion. Tsk, this is retribution! She only has herself to blame for being so complacent and bullying Cheyenne so badly. She thought she was such a big shot!”

“Yes, exactly!”

...

If Jane were still here now, she probably would have died from being infuriated by these insults and mockery!

The matter of Jane Harper being taken away by the police for further investigation caused an uproar in the Brilliance Corporation and gave many something to talk about.

——

Cheyenne’s promotion to the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation soon spread throughout the city.

Previously, the Brilliance Corporation became the company that many wanted to cooperate with because of its close ties with the Stardust Corporation. Thus, the new general manager of the Brilliance Corporation would naturally attract a ton of attention.

Moreover, Cheyenne was the founder and used to be CEO of the Brilliance Corporation. And now, she had once again risen to the position of general manager. She immediately attracted countless discussions and speculations, causing her to become the talk of the town.

As the former owner of the Brilliance Corporation and the people who kicked Cheyenne and her family out, the Carters naturally received this news very quickly.

In addition to their extreme shock and surprise, the Carters were visibly upset.

“I never thought that that bitch would become the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation! She’s too lucky, huh?”

“Hmph, she must have used some dirty tricks to climb up to that position!”

“Hah, didn’t she collude with Flynn Davis previously to set us up and snatch the Brilliance Corporation back?”

“Now I remember. This must be a scheme they hatched long ago! They planned to first take the Brilliance Corporation away from us before promoting that bitch! So heinous!”

“Damn it, that bitch! Two days ago, she pretentiously came to the Carter Corporation to assert her dominance!”

...

The Carters gathered in the hall were viciously cursing at Cheyenne, making malicious remarks about her out of resentment and jealousy.

Bryce clenched his jaw and grimaced in extreme rage.

He used to be the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation, but Cheyenne Carter had now snatched it away from him!

Bryce looked at his right hand that was in a cast due to her loser husband breaking his wrist.

I, Bryce Carter, swear that I will never let Cheyenne Carter and her husband off!





Chapter 92: The Carters’ Discussion




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, Dominic Carter’s figure appeared in the middle of the hall with his granddaughter Scarlet Wright beside him.

The righteous indignation of the people subsided a little as they stood up respectfully to greet Dominic.

Dominic waved his hand. After sitting down in the middle seat, he looked at the crowd. “Seems like you already know.”

“Yes!” Everyone nodded. Immediately afterward, some impatient family members stood out and exclaimed, “Grandpa, this is so infuriating. What right does that bitch...”

“Shut up!” Dominic coldly interrupted and said in a low voice, “I didn’t call you here to listen to this useless nonsense! The truth now is that Cheyenne Carter has already become the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation. Do you guys have anything to say about this? I want to hear something constructive.”

Dominic’s last sentence made many people who wanted to stand up and express their opinions retreat silently.

Constructive things? What kind of constructive thing can we say?

Surely, he’s not expecting us to go snatch the Brilliance Corporation back from Cheyenne Carter and hand it over to him, right?

“Bryce, tell us what you think,” Dominic suddenly said to Bryce.

Being the first to be named, Bryce raised his head angrily with a resentful look on his face that hadn’t faded yet. “Grandpa, I think there’s definitely something wrong with Cheyenne Carter!”

Dominic Carter frowned. “Tell us what issues there are.”

Bryce stood up. “Previously, Cheyenne Carter and Flynn Davis colluded to snatch the Brilliance Corporation away from us under the pretext of us breaching the contract. I doubt anyone would believe that they weren’t in cahoots.

“In any case, let’s put this matter aside. Let’s talk about the latter matter. All the Carters have been chased out of the Brilliance Corporation, while Cheyenne is the only one left. That’s enough to show that she’s still involved with the C-suites of the Brilliance Corporation, or even the Stardust Corporation.

“According to the information I found out, Cheyenne Carter was slapped hard on her face by Jane Harper, her former assistant and a deputy manager of the business department. She even had hot water splashed onto her, so it’s safe to say she was in a miserable state.”

This was something that Dominic hadn’t heard before.

With glistening eyes, Dominic asked, “What happened later?”

“Later, the Brilliance Corporation allegedly spread the news that there would be a new general manager soon. In the afternoon, Cheyenne was suddenly appointed as the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation, while Jane Harper, who had bullied her, was handcuffed and brought away by the police in front of everyone!”

Bryce’s words were indeed insider news that many of the Carters hadn’t heard before. All of a sudden, they were all ears.

At this moment, Scarlet, who was standing beside Dominic, suddenly spoke up. “I know! This must be because Cheyenne Carter and one of the senior executives of the Stardust Corporation have long been in an illicit relationship, but something happened later. Maybe she disobeyed, so he forced her to comply by bullying her.

“So today, she couldn’t tolerate it any longer and made another deal with that person to regain her position as the general manager. That former assistant who offended her was naturally accused and then arrested!”

Although Scarlet’s imagination was dark and vulgar, it was still somewhat logical. And her words immediately made all the Carters present believe that it was the truth.

Dominic nodded in approval. “It seems the truth is just as Bryce and Scarlet have said. However, no matter what means Cheyenne used to rise to the top, she is now the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation, and we can’t let go of this opportunity for nothing. As long as she is still carrying our last name, she must make some contribution to the Carters.”

Everyone seemed to approve, and they immediately found it a pity that Dominic had kicked Cheyenne and her family out previously.

Otherwise, they would have been able to directly ask Cheyenne to return the Brilliance Corporation to the Carters.

Even if the Stardust Group didn’t allow it, they would still be able to get the Brilliance Corporation from her and let Cheyenne be the general manager in name.

Unfortunately, Cheyenne was no longer a member of the Carter family, so she definitely wouldn’t be that obedient and compliant.

The Carters sighed in their hearts.

Dominic looked at Bryce. “Bryce, when Cheyenne came over a few days ago, didn’t she say she wanted to cooperate with the Carters on behalf of the Brilliance Corporation? Now that she has become the general manager herself, she must hold greater authority. Go look for her and talk to her about our cooperation with the Brookes.”

“Me?” Bryce was stunned. But he immediately raised his arm in the cast and rejected, “No, Grandpa. Cheyenne hates me to the core. If I go to her, she’ll definitely treat me harshly!”

Dominic’s face turned dark. “Does your pride matter more than the family’s future? Speaking of which, if it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have disowned Cheyenne and her family. Since you offended her prior to this, you have to beg for her forgiveness now! Only when she forgives you will it be possible to bring benefits to the Carters again. Do you understand?”

Bryce immediately had a bitter expression.

It was obvious what Dominic meant. In fact, he even blamed the disowning of Cheyenne and her family on Bryce.

He wants Cheyenne Carter to come back while undermining me! Bryce was full of displeasure, but he didn’t know what to say to retort against him. He could only exclaim, “I won’t go!”

“You’re rebelling!” Angered by his words, Dominic pointed at Bryce and berated, “Throwing a tantrum? Do you think you’re a child?! Bryce Carter, I’m telling you, you have to make this trip even if you don’t want to! Otherwise, don’t think of coming back again!”

After saying that, Dominic waved his sleeve and left.

Everyone in the hall looked at Bryce with a hypocritical smile.

“Bryce, just bear with it for the sake of the family!”

“Yes, we will all remember your contribution to the family. Even if that woman comes back, you are still the only successor in our hearts!”

“Yes, Bryce, press on!”

...

Bryce could tell the insincerity in their hypocritical and meaningless words. They all wanted that bitch Cheyenne to come back!

“Get lost! All of you, get lost!” Bryce hollered at them in rage.





Chapter 93: Begging Her at Her Place




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Seeing Bryce’s sudden rage, the Carters remained silent and left awkwardly.

However, when Bryce was no longer nearby, they naturally started criticizing him for his incompetence, poor character, and lack of manners. They all said that the family should be handed over to one of the distant relatives.

In the empty hall of the Carter home, only Bryce and his mother, Sarah Hadley, remained.

Holding onto Bryce’s shoulder, Sarah said heartbrokenly, “My son! It’s been hard on you! Since your grandfather told you to go look for Cheyenne Carter, do it.”

Bryce broke free from her and yelled, “Mom, you are my mother! Are you going to force me to go look for that bitch and bow down to her to ask her to come back too? What about my feelings? Do you care about my feelings at all?”

Bryce’s eyes were red. Making him apologize to Cheyenne was akin to stepping on his dignity. It was a massive insult!

Feeling heartbroken, Sarah looked at Bryce. “Silly child, you are my son. How could I, as a mother, harm you? However, you’re the only direct heir of the Carters, and the person who will inherit the family’s legacy is you. As the head of the family, you have to learn to be patient!”

“Look at your grandfather. Do you think he really wants to go back on his word and get that bitch to come back again even though he already kicked her out? But given the current situation, your grandfather has no choice but to bear with it. Do you think your grandfather is impressed by that bitch? No, he just wants to make use of her to create value for the Carters.

“Once she loses her value, your grandfather will immediately toss her aside! Everything that belongs to the Carters will only belong to you in the end. So what’s the big deal about bearing with this grievance for a while?”

After Bryce listened to her words, his eyes suddenly lit up as he came to a sudden realization. At the same time, he was full of vigor. “Yes, Mom, I know! Okay, I’ll go look for Cheyenne now. Even if she hits me and scolds me, I’ll definitely bear with it!”

——

It was currently already evening. Lucas had driven Cheyenne and Amelia back to Cheyenne’s home and stayed behind as well.

Although Karen would still mock him from time to time, Lucas simply ignored her and didn’t take it to heart. In fact, he would even give her some expensive gifts sometimes, which made her stop making malicious remarks.

William wasn’t at home as usual. Lucas didn’t know what he was doing these days, as he would come home late every day.

Thus, Karen, Cheyenne, Charlotte, Amelia, and Lucas were the only ones at the dinner table.

They had just begun eating when they heard knocking on the door outside the courtyard.

“Who’s there?” Karen muttered with a frown, displeased at being interrupted while eating.

Lucas put down his cutlery. “I’ll go take a look.”

As soon as he opened the courtyard door, he saw Bryce carrying a gift box and with an extremely unnatural smile that he was obviously forcing himself to put on.

“Uncle...” As soon as Bryce spoke, he realized that something was wrong. The person standing at the door was Lucas Gray! Bryce’s wrist in the cast began to ache even more. “What are you doing here?”

Lucas raised his eyebrows and retorted, “My wife and child live here. Why can’t I be here?”

Bryce walked back into the yard. “Move aside. I need to see Cheyenne Carter for something.”

However, Lucas insisted on standing at the door and blocking Bryce from entering. “Cheyenne is now the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation. Not everyone is qualified to see her.” Lucas slammed the door shut.

The door almost hit Bryce’s nose, and he was so infuriated that he almost wanted to curse out loud. But at the thought of his agenda and his mother’s admonishments, he took a deep breath and curbed his anger.

Damn it! He’s just a live-in son-in-law! What’s he being so smug for?! When Cheyenne dumps him one day, I’ll see what he has to say about qualification!

Seeing Lucas return alone, Cheyenne asked, “Who’s outside?”

“Bryce Carter,” Lucas answered without hiding anything.

Cheyenne and Karen looked at Lucas in shock. “Why is he here?”

Lucas said indifferently, “I guess he’s looking for you for something. Previously, you were kind enough to bring the Carters a cooperation agreement, but they made fools of themselves and chose to decline. Now that you’re the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation, they naturally want to come to you again to talk about cooperation or something else that’s beneficial to the Carters.”

He had long seen through the Carters’ condescending, snobbish, and mercenary characters.

“What? Cheyenne, you’ve become the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation? When did that happen? Why didn’t you tell me?!” Karen looked at Cheyenne in disbelief.

Charlotte looked at Cheyenne gleefully. “Cheyenne, you’re amazing! You actually became the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation again so soon!”

Cheyenne glanced at Lucas and coughed awkwardly. “I was appointed just before the end of the day at work. I haven’t had time to tell you about it.”

Karen was so excited that she grabbed Cheyenne’s hand tightly. “You should have told us this great news as soon as you got home! I’ll cook some more dishes. Let’s celebrate! Hahahaha! General manager, you’ve finally become the general manager again!”

Karen was smiling sweetly while Charlotte held onto Cheyenne’s other hand and said smilingly, “Cheyenne, treat us to a meal tomorrow!”

They were both grabbing Cheyenne’s hands tightly, and she was immediately caught between laughter and tears. “Sure, let’s go out for a feast tomorrow!”

After saying this, Cheyenne looked at Lucas, somewhat apologetic.

In fact, Lucas had given the position of general manager to her. It was just a pity that Lucas’s status was special, and she wasn’t able to reveal it to make her family change their minds about Lucas.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

At this moment, the loud knocking came from the door again, accompanied by Bryce shouting. “Uncle, Aunt, Cheyenne, it’s me! I really need to see you! Please open the door!”

Bryce’s yelling was exceptionally loud, and Cheyenne immediately frowned. “Why hasn’t he left yet?”

Karen and Charlotte also hated Bryce and didn’t want to see him at all.

Lucas frowned.

If they ignored Bryce, he would definitely keep knocking on the door and yelling, kicking up a ruckus.

After thinking about it, Cheyenne looked at Lucas. “I think we’d better let him in and talk things out.”

“Alright.” Lucas nodded and walked out of the living room.

Soon, Bryce followed Lucas in.





Chapter 94: Bryce Kneels




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Seeing Bryce walk in, everyone looked at him with indifference and disgust, and no one said anything.

Bryce chuckled. He walked toward Karen and handed over the gift box he was carrying. “Aunt Karen, this is a diamond bracelet that I specially bought. It happens to suit you, so I’m here to deliver it to you. I hope you’ll like it.”

Upon hearing that he had brought a diamond bracelet, Karen, who was initially sulking, hurriedly took the gift box, her eyes bright. While unwrapping the gift box, she bragged to Bryce, “You’re here to see Cheyenne, right? Cheyenne is now the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation!”

Feeling as though his chest had been stabbed, he gritted his teeth and quickly said, “Yes, I also happened to hear the good news, so I’m here to congratulate Cheyenne!”

Cheyenne humphed coldly, not believing that Bryce was genuinely happy for her.

As expected, Bryce added, “I’m also here to relay Grandpa’s goodwill. He said that he made his previous decision too hastily, so he would like to have you guys return to the Carters. The large family villa is ready for you!”

Karen was immediately overjoyed. “Really? Is Dominic willing to let us return to the Carters? He even prepared a villa for us too?”

“Of course. Grandpa even...”

Cheyenne couldn’t stand listening to it anymore and interrupted him. “Since the Carters have driven us out, there’s no need for us to go back. You don’t need to try cajoling us with those words either. Just tell me directly. What is the purpose of your visit?”

Bryce smiled ingratiatingly. “Cheyenne, we’re family. Is there a need for this? Let’s let bygones be bygones and start afresh, alright?”

Cheyenne sneered. Let bygones be bygones and start afresh? You’re making it sound casual.

“If you came here just to say this nonsense, then you can leave. I have nothing to say to you.” She stood up.

Bryce hurriedly stepped in front of Cheyenne. “Also... didn’t you say previously that the Brilliance Corporation wants to cooperate with the Carter Corporation? Now that you’re the general manager, shouldn’t you put the cooperation... on the agenda sooner?”

Cheyenne figured it out. Bryce’s purpose in visiting was indeed as Lucas guessed.

Bryce was here to talk about cooperation, and perhaps he would even ask for more benefits for the Carters since Cheyenne was now the general manager.

Cheyenne looked at Bryce with derision. “Yeah, I did go to the Carter Corporation with the Brilliance Corporation’s letter of intent to cooperate with you previously, but what did you do? Trust you to have the cheek to come and ask me this now.”

Bryce once again felt like he had been slapped.

Bearing with the humiliation, he lowered his head and apologized in a manner that he thought was extremely sincere. “It was my fault. I misunderstood you that time. Cheyenne, I hereby solemnly apologize to you! I came here today with such sincerity because I wish to gain your understanding, and I hope you will forgive me for being a bad cousin! You can hit me and scold me all you want. I just hope you can give the Carters another chance!”

Lucas watched Bryce pretend and stayed silent.

Cheyenne clenched her jaw, feeling extremely uneasy about Bryce’s apology because she wasn’t used to seeing him lower his pride.

She had already given up on the Carters, but Bryce’s behavior made her hesitant.

It was not that his words had touched her, but the Carters were the ones who raised her after all, and there was something that she couldn’t bear to let go of.

Seeing the hesitant look in Cheyenne’s eyes, Bryce gritted his teeth and knelt directly in front of her!

Everyone was shocked after hearing the loud thump.

Charlotte, who had been standing at the side quietly, almost spat out her drink.

Karen was wearing the diamond bracelet that Bryce had given her, and when she saw this, she was so dumbfounded that she was at a loss for words.

Lucas sneered, folded his arms, and continued to watch the show.

After being shocked, Cheyenne immediately said, “W-what are you doing? Hurry and get up!”

“No.” Bryce continued kneeling on the ground, hanging his head low to hide the humiliation and indignation in his eyes. However, his voice was full of misery. “Cheyenne, believe me. I really want to apologize to you and beg for your forgiveness! Now the Carters’ situation is getting worse day by day. Reaching a cooperation agreement with the Brilliance Corporation is really very important to us. Please give us a way out on account that we used to be a family! If you don’t agree, I’d rather die here!”

Bryce forced himself to cry, and his eyes turned red.

Cheyenne was startled. “What are you doing?! If you don’t get up, I will never agree to cooperate with the Carters!”

Hearing her words, Bryce hurriedly stood up. “Fine, fine, I’ll listen to you! Cheyenne, does this mean that you agree to cooperate with the Carters?”

Cheyenne looked at Bryce with a complicated expression. “This is the last time I’m going to help the Carters. You guys better behave yourselves. Don’t do anything overboard again and just manage your company properly. I won’t go back to the family, and we don’t need to have any extra dealings from now on.”

Hearing this, Bryce became even happier. He just wanted Cheyenne to agree to cooperate and finish the task he was given. It was even better for him that Cheyenne didn’t want to go back to the family because that meant that no one would compete with him for the position of successor!

“Okay, I understand. Cheyenne, I thank you sincerely on behalf of Grandpa and the Carters! I won’t force you, but the doors of the Carters will always be open for you. If you ever come back one day, you will always be welcome.”

Even Bryce was touched by his own mushy words.

But after he left, he started to look jealous and disdainful. Hmph, as long as I’m around, that bitch can forget about coming back to the family!

Lucas stared at Bryce until the latter disappeared into the night. Only then did he look away.

Cheyenne had chosen to give the Carters another chance, and Lucas didn’t have any objections. However, if Bryce and the Carters hurt her again, they shouldn’t blame him for being nasty!





Chapter 95: Cheyenne’s Father Gets Drunk




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Only after Bryce left did they continue with dinner, which he interrupted just now.

After washing and cleaning up, Charlotte returned to her own room while Karen sat downstairs in the living room, watching some television while fiddling with the diamond bracelet she just received.

Lucas took Amelia upstairs to Cheyenne’s room, where he played with her merrily.

During this time, Cheyenne raised her wrist several times to look at her watch. She would also look downstairs from time to time, looking rather worried.

“What’s the matter?” Lucas asked softly as he placed a drawing book in front of Amelia.

“Oh, it’s nothing. I’m just a little worried about Dad. It’s so late, and he hasn’t returned yet. He won’t pick up my calls either. I don’t know where he went,” Cheyenne said softly.

Lucas thought about it and said, “Do you want me to send someone to look for him?”

Cheyenne naturally knew that he was capable of doing so, and he’d definitely deploy a lot of people to search. “That’s not necessary for now. Maybe Dad is at his friend’s place. He might be back soon.”

As she spoke, loud knocking on the door came from downstairs, and William’s drunken yelling resounded. “Open up! Hurry up and open the door!”

After that, Karen started shrieking loudly in a sharp voice, “You jerk! Where did you get drunk at before coming home? Why don’t you just drink yourself to death outside! Your body stinks and reeks of alcohol. I won’t help you!”

Next, there were loud sounds of someone falling and things getting smashed.

“Oh dear!”

When Cheyenne and Lucas heard this sound, they both hurriedly got up and rushed downstairs.

Charlotte also opened her door and sprinted downstairs.

“You damned jerk! You’re already so wasted, but you’re still holding a bottle of wine. Are you really out to kill yourself and make me a widow? Bastard, get up! I’m so unlucky to have married a man like you!” Karen was standing by the door downstairs and howling loudly.

William had fallen onto the ground, and the bottle of wine in his hand had been broken. There were shards of glass strewn all over the floor.

Cheyenne and Lucas rushed to help him up. Cheyenne tried to get the remaining half bottle of wine from William. But he suddenly waved the bottle in his hand and clamored, “I-I’m not drunk! One more bottle!”

The sharp bottle almost cut Cheyenne’s hand.

“Watch out!” Lucas called out as he reached out to clamp down on William’s wrist, immediately making him let go of the bottle of wine that he was gripping tightly.

In a drunken stupor, William was still murmuring incessantly. And from time to time, he would flail his arms about to stop Lucas from holding him down.

Fortunately, Lucas was strong enough to hold William down and move him toward his and Karen’s room.

“You’re making such a din and creating a mess in the house as soon as you came back. You might as well not come back and just die outside!” Karen cursed.

Charlotte couldn’t stand it any longer. “Mom, cut it out! Dad is already so drunk. He can’t hear you even if you scold him. Let’s deal with this mess! Cheyenne and Lucas will take Dad to your room. Mom, go bathe Dad and help him change out of his clothes. And I’ll clean up the glass shards on the floor. We’ll split up the work!”

Amid Karen’s incessant cursing, they finally took care of the drunken William and laid him down on his bed.

When Lucas and Cheyenne returned upstairs again, Amelia jumped into Lucas’s arms immediately. “Mommy, Daddy, Grandpa is... so scary!”

Amelia had seen William yelling loudly and flailing his arms about when she was upstairs and was frightened by his behavior.

Lucas rubbed Amelia’s little head and comforted her gently, “It’s alright. Grandpa had too much alcohol. He’ll be fine tomorrow. I’m here. Don’t be afraid.”

Amelia finally nodded. She then raised her head and looked at Lucas worriedly. “Daddy, you won’t be like Grandpa and drink so much later, right?”

Lucas suddenly burst into laughter and said softly, “No, I won’t act like that.”

Amelia finally relaxed and laid in Lucas’s arms.

Suddenly, someone screamed from downstairs. “William Carter, you bastard! How dare you hit me? I’ll fight you!”

Frightened, Amelia immediately shuddered and clutched the corner of Lucas’s shirt tightly. “Daddy... I’m scared.”

Lucas hurriedly held Amelia in his arms and comforted her.

Cheyenne immediately headed downstairs after hearing the scream.

“Who are you yelling at, huh? You’re nothing to me! Karen Turner, you’re nothing to me! Stop shouting at me and calling me a loser. Hah, what are you then? You were so clingy and submissive toward me when you knew that the Carters were rich back then. Now you think I’m a good-for-nothing?” William’s eyes were red as he hollered and pointed at Karen’s nose.

“You jerk! Bastard! I must have been blind to marry you! Yeah, I decided to be with you then because of your money and because I thought you were Dominic Carter’s son! So what? I have the guts to admit to it!”

“What about you? You’re just an illegitimate son who’s not blood-related to the Carters and got kicked out like a dog! Have I ever lived in luxury throughout my marriage to you?” Karen yelled in a sharp voice.

Seeing both of them cursing at each other, Cheyenne hurriedly rushed toward them and grabbed Karen’s arm, for fear that they would start fighting again. “Dad, you’ve had too much to drink. You’d better get some rest! Mom, Dad is just saying those words in a drunken stupor. Don’t stoop to his level.”

To Cheyenne’s surprise, when William saw her in a daze, he immediately flared up and cursed, “You’re such a jinx! Forget it if the company was snatched away, but you married such a loser and made yourself a laughingstock! If not for you, we wouldn’t have been chased away by the Carters. I’m left with nothing now! It’s all your fault!”

After being lashed out at by her father, Cheyenne felt aggrieved and miserable, and she immediately teared up. “Dad, how could you say that to me? It wasn’t my fault...”

“Stop arguing!” William raised his hand to slap Cheyenne.

“Stop it!” Lucas immediately appeared beside Cheyenne. He grabbed William’s wrist and glared at him. “No one is allowed to hit her, including you!”





Chapter 96: Incessant Arguing




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Lucas’s shouting and the pain in his wrist instantly made William sober up as he shrieked.

When Cheyenne recovered from her shock and saw the look of agony on her father’s face, she couldn’t help but exclaim, “Lucas, he’s my father! Let go of him!”

Lucas just wanted to stop William from hitting Cheyenne, and now that William was much more sober, he naturally wouldn’t do anything to him.

He was about to let go when Karen suddenly said, “No! Lucas, hurry up and throw him outside. I don’t want him here!” She pointed to the door.

Cheyenne had another headache. “Mom, forget it. It’s already so late. Where can you dump Dad? What if something happens to him?”

“I don’t care! Even if he dies out there, I don’t want to see him in this house again!” Karen screamed in exasperation.

Lucas was speechless. He naturally wouldn’t throw William outside. Instead, he just let go of the latter’s wrist.

“Damn it! You punk, remember this!” William hollered hostilely after breaking free and sobering up. However, he was extremely displeased by Lucas’s act of clamping down his wrist.

After saying this, he stumbled back into his room and laid down.

Meanwhile, Karen was also infuriated because Lucas didn’t throw William out like she had ordered. “Fine, you’re disobeying me too, huh? If you won’t throw him out, get lost yourself! Get lost! You’re not allowed to stay in this house anymore! Scram!” She pointed at the door.

Lucas was extremely speechless.

Being caught between the two of them made him feel extremely vexed. But he had to bear with it since they were Cheyenne’s parents.

“Mom, what are you trying to do now? Why do you have to vent your anger on Lucas after fighting with Dad?” Cheyenne questioned, trying to stay patient.

“Hah, Cheyenne, don’t be so biased to this man. Men are all jerks! Lucas Gray is a good-for-nothing just like your father! He has no job, no income, and he lives like a loser every day! He still has the audacity to drink every day and take it out on me when he’s drunk. I’ve really had enough of this!” Karen cried out loud.

“I’m doing it for your own good. Quickly find a rich man and marry him. Stop being with this good-for-nothing. Life is torture if you continue living like this!”

While sniffling, Karen wept and complained. She suddenly pointed at Lucas and continued, “Look at you. What did you get after you married this good-for-nothing? Did he do anything for you? Has he given you anything? You were alone throughout your pregnancy. And you painstakingly delivered Amelia, took care of her, and raised her. Where has he been all these years? He doesn’t deserve you at all, and he doesn’t deserve to be a father at all!”

Lucas laughed bitterly in his head. He indeed owed Cheyenne for failing to fulfill his duty as a husband and father. He couldn’t rebut her.

Cheyenne wanted to tell Karen that Lucas had done a lot for her and gave her a lot of help lately. He even made her the general manager. He wasn’t a good-for-nothing.

However, she couldn’t say anything.

After Karen cried and threw a huge tantrum, she soon got tired and returned to her room.

Lucas obviously wouldn’t get lost like she told him to.

After going upstairs and once again holding his worried daughter in his arms to comfort her, he suddenly developed the idea of taking Amelia away from this home.

The atmosphere here was indeed rather terrible.

William liked throwing drunken fits while Karen would curse and hurl vulgarities all day. They tended to get into heated fights too.

Tonight, Amelia got frightened several times.

If she continued living in such an environment where she was frightened every single day, it would be bad for her upbringing.

However, this was just Lucas’s thought.

Cheyenne cherished Amelia like she was her life, and she wouldn’t let him take her away easily. Besides, if Cheyenne left with him as well, she would definitely worry about her parents, and there was no way he could bring them too.

It was the weekend the following day.

William was still lying on his bed and sleeping after a drunken night.

As soon as Karen saw Lucas, she recalled that he had disobeyed her last night and pulled a long face again, treating him with hostility.

Karen stopped sulking only when Cheyenne said that she would take all of them out for a feast in the afternoon while Charlotte said some nice things in between.

Soon, it was noon. Cheyenne had long booked a private room at the Hera Hotel. They were all dressed to the nines and ready to go. But they suddenly discovered that William had left the house again, and they didn’t know where he went.

“Uh, I’ll give Dad a call,” Cheyenne said.

Karen barked furiously, “What for? Since he likes going out and wandering about, leave him be. Don’t ask him to come along!”

Cheyenne hesitated for a moment and agreed.

Lucas drove them to the entrance of the Hera Hotel.

It was the lunchtime peak hour and thus difficult to find a parking space. Cheyenne told the impatient Karen to go in with Charlotte and Amelia while she and Lucas would look for a parking spot.

“Okay, then we’ll go in first and order some food.” Charlotte agreed and went into the hotel with Karen and Amelia.

By the time Lucas and Cheyenne found a suitable parking spot and parked their car, almost seven or eight minutes had passed.

Just as they were entering the hotel, they heard a familiar voice coming from behind. “Hey, isn’t that Cheyenne?”

Lucas and Cheyenne turned around and looked over, only to see Aston Brooke and Scarlet Wright walking over.

Lucas frowned slightly while Cheyenne nodded with barely any expression.

Previously, at the Carter Corporation, Scarlet had said a lot of harsh things to Cheyenne, so Cheyenne disliked her even though she was her cousin.

“Scarlet, are they your friends?” Aston’s eyes lit up as soon as he saw Cheyenne, but he deliberately pretended not to know who they were.

Seeing that Aston seemed to have forgotten about meeting Cheyenne, Scarlet was obviously pleased. She laughed. “She’s my cousin, Cheyenne Carter. She has just been appointed the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation. The one next to her is her live-in husband.”

Aston’s eyes glistened. She’s become the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation? That’s even better!





Chapter 97: Uninvited Guests




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

With a gentlemanly smile, Aston walked up to Cheyenne and held his hand out politely. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Miss Carter! I am Aston Brooke from LA, and my father is the general manager of the Solar Corporation, Shaun Brooke. Have you ever heard of us?”

Aston’s smile was reserved and conceited. After all, the Brooke family was a top family with great fame and reputation.

However, Cheyenne said indifferently, “I’m ignorant. I’ve never heard of you and your father.”

With that, she ignored Aston’s attempt to shake her hand and turned around to enter the hotel.

Aston’s hand was left hanging in mid-air, and he looked extremely embarrassed.

Lucas looked at him coldly and entered with Cheyenne.

After meeting twice, Lucas noticed there was strong desire and ambitiousness in Aston Brooke’s gaze when he looked at Cheyenne.

He had previously instructed Flynn Davis not to let any of the Brookes’ businesses appear in Orange County. But now it seemed that they were still moving about in Orange County happily.

Seeing the way Cheyenne and Lucas were ignoring Aston, Scarlet was overwhelmed with fury. “Aston, they were verboard! How dare they ignore you? I must teach her a lesson!”

Just as she was about to rush toward Cheyenne, Aston grabbed her wrist to stop her. “Wait! Don’t provoke her.”

Scarlet suddenly pouted and said angrily, “Aston, you’re defending that bitch Cheyenne Carter? You don’t have a crush on her, do you? I’ve told you, this woman got to her current position through dirty means!”

He took her hand and laughed. “Why would I have a crush on her? I just thought that you should still be polite to her since she’s now the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation and your cousin too. You’re the only one I adore. Aren’t you clear about how I’ve been treating you the past few days?”

As he spoke, Aston pinched Scarlet’s waist flirtatiously.

“Ah, you’re so annoying! We’re outside!” Scarlet looked at Aston coquettishly as she snuggled up into his arms.

These days, the two of them had been spending a lot of time with each other and had gone all the way. They were in the honeymoon period of their relationship.

Aston smiled nonchalantly, knowing that coaxing Scarlet was easy since he could tell that she was only after his money. Once he said a few words to cajole her and promise to marry her in LA, she would be submissive to him again.

Aston was an expert at romance, and he had long mastered this skill.

Soon, he entered the hotel with Scarlet in his arms.

At this moment, Lucas and Cheyenne had already met up with Karen, Charlotte, and Amelia in the private room. Apart from William, everyone was here.

As soon as they entered, Amelia pounced on them and happily held their hands as she led them to their seats.

Pretending to be jealous, Charlotte teased with pouted lips, “Amelia, you’re so naughty. You forgot all about me as soon as you saw your daddy and mommy.”

Amelia smiled shyly and scurried over to kiss Charlotte’s cheek.

Karen was dressed ostentatiously today, and she had deliberately styled her hair at a salon nearby. She was wearing a dark green dress and a top-quality diamond bracelet.

This diamond bracelet was naturally not the one that Bryce gave her yesterday but one of the pieces that Lucas had bought at the auction.

At the time, Lucas wanted to give all that valuable jewelry to Cheyenne. But unfortunately, she refused.

Afterward, Lucas picked out this bracelet and gave it to Karen to shut her foul mouth up.

Actually, Karen was quite pretty when she was silent. After all, she had to have good genes in order to give birth to such beautiful daughters, Cheyenne and Charlotte.

But unfortunately, whenever Karen spoke, she would be cursing or arguing with someone most of the time, ruining her image.

Just when they were having fun and playing, someone knocked on the door of the private room.

Thinking that it was the service staff, Charlotte said, “Come in.”

To their surprise, the person who pushed open the door of the private room was not a waiter but Scarlet Wright and Aston Brooke, whom Lucas and Cheyenne had met at the entrance.

Charlotte questioned hostilely, “What are you two doing here?”

She had always disliked Scarlet, her cousin who often humiliated and insulted her since they were children. Scarlet liked calling Charlotte an outsider and a shameless bastard. Charlotte used to burst into tears after being mocked and scolded by her.

Scarlet didn’t bother being polite and pulled Aston to the table. “What a coincidence. Aston and I happen to be here for lunch today too, and we ran into Cheyenne at the entrance. We thought that we should come over and join you guys for lunch. Well, the more, the merrier!”

She looked at Aston sweetly and smiled coquettishly. “Oh, right, I almost forgot to introduce you. This is my boyfriend, Aston Brooke, the heir of the famous Brooke Family from LA. We’re getting engaged soon. Today’s meal will be on us!”

Charlotte watched coldly as Scarlet showed her boyfriend off and pursed her lips in disdain. “No thanks. We can still afford to pay for a meal. We don’t need you to be worried about it! Besides, this is our family lunch. Why are you interfering? I don’t want to eat with you. I lose my appetite whenever I see your face!”

“You!” Scarlet was furious, as Charlotte’s words made her feel a little embarrassed in front of Aston.

Scarlet couldn’t help but tug Aston’s clothes to have him stand up for her. She hated them too, and if Aston hadn’t said that he wanted to come and form a good relationship with them, she wouldn’t have come!

Unfortunately, what Scarlet wished for did not happen. Aston’s eyes were glued onto the beautiful Carter sisters. How could he have the time to bother about Scarlet?

Lucas stared at Aston coldly while Cheyenne and Charlotte were similarly displeased about the uninvited guests. Karen was the only one who kept staring at Aston with a gaze of satisfaction ever since she heard his family background.

Aston Brooke is handsome and looks decent. Although I’m not too clear about his family, he’s definitely the scion of a rich family, and that makes him a good candidate for a son-in-law. It’ll be a good choice to let either Cheyenne or Charlotte marry him!

Karen had long ignored Aston’s girlfriend, Scarlet Wright.





Chapter 98: Poor Person




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“You are... Mr. Brooke, right?” Karen looked at Aston with an intense gaze.

Aston hurriedly bowed. “Hello, Aunt Karen. You can just call me Aston.”

Aston’s action made Karen’s heart flutter with joy. Look, what a good choice for a son-in-law. He’s so polite, modest, and addresses me so dearly. He must have asked around about us, and he’s probably already taken a liking to my daughter.

However, if Karen knew that Aston knew her only because Scarlet always referred to her as ‘Karen the Shrew’ whenever she cursed at their family in front of him, she would probably look a lot less gratified.

The more Karen looked at Aston, the more pleased she was with him. She pointed at a chair in front of her. “Okay, I won’t stand on ceremony then. Aston, come have a seat.”

“I’ll be imposing on everyone then,” Aston said politely as he pulled Scarlet to sit down on the chair beside him.

Seeing this scene, Charlotte was furious. “Mom, this is a family meal to celebrate Cheyenne’s promotion to general manager. Why are you letting them stay?”

Karen poked Charlotte’s forehead and chided, “You stupid girl!”

Looking at Charlotte’s displeased face, Karen couldn’t say anything more and simply said with a smile, “We’re all relatives. There’s nothing wrong with having a meal together. Besides, since it’s a celebration, the more, the merrier!”

Charlotte was already extremely upset. But since they already sat down, she couldn’t chase them away and could only stay in her seat furiously.

Karen could no longer bother to appease her daughter. She simply stared at Aston and kept bombarding him with questions about his age, marital status, family, etc.

Beside him, Scarlet immediately sulked. Even a fool could tell what Karen’s intentions were.

She had already introduced Aston as her boyfriend just now, yet Karen was still doing this. Does she think I’m non-existent?

Scarlet was furious. She was about to lose her temper and throw a fit, but Aston squeezed her fingers under the table to hint her not to do anything.

Scarlet endured her anger. Charlotte wasn’t a fool either, and she had already figured out what her mother was trying to do.

To be honest, Charlotte didn’t have a good impression of Aston Brooke at all. Although he looked polite, he had been gawking at Cheyenne ever since he entered, which was to Cheyenne’s repulsion. She could tell at a glance that he was a flirtatious person.

Even if he weren’t Scarlet’s boyfriend, Charlotte wouldn’t want to date him, as she wasn’t attracted to him at all.

“Enough, Mom. What are you asking so many questions for? What does it matter to us what someone’s boyfriend’s family is like?” Charlotte interjected in displeasure.

“Leave me be. Why can’t I even ask?” Karen rolled her eyes at Charlotte. She muttered softly, “It is still uncertain whose son-in-law he will be in the future.”

Scarlet had a sharp sense of hearing and immediately lost it when she heard these words. She stood up abruptly and said to Karen hostilely, “Don’t think I don’t know what thoughts you’re harboring. Aunt Karen, he is my boyfriend. Will you please respect yourself?”

“Hey, I’m your aunt. Is that the tone you should have when you’re talking to me? You’re so rude! How did your mother teach you? You don’t know how to respect your elders at all! After you get married in the future, how will you respect your elders? If I were Aston, I would have dumped you a long time ago!”

Karen had never lost an argument before. Besides, her daughter was now the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation, so she definitely wouldn’t take a little girl like Scarlet seriously.

Scarlet was so furious that her face flushed red, and she wished she could scratch Karen’s detestable face with her hands.

However, Karen’s family was here, and she wouldn’t have it easy if she hit or scolded her. She could only grab Aston’s arm and exclaim aggrievedly, “Aston, I can’t stand it anymore. They’re being bullies! Let’s go!”

However, Aston shook off her hand and said with a frown, “It’s true that you were wrong just now. Hurry up and apologize to Aunt Karen.”

“What? You want me to apologize?” Scarlet gaped in disbelief. “Why should I apologize? She knows you’re my boyfriend, but she kept asking those questions. She’s the shameless one who’s trying to sow discord between me and my boyfriend. What did I do wrong?”

Smack!

He slapped her hard on the face.

Scarlet cocked her head to the side and covered her face while looking at Aston in astonishment. “You actually hit me?”

Aston looked at Scarlet coldly. “You were rude to your elder, but you’re still unrepentant. You really disappoint me too much! The wife I want to marry will never be someone like you who doesn’t know how to behave properly. Let’s break up and never have anything to do with each other from now on!”

Scarlet trembled and immediately burst into tears as she stared at Aston in disbelief. “You actually want to break up with me?”

These days, Aston had been very nice to her, and in fact, when they were at the door just now, they had even talked about marriage. However, she never would have thought that he would actually hit her and even break up with her just because of a small argument.

“Yes. Aunt Karen is right. She’s your aunt, but you were so disrespectful to her. You won’t respect my family’s elders if you marry me in the future. I really don’t dare to marry you since you have such a terrible character,” Aston said righteously.

When Scarlet saw Aston’s cold expression, her heart quivered as she finally realized that Aston wasn’t joking and really meant it when he said he wanted to break up with her!

Scarlet panicked. She had given herself to Aston long ago and was so close to marrying him. Her grandpa Dominic and her family were pleased about it too. If Aston broke up with her now, she’d be really embarrassed to face others.

“I’m sorry, Aston, I was wrong! I just care about you too much, and I was so furious that I spoke to my aunt rudely. I didn’t mean to disrespect my elder! I’ll apologize to her right away. Please just forgive me this time!” Scarlet hugged Aston and bawled pitifully.

However, Aston did not compromise and simply pushed her away. “Get lost!”

Scarlet was wearing high heels, and after being pushed, she lost her balance and fell onto the ground.

But Aston did not even look at her and instead said to Karen apologetically, “Sorry, Aunt Karen. I’m sorry for being a killjoy today. Cheyenne, Charlotte, I’m sorry too. I will definitely visit you and make up for it one day.”

After saying this, he looked at Cheyenne and Charlotte, then turned around and left.

Seeing Aston leaving, Scarlet, who was wailing on the ground, could no longer worry about anything else and got up to chase after him. “Aston! Aston, wait for me!”





Chapter 99: Conditions For Reconciliation




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Only after Scarlet chased after Aston and disappeared entirely did they recover from the shock and momentary speechlessness.

In the end, Karen sighed. “I didn’t expect Aston to be so respectful toward his elders. This sets him apart from those rebellious scions. Hmm, he’s a fine young man.”

Cheyenne and Charlotte were astonished to hear this.

“Mom, is there something wrong with you? You think such a person is good? He slapped Scarlet and pushed her over a trivial matter. He obviously has violent tendencies.” Charlotte was dumbfounded. Scarlet actually still panicked and chased after a domestic abuser. Her brains must be fried!

“What do you know? Aston may have hit Scarlet, but that’s because she made a mistake. If she didn’t have a foul mouth, would he have hit her? Besides, he just slapped her and gave her a little push. How is that considered violent?” Karen disagreed.

“You can’t judge a man based on that alone. Look, Aston is so good-looking, and he’s decked out in designer clothing. He’s clearly the scion of a wealthy family. It’s normal for him to be a little hot-tempered. Besides, he’s so respectful toward his elders, and I can tell he obviously has a good character. If you can marry him, you won’t have to worry for the rest of your life!”

Charlotte flew into a rage and snapped, “Who would want to marry someone like him?! He’s just rich, and you’re singing such high praises of him. If that’s not considered violent, what is? I don’t want to marry a domestic abuser. I’m afraid you’d still be praising him endlessly even after he beats me to death!”

“Hey girl, what are you saying? If you’re obedient, why would he hit you? Besides, what’s wrong with him being rich? Do you want to marry a penniless loser like Lucas too?” Karen retorted, thinking that her daughter was worrying for nothing and making up nonsense. She insulted Lucas out of nowhere too.

Charlotte humphed in disdain. “Forget it. That guy clearly had a girlfriend, but he kept gawking at me and Cheyenne lecherously as soon as he entered. He’s obviously a jerk. Lucas is so much better than him!”

Seeing Charlotte repeatedly retort, Karen was immediately furious. “Charlotte Carter! Are you out to anger me? How can this loser hold a candle to Aston?” Karen pointed her bright, red-lacquered fingernail at Lucas.

Lucas touched his nose speechlessly. I’ve merely been sitting here quietly. How did I provoke her?

“His family is rich, that’s all. How can that scoundrel compare to Lucas?” Charlotte retorted indignantly. “In terms of looks and height, Lucas trumps him. In terms of meticulousness, Lucas is way better because he helps Cheyenne to the food and pours her water. That man simply sat there and waited for Scarlet to serve him. In terms of character, Lucas is obviously far better than him. Lucas never ogles other girls. Mom, will you stop being so superficial? You’ve only seen that man once. How much do you know about him?”

Karen was suddenly at a loss for words. Then she hollered furiously, “Forget it! I’m not going to talk to you anymore, wretched girl! You’re really going to be the death of me. I’ll teach you a lesson after I come back from the washroom!”

With that, she glowered at Lucas and Cheyenne before leaving the private room.

Cheyenne poked Charlotte’s forehead. “It’s not like you don’t know what Mom’s temper is like. The more you refute, the angrier she gets.”

“I did that just to make her change her opinion of my brother-in-law, Lucas.” Charlotte pouted, feeling wronged.

Hearing Charlotte call Lucas her brother-in-law made Cheyenne feel extremely embarrassed. She looked at Lucas quietly as her ears turned red.

“I know you have good intentions, but by doing this, you’re only going to make Mom pick on Lucas even more.”

“Huh? Seriously?! What should we do then?!” Charlotte was immediately nervous.

“Forget it. When Mom comes back later, don’t say much to her. If she says anything that irks you, just pretend you didn’t hear it,” Cheyenne said, feeling helpless.

Meanwhile, Scarlet kept running after Aston, all the way to the parking lot. She only caught up to him when he reached his car.

“Aston, don’t break up with me, okay? I’ll make up for my mistakes immediately. I really will! Please give me another chance! I don’t want to break up with you...” Scarlet was weeping so badly that her makeup smudged.

With a trace of disgust, Aston suddenly thought of something and smiled. “You don’t want to break up? Sure. But from now on, you have to do whatever I want you to. Otherwise, you can get lost now.”

Hearing that there was still a chance, Scarlet nodded profusely. “Okay! I promise I’ll obey you from now on and do whatever you tell me to do.”

“Really? Don’t just pay lip service and forget your promise today when I tell you what to do in the future.” He looked at her skeptically.

“No, no, no, I can swear! I’m willing to do whatever you say!” She hurriedly promised, fearing that he wouldn’t believe her.

“You don’t have to swear. No one will believe such things. I’ll let you do one thing now. If you can do it, I will believe that you’re sincere.” A peculiar smile appeared on his face.

Scarlet frantically nodded in agreement. “Okay, Aston. I’ll definitely try my best to do whatever you tell me to!”

“Okay, in this case, I want you to get either Charlotte Carter or Cheyenne Carter into my bed,” Aston said slowly.

“What!?!” Scarlet was stunned, not expecting him to make this request. How could she get another woman into her boyfriend’s bed...

She couldn’t even tolerate it when Karen tried to sow discord between her and him just now. How could she be willing to get another woman to get intimate with him?

Moreover, his request broke her heart.

Scarlet was suddenly overwhelmed with complicated emotions.

“What? You can’t even do that? You were lying when you made that promise to me just now then. In that case, we have nothing more to say to each other.” Aston sneered and reached out to open the car door.

“No! Wait!” Scarlet grabbed his wrist with a look of panic.

If she agreed, she would still be Aston Brooke’s girlfriend, and she might get to marry him in the future. If she disagreed, he would immediately dump her, and she would no longer have a choice.

Scarlet clenched her jaw and said miserably, “Okay, I agree to your request. However, you’re just going to sleep with them, right? I’m still going to be the one you marry, right?”

“Of course, silly girl. I’m just going to toy with them. You’re the one I love the most.” Aston smiled gently as he touched Scarlet’s hair.





Chapter 100: Mother-in-Law Gets Hit




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

In the private room of the restaurant, they were almost done eating, but Karen hadn’t returned yet.

“Why isn’t Mom back yet? Could something have happened to her?” Cheyenne said worriedly.

Finding that something amiss too, Charlotte stood up and said, “I’ll go check.”

She walked out of the private room and crossed a corridor. She was about to go to the washroom when she suddenly realized that there were a lot of people gathered in the corridor and there seemed to be a fight.

“You’re trying to run, huh? I’m telling you, if you don’t pay up today, I won’t spare you!” a woman shrieked in a shrill, high-pitched voice.

Charlotte frowned in displeasure and was about to continue walking toward the restroom when she suddenly heard an extremely familiar voice.

“Oh, please! A wench like you is trying to extort me? Dream on! Do you know who my daughter is?”

It was her mom’s voice!

Charlotte was shocked and immediately stopped in her tracks. Her mom had gotten into an argument with someone again!

There were many onlookers, and she couldn’t squeeze her way through. So she ran back into the private room and yelled, “Bad news! Mom got into an argument with someone again! There are a lot of people surrounding them!”

“What?” Cheyenne was astonished. She stood up and was about to dash out...

Lucas hurriedly pulled Cheyenne to stop her. “I’ll go take a look. You stay here and accompany Amelia.”

Cheyenne bit her lip. She was indeed quite worried about her mom, but she also knew that she couldn’t leave her daughter alone in the room. Besides, Lucas was a man and would definitely be able to handle the situation better than her. “Okay, you go then! The most important thing is to bring her back here.”

Actually, she was just worried that it was her mother who caused the argument in the first place.

“Okay, don’t worry.” Lucas walked out with Charlotte following closely behind him.

When they arrived, the commotion was louder.

After Lucas squeezed through the crowd with Charlotte, they saw a chubby woman raising her hand and slapping Karen on her face.

“Oh my god! You wench, how dare you hit me?!” Karen would never let herself be a disadvantage. She immediately raised her hand and grabbed the woman’s hair. In an instant, they got into a messy scuffle.

“How dare you hit my mother!” Charlotte shouted furiously and rushed forward to grab the woman by her clothes. She even slapped her a few times on behalf of her mother, making the woman wail in pain incessantly.

The lobby manager rushed forth with some security officers and finally separated the three women.

The three of them looked rather disheveled.

Karen deliberately styled her hair today, but it was now a total mess, and there was a red palm mark on her face.

Charlotte’s clothes were also messy, and there was a long scratch on the back of her hand.

The one who had it the worst was the chubby woman opposite her. It was hard for her to move about nimbly because of her body size, so she had suffered numerous hits from Karen and Charlotte. Her cheeks were red and swollen after being slapped, and her hair was all messed up too.

“Dear customers, please talk things over calmly and don’t resort to violence,” said the hotel lobby manager, trying to mediate the situation.

The chubby woman gritted her teeth and stared at Charlotte and Karen. She took out her phone and exclaimed, “Damn it! Daring to slap me? Just you wait!”

As soon as the call got through, the chubby woman started bawling and complaining about being bullied. She then told the person on the other end to send some people over quickly.

When Karen saw that some people were really going to come, she couldn’t help but feel a little scared.

After Charlotte took a closer look at the chubby woman’s face, her heart dropped, and she knew that trouble was coming.

She was too focused on helping her mother slap the woman that hadn’t paid attention to see who she was assaulting.

Now that Charlotte recognized the woman’s identity, she secretly lamented in distress. Of all people, why did she provoke this woman?

At the side, Lucas had also long recognized the chubby woman to be the same one who almost hit Charlotte and Amelia at the kindergarten previously.

The woman’s husband was James Wilson, whom he had seen again at Dominic’s place. Wilson had even tried to make Lucas kneel down and apologize to him.

He reckoned that she should have called Wilson to bring his men over.

Enemies always meet.

Meanwhile, Charlotte also quietly told Karen about this woman. “This woman is Sharon Hart, the wife of James Wilson, the owner of the Titanium Corporation. I almost got hit by the two of them when I went to the kindergarten to pick Amelia up before. Thanks to Lucas rescuing us, we got away unharmed.”

As soon as Karen heard the Titanium Corporation, her face turned pale because she knew that it belonged to the top-tier Wilson family!

Oh my god! This fat woman I just hit is James Wilson’s wife! What do I do now?! Karen’s legs were trembling as she quickly said, “What are we still standing here for? Let’s run away!”

She pulled Charlotte along. But as soon as they ran for a bit, Sharon stopped them. “Hmph, now you’re scared and want to flee, huh? Let me tell you. It’s already too late! Since you two bitches had the audacity to hit me, be prepared to suffer my retaliation! If I don’t beat you two into a pulp later, I won’t be Sharon Hart!” Having found someone to help her, Sharon was naturally arrogant.

Karen was terrified. She was the type to bully the weak and fear the strong. Previously, she had the guts to yank Sharon’s hair and curse her out because she didn’t know her identity yet. Now that she did, she obviously wouldn’t dare.

Looking around in panic, she suddenly caught a glimpse of Lucas and immediately ran and hid behind him, regardless of the fact that she often called him a good-for-nothing.

“Oh? So you have an accomplice! Don’t worry. I won’t let any of you shameless idiots off!” Sharon barked smugly while glaring at Lucas as well as Charlotte and Karen behind him.

Lucas’s expression turned dark. “Mind your language. If you’re going to continue being so foul-mouthed, I won’t go easy on you even if you’re a woman.”

Karen was so infuriated that she poked Lucas’s back and chastised, “Are you out of your mind? Loser, don’t drag us down even if you have a death wish!”

After saying this, Karen poked her head out from behind Lucas and said to Sharon deferentially, “Excuse me, Madam... It was all just a misunderstanding just now. I’m sorry! I’m really sorry! Please be magnanimous and let us off!”

Seeing Karen stooping low and submitting to her, Sharon immediately raised her head and laughed out loud. But she looked extremely terrifying because of her swollen face and large red lips.

After she was done guffawing, she said to Karen sneeringly, “Hmph, are you scared now that I’ve called people over? Weren’t you very haughty and arrogant just now? You two slapped me so hard, but you want me to forgive you after a simple apology? Dream on!”





