Chapter 1 Retiring After Success





Chapter 1 Retiring After Success




The wind whistled, and leaves fluttered.

Lucas Gray pulled his coat together and once again looked at the campground that he had long gotten familiar with, as well as the familiar faces. He clenched his jaw tightly.

"Let's go."

Lucas turned around and stepped onto the hatch door of the helicopter that had been waiting at the side for a long time.

Behind him were teams of tall, toned, and muscular men standing uniformly in neat rows. Despite having tears in their eyes, they were standing still with their backs straight in the cold wind and raising their hands in unison to perform a standard and reverent military salute.

"Farewell from the Assault Team, Captain!"

"Farewell from the Special Forces, Captain!"

"Farewell from the Logistics Team, Captain!"

…

Amid the sounds of the helicopter's propeller continuously rotating, the loud yelling sounded consecutively.

It was full of enthusiasm and pride!

"Captain, can you really bear to…" Jordan muttered with reluctance in his eyes as he wiped his tears and closed the helicopter's hatch door.

The wings of the helicopter rotated, and it ascended. The familiar campground and teams were gradually turning into tiny marks on the ground.

Lucas looked away and said with a faint smile, "Everything comes to an end someday. There's no longer a need for me to continue staying here."

He had stayed on this land for six whole years.

During these six years, Lucas was quickly promoted from a fresh recruit to a general who held great authority after various close shaves with death.

The invincible Falcon Regiment under his command firmly guarded the vast territory around the state of Calico.

And Lucas became the most powerful God of War in the eyes of the tens of thousands of members of the Falcon Regiment because of his excellent command ability and combat power.

No one dared to invade Calico anymore, as it was now well fortified.

Having achieved success, he could finally retire, even though he was only twenty-eight years old.

The helicopter flew south toward the nearest airport.

Lucas took out an antique pocket watch from his chest, in which was a slightly yellowed photo.

It was a photo of him and a young woman taken six years ago. Back then, he was still slightly immature.

The woman's face was beautiful, delicate, and exquisite. Her lips were pursed stubbornly, and her slanted, crystalline eyes seemed to be staring straight into Lucas's hand through the photo.

The scene that seemed like a farce at that time was still fresh and vivid in his memory.

Lucas smiled bitterly as he began to recall the events from six years ago.

At that time, Cheyenne Carter, who had just graduated from college, had already established the Brilliance Corporation with her outstanding bravery and wits, thus making her a gorgeous and famous female CEO.

However, her image was soon ruined.

The young and beautiful CEO with a glamorous appearance actually had a disgraceful private life, as she had had an affair with the company's chauffeur!

The media made a big deal out of it and released all sorts of malicious, speculative, and untrue reports.

Cheyenne's image was ruined overnight, and she fell to rock bottom together with her Brilliance Corporation that was thrown into jeopardy.

No one bothered to discover that the truth was that they had actually been drugged.

The masses were only interested in gossip, and the Carters just wanted to cover up the scandal.

In the end, the chauffeur married into the Carters and became her husband.

However, the marriage did not save the image of Cheyenne and the Carters.

Everyone mocked and criticized the greatest beauty of Orange County, who used to be the envy of everyone, and made remarks about the penniless chauffeur who was lucky enough to marry into a wealthy family.

The penniless chauffeur was Lucas.

Both of them were well aware of the truth of their marriage.

Soon, Lucas quietly left for the military camp and vowed to make a name for himself so that he would be worthy of the woman who used to be favored by God.

Six years had passed, and he finally returned after achieving success.

Lucas looked at the woman in the photo, his emotions mixed with inexplicable remorse and apology.

He wondered how she was doing after years of being away from her.

——

"Finally back!" Jordan stretched his back and looked at Lucas, who had a look of nostalgia.

The two of them passed through the crowded Orange County International Airport and casually ordered some fast food at the mall outside the airport.

"Captain… No, I mean, Lucas, your hometown is in Orange County, isn't it?"

Lucas casually nodded.

It had been a long time since they left Orange County, and now that they had just returned, there were many things for them to tend to.

"Mommy… I want Mommy…" All of a sudden, a puerile and crisp crying sounded near them.

Lucas stopped in his tracks.

22:44

For some reason, the tender crying was tugging at his heartstrings.

Lucas pushed aside the crowd and followed the sound.

There was a little girl standing below a billboard near him and weeping, her face stained with tears.

The girl was about four or five years old and was holding a stuffed rabbit in her arms. Her tiny face was as fine as jade, and tears were welling up in her large, dark eyes. Her small and delicate nose was sniffling because of her crying, and she looked particularly adorable and pitiful, making Lucas's heart scrunch up.

In particular, she seemed bizarrely familiar to Lucas.

At this moment, the girl saw Lucas as well, and she abruptly stopped crying.

Her eyes full of surprise, she suddenly leaped toward Lucas and hugged his thigh! "Daddy!"

Lucas was stunned speechless and at a complete loss for what to do.





Chapter 2: Take You Back to Washington DC




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

At the side, Jordan blinked and exclaimed, “Lucas, this kid really looks like you. Since when do you have a daughter? We’ve never heard you mention anything about it before!”

“Don’t spout nonsense.” Lucas was somewhat at a loss. It was the first time in his life that he had ever had a child hug his thigh trustingly and call him ‘Daddy’.

After thinking about it, he squatted down, rubbed the little girl’s hair, and said softly, “I’m not your Daddy. You made a mistake. Did you wander off from your parents? I’ll take you to look for them.”

Hearing this, the little girl looked at Lucas in shock and suddenly began wailing loudly. “Daddy, you’re a bad guy. You don’t want me anymore!”

Lucas was dumbfounded and at a loss.

After some painstaking effort, he finally managed to cajole her and convince her to go to the service counter of the mall. Lucas informed the service staff about the little girl being lost and gave a thorough explanation before leaving the mall.

When he left, the little girl was bawling her eyes out, almost causing Lucas to cave in.

Unfortunately, he still had important things to deal with. Otherwise, he would have kept her company until her parents arrived.

Soon after they left, a woman hurried to the service counter of the mall and hugged the weeping little girl, extremely heartbroken.

“Amelia, I’m sorry I’m late...”

There was still some lingering fear within her.

Earlier, she had intended to just make a quick trip to the bathroom, but she ended up running into a troublesome client who pestered her for a long time before leaving.

Over the years, she had been cherishing her daughter like she was her life. If anything happened to her daughter...

She didn’t dare to think about it any longer.

“Mommy, I saw Daddy just now. But he said that I had mistaken him for someone else... How could I be mistaken? He was Daddy!” the girl exclaimed, her lips pursed and on the verge of tears.

“What?!” The woman’s body suddenly stiffened.

——

Outside the mall, eight tall and burly bodyguards with domineering auras and clad in suits walked toward Lucas and stood still in front of him.

All eyes were on them.

Remaining still, Lucas raised his eyebrows.

“Mr. Gray.” The bodyguards parted to the sides, revealing an old man and a middle-aged man behind them.

The old man, whose hair and beard were white, was around fifty to sixty years old and donning an immaculate suit. He looked smart and energetic. The middle-aged man beside him was also decked out in subtly luxurious designer apparel. It was obvious that they were wealthy.

The old man walked up to Lucas and kept his aged eyes fixed on him. All of a sudden, he bowed to Lucas.

“I’m Chad Kennedy, the chief butler of the Hutton family. I’m here to take you back to Washington DC.”

The indifferent gaze in Lucas’s eyes suddenly became sharp!

The Huttons? Taking me back to DC? This must be the greatest joke ever!

He grinned contemptuously. “It’s surprising that the prestigious and noble Huttons still remember me. I remember getting kicked out of the Hutton family together with my mother by you people two decades ago. You people said that I’m unworthy of being a Hutton and even warned us not to go near DC again, or else my mother and I would be taught a hard lesson.

“Where in DC are you taking me back to? Or is it that all the Huttons have dropped dead?”

Lucas’s voice was full of the endless hostility and anger that he had been suppressing for years.

Kennedy was speechless.

Lucas’s words were certainly aggressive and harsh, but he knew that the Huttons had indeed let him down back then.

He let out a long sigh. “No matter what, so many years have passed, and Old Mr. Hutton has gotten on in his years. He just wants to spend time with his children and grandchildren. After all, you carry the blood of the Huttons.”

“My last name is Gray, not Hutton.” Lucas continued unwaveringly, “If that nonsense is all you want to say to me, pardon me, but I won’t entertain you.”

Lucas turned around to leave, but Kennedy hurriedly stopped him. “Mr. Lucas, wait a minute!”

He grabbed a PIN-locked briefcase from the middle-aged man behind him and handed it to Lucas respectfully with both hands.

“This is all the information and the equity transfer letter of the Stardust Corporation, which used to belong to your mother. Now, it’s only right for you to take over its operations. Treat it as compensation from the Huttons.”

“Compensation?” Lucas smiled mirthlessly. “The Stardust Corporation belongs to my mother in the first place. The Huttons forcefully snatched it away from her and encroached on it. Even if you didn’t return it, I’d snatch it back on my own!

“You snatched someone else’s asset, and now you’re acting like you’re giving it to me out of kindness. Are you still expecting me to be grateful too? How thick-skinned! Let me warn you, don’t treat me like a fool, and don’t provoke me ever again. Or else I’ll tear your family apart!”

Lucas pushed the bodyguards away and left with the briefcase.

Staring at his taut back, Kennedy shook his head and sighed. “Ah, he’s still as hot-tempered as ever.”

As the chief butler of the Hutton family, Chad Kennedy was well aware that the Huttons had indeed gone overboard back then. However, the situation in Washington DC now was unfavorable, and he had no choice but to think of a way to repair the relationship between Lucas and the Huttons.

Kennedy patted the middle-aged man on his shoulder. “Ethan Sawyer, you’re now one of the most prominent figures in Orange County. You ought to do something about the matter regarding Mr. Gray.”

The middle-aged man nodded respectfully. “I managed to achieve what I have today, all thanks to you and the Hutton family. It’s only right for me to do this. Don’t worry. I will definitely do my best to help Mr. Gray.”

If there were people who knew the middle-aged man and saw him being very polite and respectful toward Kennedy, they would have definitely been astonished.

Well, because he was Ethan Sawyer, the wealthiest man in Orange County and the business tycoon who owned businesses in several states!





Chapter 3: I’m Back




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Lucas was sitting in the backseat of a car with a sullen expression.

Kennedy’s appearance reminded him of the past that he didn’t want to remember.

Back then, he was called a bastard and an illegitimate child at a tender age, and got chased out of his home together with his mother, whose assets and valuables were all seized. He had a high, persistent fever at the time. And while holding him in her arms, his mother knelt by the Huttons’ doorstep and pleaded for help, only to hear them say coldly, “We don’t care about the lives of those who are not one of the Huttons.”

Afterward, his mother moved around and brought him to Orange County, where she worked hard to make ends meet. Although life was tough, she managed to raise him to adulthood. However, his mother developed an illness and collapsed after years of toiling and living a strenuous life.

At that time, Lucas had just graduated from college, and his meager wage was a drop in the bucket compared to the hefty medical bills. He swallowed his pride and tried to seek help from the Huttons, only to receive a heartless rejection and harsh mockery and criticism, which made him feel hopeless and resentful toward the Huttons.

Shortly after, he and Cheyenne were drugged, thus resulting in the scandal that spread like wildfire in the entire county. The Carters requested that he marry into their family.

He agreed on the condition that the Carters would lend him fifty thousand dollars for his mother’s treatment.

However, by the time he rushed to the hospital with the money, his mother had already passed away.

At that time, Lucas was devastated and felt like a complete failure in life. He failed to save his mother and wasn’t worthy of an outstanding girl like Cheyenne either.

To make matters worse, the Carters often mocked him in the past. Lucas decided to leave the Carters and join the military. He swore to make a name for himself so that he could stand proudly beside Cheyenne.

Now, he had returned.

——

The car sped along the road, and he soon arrived at the Carter residence.

Lucas stood outside the courtyard gate that he was familiar with and seemed rather nervous about returning home.

Years ago, he left without saying goodbye, and he didn’t know what Cheyenne thought of him now.

Just as he was about to go up and knock on the door, he heard some boisterous laughter coming from outside.

“Mr. Miller, since you’re so sincere about Cheyenne, we shall be straightforward. Let’s just settle on a date.”

Lucas was stunned. He reckoned that the voice belonged to Karen, his mother-in-law and Cheyenne’s mother.

“Missus—Karen, you’re being too polite. Since we’re going to be a family in the future, don’t be so formal. Just call me by my name.”

“Sure, sure, you’re so young and eloquent. Cheyenne is so lucky to have met you! As her parents, we can rest assured now!”

“However, I heard her former...”

“You mean that good-for-nothing? It’s alright. The law states that a missing person can be declared dead after being missing for four years. He’s already disappeared for more than six years, so he must have died in some hellhole! If you’re still worried, let’s go to the court and get a certificate.”

“In my opinion, Cheyenne is brilliant in all aspects, except that her husband, my brother-in-law, is a good-for-nothing.”

“That piece of trash isn’t your brother-in-law. From now on, your brother-in-law is Mr. Miller.”

When Lucas heard this, his face turned incredibly gloomy, and he couldn’t tolerate it any longer.

He had come back for Cheyenne, and yet he heard her family talking about her remarriage. No matter what, he had to see her to clarify.

Bang! Bang! He knocked on the door.

“Who is it? Coming.” Having settled her eldest daughter’s marriage with a wealthy man, Karen was in a good mood, and she opened the door with a gleeful grin.

However, her expression changed dramatically when she saw the person at the door.

“You... you’re not dead?” Shock was written all over her face, which seemed to have paled all of a sudden. Her expression was now full of disgust and disdain. This good-for-nothing is back!

Although Lucas’s appearance had changed over the years, she could still recognize him, as she would curse him in her head dozens of times each day!

“I’m back, Karen,” Lucas said calmly.

“How could you have the cheek to come back, you wastrel?! Don’t act so close to me! It’s Mrs Carter. Didn’t your dead mother teach you any manners!” Karen hollered, her brows furrowed and her hands on her waist. Her saliva almost landed on Lucas’s face.

Lucas’s heart was suddenly full of fury!

His mother’s death would forever be a sore spot in his heart and the reason for his rebellion!

He clenched his fists and repeatedly warned himself not to get physical because the woman in front of him was Cheyenne’s biological mother.

“What? Do you want to hit me? You’re such a jinx. Of all times, you had to come back now. I bet you’re bent on making life hard for us!”

“Who’s out there?” When Cheyenne’s father heard the ruckus, he walked out of the living room too.

When he saw Lucas’s face, his eyes widened immediately, and he charged forward with a furious expression in a bid to punch Lucas!

“Bastard, how dare you come back?! Why didn’t you die outside?! Huh?”

Just as his fist was about to land on Lucas’s face, a hand that was as strong as an iron clamp pinched his tightly.

“Old man, you must be tired of living! How dare you try to hit Lucas...” Jordan had been Lucas’s subordinate for years and had long treated him as his closest kin. How could he stand by and watch him get humiliated by others?

With an icy-cold gaze in his eyes, he emitted a murderous aura that frightened Cheyenne’s father to the point that he turned as pale as a sheet!





Chapter 4: Take The Money and Get Lost




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Stand down!” Lucas hollered at Jordan. “This is a family affair. Go out first.”

Jordan reluctantly but obediently withdrew his hand, glowered at Cheyenne’s parents again, and left.

Cheyenne’s parents were full of resentment, but they did not dare to get physical with Lucas again.

Jordan’s terrifying gaze intimidated them, and they even had some scruples about Lucas.

However, as they looked at Lucas’s cheap clothes and calm expression that was almost the same as the past, their worries vanished.

I was thinking too much. A good-for-nothing is still a good-for-nothing! “What are you doing standing at the door? Hurry up and come in, you disgraceful thing!” Karen pushed the door open furiously and entered.

Cheyenne’s father humphed coldly, finding Lucas an eyesore.

Lucas followed him and entered the house.

The living room of the Carters’ home was very lively at this moment, as it was crowded with more than ten relatives.

Upon sight of Lucas, who came in after Cheyenne’s parents, many of them who knew who Lucas was looked puzzled.

“Isn’t this... that good-for-nothing? Why is he suddenly back?”

“Who? Is this the good-for-nothing you guys mentioned just now? Didn’t you say that he already died?”

“Who knows? He’s been missing for so many years. And now that Mr. Miller is going to get engaged with Cheyenne, he’s come scurrying back. Who knows what thoughts he’s harboring?!”

“He definitely has evil intentions.”

Lucas glanced at the people around him, some of whom used to mock him and some of whom he hadn’t met before.

The most striking one was a young man sitting in the center of the couch and gaining the attention of everyone.

He looked around his mid-to-late-twenties and was dressed fashionably, his hair gelled back and his under-eye bags slightly puffy. He was obviously an avid drinker and a lustful person.

He reckoned that he was Mr. Miller, the new fiancé that the Carters chose for Cheyenne, whom everyone else was talking about.

Lucas secretly sneered. They’re treating this piece of trash like a treasure?

However, Cheyenne was not in the living room, and that made Lucas, who wanted to see her, feel slightly disappointed.

Visibly annoyed, Karen said, “Okay, we can’t be bothered to talk to you either. The point of today’s meeting is regarding Mr. Miller and Cheyenne’s marriage anyway. You came at the right time. This saves us the hassle of getting your death certificate from the courts. When Cheyenne comes home, immediately go get a divorce with her.”

Lucas did not utter a single word.

This group of relatives gathered here suddenly began mocking him sarcastically.

“What? You don’t want to get a divorce?”

“Of course he doesn’t. It wasn’t easy for him to marry the greatest beauty of Orange County and form ties with the Carters. Of course, he’s going to cling tightly onto her.”

“How shameless. Doesn’t he realize that he can’t hold a candle to Mr. Miller at all? He doesn’t have any self-awareness!”

“Look at how shabby he is. He’s not even worthy of carrying Mr. Miller’s shoes! Hurry up and make yourself scarce!”

Cheyenne’s father knocked on the table and exclaimed, “I’ll be honest. I won’t let my daughter suffer together with you! What can a penniless man like you give her? If you still have a conscience, and if you’re still a man, have the decency and self-awareness to divorce her. Stop wasting Cheyenne’s time and holding her back!”

Lucas closed his eyes and looked unusually composed. “If Cheyenne doesn’t want to be with me any longer, she can let me know herself, and I’ll divorce her without another word. But you people have no right to make arrangements for us!” he barked sneeringly as he stared at the people around him.

What? This loser says we have no right?!

Just as they were about to lose their temper, someone burst into laughter, stopping them from talking.

Mr. Miller seems to be about to say something. Of course, we have to wait for him to finish!

Seth Miller was snuggled up on the couch, fiddling with his Patek Philippe watch and large ring while sizing Lucas up.

“You must be that... someone, right? What have you been doing these past few years?”

Lucas said indifferently, “I was just getting by.”

Seth chuckled again and clapped his hands as he stood up. “I suggest you don’t force me to deal with you the hard way. Cheyenne isn’t someone a wimp like you deserves. Even a fool knows why you’re clinging to the Carters.”

He took out a check from his pocket. “Here’s a check for thirty thousand. It’s enough to support you for several years. Be smart, take it, and get lost, lest you end up with nothing in the end,” Seth threatened.

Lucas reached out to take the check while the others watched in contempt.

“Indeed, he just wants money!”

“A loser is a loser. You’ve probably never had so much money all your life, huh?!”

“Mr. Miller just had to wave his hand, and this piece of trash took the money readily. Tsk.”

A crisp sound filled the air, immediately making everyone stop their mockery as they looked at Lucas in disbelief.

This good-for-nothing tore the check!

He tore the thirty thousand dollar check!

Is he out of his mind?!

Everyone watched in disbelief as Lucas gently tossed the ripped pieces of the torn check.

“Seth Miller, you’re just an outsider. You don’t have the right to interfere in our affairs.”





Chapter 5: Meeting Again




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“You!” Seth immediately flew into a rage. No one had ever dared to be so arrogant toward him!

The Carters were just as furious as him as they angrily charged forward to surround Lucas, as though they were going to hit him.

Just as the conflict was getting heated, someone pushed the door open and entered.

“W-what’s going on?”

Lucas’s heart palpitated, and his body stiffened.

He had never dared to forget that familiar voice, which was already deeply etched in his mind.

He stood still in place without turning around.

He had imagined and even rehearsed the scene of meeting Cheyenne again countless times in his head. This time, he was here specifically to see her too. But when he heard her gentle voice, Lucas suddenly realized that he didn’t know how he should face her.

What should I say to her?

However, Cheyenne didn’t quite notice Lucas, who had his back facing the door.

As soon as she entered, she saw a large group of her relatives gathered together and surrounding Seth Miller.

Cheyenne’s eyebrows furrowed. Lately, Seth had been declaring his love for her and resorting to all sorts of harassment, annoying her to no end. Just now, she saw Seth’s extremely flashy sports car parked near the entrance of her home.

“Why are you here again? I’ve already said that I won’t consider it,” Cheyenne rebuked, looking upset.

“Watch your tone with Seth!” Karen reprimanded before hurriedly saying, “It’s good that you’re back. Since the courts are still open, hurry up and get a divorce with this good-for-nothing!”

“What?” Cheyenne was feeling confused when the little girl beside her leaped toward Lucas with glistening eyes. “Daddy! Daddy, are you here to see me?”

Daddy? Bewildered, Cheyenne shifted her gaze onto the back of the person whom she had neglected. This familiar height and silhouette... She came to a sudden realization and took a step back. It’s... him?

Lucas squatted down, reached out, and wrapped his arm around the little girl, who was once again enthusiastically holding onto his thigh. He scrutinized her carefully.

She had thin eyebrows, beautiful glowing eyes, and tiny diamond-shaped lips. She was obviously beautiful even though her features had yet to develop fully.

So this kid is a Carter.

It turned out that he found her strangely familiar because her features were similar to Cheyenne’s.

Could she be... As he thought of a certain possibility, his heart pounded vigorously.

Holding the little girl in his arms, he suddenly felt very close and affectionate with her.

He then took a deep breath, turned around, and looked at the person in front of him, whom he had thought about countless times.

Cheyenne’s long hair was draped over her shoulders, and she was dressed in a light gray bespoke business suit, with shock and puzzlement all over her face.

Her beautiful eyes were fixed on the person in front of her.

He was no longer the fresh graduate from six years ago. Although the man in front of her had the same features, he no longer looked young. His face had become chiseled, making him look much more mature and reliable.

Her expression quickly changed from shock to composure. But beneath her composure, there was some anger brewing. Her chest was heaving up and down, and her fingernails were digging into the flesh of her palm.

“Cheyenne, I...”

“Why did you come back?” Cheyenne interrupted. She said agitatedly in a hoarse voice, “After doing that, you left without saying anything. We thought you were dead all this time. What are you back now for?!”

She kept her eyes glued on Lucas with hatred.

Back then, the two of them were drugged in a hotel, and it became a scandal that broke out overnight. For the sake of covering things up, the Carters let him marry Cheyenne hastily.

Although the two did not have feelings at that time, Cheyenne decided to spend the rest of her life with him since what was done could not be undone.

However, she never expected him to steal fifty thousand dollars from her father and then vanish without a trace soon after they got married.

He’s just a thorough liar!

However, she soon discovered that she was pregnant. After hesitating for a long time, she decided to keep the baby. But she did not expect her company to encounter crisis after crisis during the toughest stage of her pregnancy. She was so infuriated that she went into premature labor while someone took advantage and encroached on the Brilliance Corporation.

Whenever Cheyenne thought about the hardship and grievances that she suffered during that time, she felt immense heartache and extreme hatred for the irresponsible and horrendous man who had left without saying goodbye!

“Are you back to jeopardize my life again? What have I done to make you hate me so much that you want to ruin me again and again?” With hatred in her heart, her eyes seemed to be burning with anger as they turned bloodshot.

Although she didn’t cry, Lucas was heartbroken to see her like this.

When he left without saying goodbye back then, he had indeed hurt Cheyenne tremendously, and that was something that he would never be able to make up for no matter what he did.

“I’m very sorry.” Filled with immense guilt, this was the only thing he could say even though he knew that his words were useless.

Sensing the tension in the house, the little girl hugged Lucas’s neck tightly and shouted, “Mommy...”

Cheyenne closed her eyes and tried to calm herself down because she didn’t want to scare her precious daughter. “Why did you leave back then?”

“I left because... I want to become deserving enough to be your husband.” This was truly what Lucas felt. Even though he had good intentions, the way he handled the matter was indeed inappropriate.

Cheyenne sneered, not believing him at all. “So, why did you steal my father’s money before you left?”

“What money?” Lucas was stunned and confused.





Chapter 6: My Daughter




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Don’t bother arguing!” Karen immediately screeched. “You were penniless and had nothing to your name back then. We were kind enough to let you marry into our family and provided you with food and a roof over your head. Yet you stole our money when we let our guards down and absconded!”

Lucas frowned and frantically explained when he thought of something, “No such thing! Back then, I did borrow fifty thousand from William. But I returned it on the same night...”

“Nonsense! You clearly stole it!” Karen interjected harshly before turning to look at Cheyenne’s father, William. “Tell us. Did you lend him the money, or did he steal it?”

“Hmph, he married into our family, so why would I lend him fifty thousand? He obviously stole it and then fled!” William insisted.

“There’s such a thing? You’re being too nice to him! If I were in your place, I would have long sued him and put him behind bars!”

“Exactly. I only found out about this today. This person is trash!”

“He stole fifty thousand, yet he still has the cheek to come back. Gosh, he’s too shameless!”

“Quickly, get a divorce. If he dares not to divorce, we’ll sue him!”

The relatives of the Carters were flabbergasted.

Lucas sneered in his head. This couple actually fabricated a lie to frame me and accuse me of absconding with their money. Seems like they’re out to ruin my reputation before chasing me out.

“Hmph, if I really stole so much money from you, why didn’t you say anything or file a police report after I left?”

Lucas looked Cheyenne’s parents straight in the eye. Having stayed in the military camp for years, he had developed a menacing aura that was so domineering that the two dared not to make eye contact with him and instead shifted their gazes away.

“Well, we just don’t want to air our dirty laundry in public. We helped save your reputation, but you’re blaming us instead, you good-for-nothing?” William roared, but it was clear that he wasn’t that confident.

“I believe you all know the truth in your hearts.” Lucas didn’t say anything else. Trying to threaten me with something fabricated? Impossible.

Cheyenne looked at their reactions. Having been brainwashed and fed lies about Lucas absconding with her father’s money by her parents for years, Cheyenne had already begun to suspect something. Is it possible that... he really didn’t flee after stealing the money back then?

“In short, hurry up and get lost!” Karen rushed forward to knock Lucas forcefully.

Lucas swayed from the impact while the little girl in his arms was frightened to tears by her ferocious and menacing gaze.

She hugged Lucas’s neck and bawled loudly. “No! I want Daddy! Don’t chase Daddy away!”

Karen chided furiously, “How is this good-for-nothing your father? What are you crying for?! Keep crying, and I’ll lock you in the attic!”

The frightened little girl shivered violently in fear and burped as she sobbed, not daring to cry again, her eyes full of terror.

Judging from her reaction... she must have been locked in the attic before! As anger surged in his heart, Lucas glared daggers at everyone with an icy cold gaze that seemed to make the entire living room freeze!

Just as Lucas was about to lose his temper uncontrollably, a pair of hands carried the little girl away from his arms.

Cheyenne kissed her daughter’s frightened little face. She was so heartbroken that she was on the verge of tears. “Mother, the last time you locked Amelia in the attic, she was so frightened that she had a high fever for days! Why are you scaring her again now? She’s still young, and you’re her biological grandmother. Don’t you care about her at all?”

“I-I was just frustrated and said that to scare her! I’m not really going to lock her up. Seriously, it’s her fault for being so biased toward her father at such a young age...” Karen muttered.

Her voice got extremely soft at the end, but Lucas had sensitive hearing and immediately grasped the keyword.

His heart was thumping fast, and he felt a lump in his throat. Trying to verify something, he asked Cheyenne, “She... Is Amelia... our daughter?”

Cheyenne bit her lips tightly. She wanted to shake her head and deny it. But when she saw the expectant gaze in the eyes of her daughter in her arms, she couldn’t bring herself to say no.

Amelia had been clamoring for her father, and Lucas was indeed her biological father.

She nodded with a complicated expression.

Now that his vague suspicion had been confirmed, Lucas was inexplicably agitated!

He didn’t expect the child who had pounced on him and called him ‘Daddy’ during their first meeting at the airport to be his flesh and blood!

The power of genetics is so amazing!

Lucas looked at Cheyenne and Amelia with a tender gaze that contained a tinge of remorse.

He owed them too much!

Lucas curbed his urge to go up and pull them into his arms. He nodded solemnly and promised, “Don’t worry. Since I’ve come back, I won’t let you two down again.”

At the side, Karen rolled her eyes and exclaimed, “Hmph, talk is cheap! You’re a penniless man who has nothing. You shamelessly came back, and you still want us to feed you? Dream on!”

She poked Cheyenne’s arm forcefully, looking like she was expecting better from her. “I’m telling you, go and divorce this good-for-nothing later! Seth has already said that he’ll get engaged to you on an auspicious date in the next few days. Do you hear me?”

Lucas’s eyes were full of fury, and the temperature around him seemed to plunge several degrees!





Chapter 7: Pink Diamond Pendant




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Karen’s presumptuous behavior made Cheyenne feel very uncomfortable.

“Mother, I’ve already told you several times that I won’t marry Mr. Miller.” She turned to look at Seth. “Mr. Miller, you come from a privileged family, and there are many girls who like you. I’m already married, and I really don’t deserve you, so you shouldn’t waste any more time on me.”

Karen was so infuriated that she pinched Cheyenne several times and barked, “Why are you so muddled?! Seth is such an eligible man. You’re lucky he fancies you!”

Then she turned to apologize to Seth. “Seth, we’ve spoiled Cheyenne rotten. Sometimes, she’s thick in the head, so please don’t mind her! Don’t worry. I have the final say in this household.”

Seth smiled faintly and pretended to be nonchalant. “It’s alright, Karen. I believe that Cheyenne will believe in my sincerity one day.”

However, he was extremely displeased. I, Seth Miller, have never been blatantly rejected by a woman before! She’s just a married woman. Why is she being so pretentious?! She seriously doesn’t know any better. When I win her heart, I’ll certainly make her obey me!

He didn’t bother taking a single glance at Lucas. To him, Lucas was just Cheyenne’s in-name husband and simply an insignificant nobody.

Lucas squinted. How dare he try to court my wife in front of me? Very brazen, eh?

“Mr. Miller is so magnanimous and gentlemanly!”

“Of course, the JW Corporation belonging to the Millers is one of the top few major enterprises of the county, and Mr. Miller graduated from an overseas college. He’s well-educated and has a good upbringing. How can someone here hold a candle to him?”

“Haha, from now on, Mr. Miller will be part of our family. We have to learn from him!”

The Carters’ relatives praised Seth incessantly, as though Cheyenne had already married him.

Cheyenne frowned and felt even more infuriated and disappointed when she saw how indifferent and unaffected Lucas was as he stood by the side.

However, she didn’t know that Lucas just didn’t want to start an argument with her family in front of her because he didn’t want to put her in a difficult spot.

“Okay, okay, get ready for dinner.” Seeing that it was about time, Karen instructed the servants to serve the dishes and arranged for everyone to be seated. But she deliberately alienated Lucas and pretended as though he didn’t exist.

Everyone laughed maliciously, waiting to see this loser Lucas embarrass himself.

“Daddy, come sit here!” Amelia’s puerile voice was heavenly, and her smile was sweet. She occupied a seat beside her stool and called out to Lucas.

Lucas’s heart melted a little, as his daughter’s obedience and reliance on him made his frustration vanish.

“What are you doing? This seat is reserved for your aunt. If you like that piece of trash so much, get down and stand with him!” Karen rebuked as she picked Amelia up from the stool before tossing the stool onto the ground.

Amelia felt aggrieved, and tears welled up in her eyes.

“Mother, consider the occasion today!” Cheyenne picked her daughter up and placed her on her lap heartbrokenly before glancing at Lucas. She said sternly, “Sit down.”

Just as everyone sat down at the table, Seth chuckled. “I almost forgot. I haven’t wished our little birthday girl a happy birthday.” He took out a beautiful gift box and handed it over. “I hope the little beauty Amelia will like this.”

Lucas was stunned. So it’s my daughter’s birthday today! I’ve failed as a father.

His heart was full of guilt.

Amelia thanked him politely and opened the gift box under her relatives’ encouragement.

A pinkish-purple gemstone pendant glistened under the light, dazzling dreamily.

“Wow! This is beautiful!”

The women present couldn’t help but gasp in amazement. All women were interested in jewelry, especially such a beautiful and alluring gemstone.

Seth smiled smugly. “This is a gemstone I obtained by chance. The pink natural gemstone in the middle is the rarest. After knowing that Amelia’s birthday was coming, I specially hired the most renowned jewelry designer in Italy to make it.”

“Pink diamond? I’ve never seen one before! It’s so beautiful!”

“Oh my god! It’s such a big natural pink diamond. It must be worth a lot of money!”

“That goes without saying. Mr. Miller’s gift will never be cheap. It should cost at least fifteen thousand dollars.”

Seth enjoyed listening to the compliments of the crowd but still remained reserved on the surface. “Not at all. It only cost about one hundred and fifty thousand.”

“Oh my god! One hundred and fifty thousand dollars!”

Everyone inhaled sharply. They were astonished!

“It’s just a gift for a child, but it costs one hundred and fifty thousand. Mr. Miller is indeed very generous!”

“Amelia is so lucky to have such a good father who will dote on her in the future.”

Cheyenne’s eyes were full of annoyance. Here they go again. These people just love jumping to conclusions on their own. When did I ever say that I was going to marry Seth?

“Mr. Miller has given her such an expensive gift. What about you? Surely you didn’t come empty-handed, did you?” Cheyenne’s younger sister Charlotte suddenly asked with raised brows.

The eyes of the crowd immediately focused on Lucas. They were obviously not expecting anything. Instead, they were excited to see him make a fool out of himself.

What gift can this good-for-nothing give? He will probably never be able to afford a gift as expensive as the pink diamond Seth gave!





Chapter 8: What Is Your Agenda?




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Lucas had only just learned that Amelia was his daughter, so how could he have prepared a present in advance?

However, he didn’t panic. Instead, he removed a bead bracelet from his wrist and handed it to Amelia. “Happy Birthday, Amelia. Daddy wishes for you to grow up safely and happily.”

Lucas obtained that moonstone bracelet at the border, and his superiors gave it to him as a reward. It looked ordinary, but it was a rare treasure.

Charlotte reached out and snatched the bead bracelet. After taking a glance at it, she snorted with laughter. “Your gift is so shabby! Seth gave her a rare gemstone, and yet you, her biological father, gave her a lousy bracelet. Do you really have the cheek to give it to her?”

Everyone craned their necks and looked over, only to be amused when they finally took a clear glimpse.

This bead bracelet is made of some lousy white wood. It’s so light, and every bead looks stained with dirt. It’s obviously a poor quality bracelet that no one would buy even at a dollar store!

Everyone burst into laughter, and despite her tender age, Amelia could sense the mockery in their laughter.

Amelia snatched the bracelet away from Charlotte and held it close to her chest. She shouted angrily, “I like this one! I like anything that Daddy gives me!”

Lucas’s heart warmed, and he touched her head affectionately. He then put the bracelet on her slender and tender wrist.

Fiddling with the fine, white, and light beads on her wrist, Amelia happily raised her arm and showed it to Cheyenne. “Mommy, isn’t it pretty?”

“You’re treating lousy wood like a treasure!” Karen pursed her lips disdainfully. She grabbed the dazzling pink diamond pendant Seth gave, placed it on Amelia’s neck, and then nagged, “Amelia, you’re young, so you have no clue. But I’m telling you, this pendant is the good stuff.”

Lucas suddenly reached out to stop Karen and snatched away the pendant before retreating far away from Amelia.

“What are you doing?! Are you committing a robbery?” Karen immediately snapped in a high-pitched voice as she glared at Lucas.

Lucas sneered silently and tightened his grip, crushing the exquisite and beautiful gemstone pendant in his hand.

“Ah! What are you doing?!!” Karen screamed and was on the verge of passing out!

That’s a precious gemstone worth more than one hundred and fifty thousand dollars!

What has that bastard done?!

The ten-odd people around them were stunned speechless as their cups and chopsticks fell on the table and the ground.

A precious gemstone pendant worth more than one hundred and fifty thousand has been crushed into bits. This good-for-nothing is really brazen!

Seth’s expression was incredibly sullen.

It was one thing for the pendant to be ruined, but Lucas’s action was a huge insult to him!

With a furious expression and anger in him, he asked, “What do you mean by doing that?”

“Your gift isn’t good. Amelia can’t wear it,” Lucas said indifferently.

“You!” Seth suddenly sprang up and snapped, “You’re a damned pauper! What do you know?! Have you ever seen anything good?” His eyes were full of contempt.

“I haven’t seen many good things, but I can identify counterfeit goods,” Lucas said casually with a drastic change of expression.

“I think we all know how rare and precious natural pink diamonds are. The price of natural pink diamonds at jewelry auctions ranges from 1.5 to 4 million dollars per carat, depending on the color. The average price of a medium-grade purplish-pink diamond like the one you gave is averagely priced at 2.5 dollars per carat. The size of that pink diamond you gave her is no less than two carats, meaning that you need at least five million dollars to buy it, yet you only spent one hundred and fifty thousand?”

When Seth heard the word ‘counterfeit’ and the figures Lucas listed in his analytical breakdown, his face had already turned hostile. However, how could he admit that he just gave his men a few thousand dollars to purchase a random gemstone to fool them?

He stared at Lucas furiously and seemed to be trying to pierce a hole through him with his gaze. “You’re talking about prices at auctions. What if I managed to get that pink diamond at a good deal?”

Lucas was not afraid of him at all, and he simply spread his palm to reveal the debris. “I’m afraid you must have made a blunder then. A real pink diamond can’t be crushed by hand.”

Seth’s face turned pale, and he was suddenly speechless.

Everyone knew that diamond was the hardest naturally occurring material in the world, and it was difficult to cut. Who could crush it by hand?

The people around immediately understood that the pink diamond pendant Seth gifted, which left them in envy, was a counterfeit good.

Had someone else given a counterfeit gemstone as a gift, they would definitely mock him. But the person who did so now was Seth. Who would dare to laugh at him?

Seeing Seth’s sullen expression, they frantically tried to give him an out.

“Mr. Miller isn’t a professional gemstone appraiser, so it’s inevitable for him to make a mistake. Why do you have to be so overbearing?”

“Exactly. Besides, even if there’s something wrong, it’s still a beautifully-designed gemstone. But you crushed it. You really went overboard!”

“He’s just trying to show how capable he is! Psht, this loser gave a lousy wooden bead bracelet. What right does he have to criticize Seth’s gift?”

Lucas glanced at them coldly. “If it’s just a fake gemstone, of course I wouldn’t be bothered. But this thing is made of heinrichite! You guys probably know how much radiation heinrichite emits, right? How can you wear such a thing all the time?”

He glared at everyone with a sharp gaze.

Everyone was dumbfounded and speechless as they avoided his gaze. Some who had just touched the pendant were so scared that they even secretly rubbed their hands against their clothes.

“So...” Lucas glanced at Seth, whose forehead was covered in sweat, and released his domineering aura! “You gave such a highly radioactive pendant to a five-year-old. What exactly is your agenda?!”





Chapter 9: Expensive Gift List




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Seth was so astonished by Lucas’s aura that he involuntarily took a step backward. By the time he reacted, he was vexed and infuriated!

He was actually frightened by a good-for-nothing. Although it was only for a moment, it was a huge insult!

Karen yelled at Lucas, “Shut up! What do you know? Even if Mr. Miller made a mistake and bought the wrong thing, it definitely wasn’t deliberate! What nonsense are you spouting about radioactivity? A loser like you knows nothing!”

One of the relatives with a beer belly stood up and chimed in, “Exactly! I’ve never heard of heinrichite before. How can a good-for-nothing like you know what it is? Don’t make up a name and try to fool us with it!”

Lucas’s eyes were icy cold. Karen was Cheyenne’s mother, so he couldn’t humiliate her, but the other relatives were different. He walked toward the relative with a beer belly and said, “Since you’re saying that I’m making up stories and that this thing is harmless, try it yourself.”

Lucas handed the diamond debris over and acted like he was about to rub it on the relative with the beer belly.

“Stop, stop! Don’t come over!” the relative with the beer belly immediately wailed and retreated, knocking down several chairs in the process. The people around him retreated too as they stared at the debris in his hand with fear, as if they were staring at a ferocious beast.

Chaos broke out in the hall.

“Enough!”

Amid the chaotic commotion, Cheyenne, who was currently holding her daughter in her arms silently, smashed a bowl onto the ground, giving everyone a great shock.

She took a deep breath and walked up to Seth. “I’m sorry the pendant you gave Amelia was shattered. I’ll compensate you for it.”

Seth remained gentlemanly in front of Cheyenne. Shaking his head, he said, “It’s a gift for Amelia in the first place. I didn’t expect it to turn into a joke because of my mistake. It’s good enough that you don’t blame me. How could I make you pay for it? I’ll pick out another gift for Amelia to make it up to her.”

“Thanks, but that’s not necessary,” Cheyenne politely and distantly declined.

Seth wanted to say something, but Cheyenne had already walked past him and went to Lucas’s side.

Staring at the debris on Lucas’s palm, she glared at him in pique and questioned, “Why are you still holding onto it? Aren’t you scared that your hand will be hurt?”

Lucas grinned and obediently followed Cheyenne to the kitchen to clean up and wash his hands.

Seth stared at the two figures with jealousy and resentment in his eyes.

At this juncture, a modified, ostentatious, and luxurious Mercedes Benz G-wagon pulled over at the entrance of the Carters’ home, followed by two cars.

Two people alighted from the car and knocked on the door loudly.

“Who is it?!” Karen was extremely frustrated because of the ruckus in the living room, and the knocking on the door just made her feel even more annoyed.

She initially thought that she had obtained a precious gemstone worth more than 150,000 dollars from Seth, but it turned out to be a counterfeit. To make things worse, it was highly radioactive too. She had touched the pendant for a long time, and at this moment, she felt extremely uncomfortable.

However, it would be embarrassing to wash her hands in front of Seth. It truly irked her.

She opened the door in frustration and chastised, “What are you knocking for...”

Before she finished speaking, she was frightened by the two bodyguards at the door, who were tall and burly like steel towers. She then fell silent.

After swallowing her saliva, she asked cautiously, “Who are you... looking for?”

“Excuse me, is this William Carter’s home?” asked a man in his fifties who looked like a butler.

“Are you looking for my husband?”

Hearing his name, William walked over from the living room. When he saw the person in front of him, he was astounded! Isn’t this old man in the black tuxedo Louis Alcott, the chief butler who often follows Ethan Sawyer, the richest man in Orange County, around?

Cheyenne’s father hurriedly walked down the steps and bent forward with a smile. “I didn’t know it was you, Mr. Alcott. I’m sorry for not welcoming you properly.”

Just as he was about to shake the hand of this famous chief butler, someone beside him interposed abruptly and beat him to it.

Seth grinned as enthusiastically as he could. “What brings you here, Mr. Alcott? It’s a great honor to see you here. Please quickly enter.”

Louis frowned. “Who are you?”

“I’m Seth Miller, and my father is David Miller, who owns the JW Corporation. A few days ago, we...”

“I don’t know such a person!” Before Seth could report his family background, Louis retracted his hand coldly and even took out a handkerchief to wipe his hand. He didn’t bother looking at him at all.

A second-rate company like the JW Corporation was nothing compared to the Sawyer Corporation.

Seth’s face was suddenly red yet pale.

He originally thought he would be able to make some connections with a big shot. But in the end, he was insulted. He felt incredibly embarrassed, especially since it happened in front of the Carters, which he was trying to please.

Cheyenne’s father dared not speak and simply looked at Louis anxiously, wondering why this big shot was here to look for him...

“Are you William Carter?”

Cheyenne’s father nodded his head vigorously.

Louis assented and remained silent. He then took out a large wad of a gift list from his chest pocket and handed it over.

Karen’s eyes glistened. She hurriedly grabbed it to take a look.

“Moon Palace Real Estate’s Luxurious Lakeside Villa!”

“Limited-edition Lamborghini supercar!”

“Ninety percent shares of Venus Apparel!”

“Ninety percent shares of Spring Cloud Hotel!”

“One Glorious Splendor Goldsmith branch!”

“Nine stores in the Golden Wing International Commercial Building!”

...

As Karen looked at the items, her breathing became heavier, and she started reading the items out agitatedly.

In the end, she exclaimed, “There’s also a betrothal gift of a million dollars! Oh my god!”

She screamed, and her face was as red as a tomato as she pinched Willam’s arm tightly. “Hubby, I’m not dreaming, am I?!”





Chapter 10: Get Out of the House




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Cheyenne’s father, William Carter, winced and grimaced in pain because Karen’s sharp nails were digging into his flesh. However, he couldn’t whimper in pain because he felt like he was dreaming!

He had his eyes peeled on the red gift list without blinking, as if the hefty gift list would fly away if he blinked.

Louis instructed the two bodyguards to carry a large box wrapped in red silk from the car and place it in the middle of the courtyard. The crowd couldn’t take their eyes off the box at all.

After completing his task, Louis didn’t stay any longer. But he subtly winked at Lucas, who was standing at the end of the crowd before he left.

As soon as he left, the people present immediately unwrapped the box and removed the lid to reveal large wads of banknotes that were simply bedazzling, as well as a car key, title deeds, and more than ten share certificates.

“Oh goodness. The items in this box are probably worth more than a few million dollars, right?”

“Are you a fool? There’s already a million in cash, and Moon Palace Real Estate’s Luxurious Lakeside Villa is worth several million. Look at the sports car at the door. It costs at least a couple million!”

“There are so many shares of a goldsmith store and nine stores at Golden Wing. Oh my god! I can’t calculate it! This box is worth at least ten million!”

The sounds of gasps of amazement and the gulping of saliva could be heard.

“They’re all mine! Don’t move!” Seeing that someone couldn’t resist reaching out to grab something, Karen pounced onto the box and glowered at each of them warily.

At this moment, some relatives finally reacted and realized that the items in the box didn’t belong to them!

They instantly looked at Cheyenne’s parents with fiery gazes in their reddened eyes, green with envy.

“Uncle William, your daughter is so fortunate!”

“I just heard that they’re betrothal gifts. Have the Sawyers taken a liking to Charlotte?”

“That’s the Sawyer family, the wealthiest family in Orange County. They’re so generous! Charlotte has fallen into a gold mine this time!”

“Why didn’t I give birth to such a brilliant daughter? Charlotte, when you get married into the Sawyer family in the future, don’t forget to give your uncle a hand!”

Charlotte was so agitated that her face turned beet red.

Which woman hasn’t fantasized about marrying into a wealthy family? Although she wasn’t sure when the scion of the Sawyers had taken a liking to her, the fact that they had generously sent such hefty gifts to her family’s doorstep meant that he was very fond of her!

Charlotte’s face glowed with shyness and joy.

Looking at her sister’s shy expression, Cheyenne felt envious but happy for her. At the same time, she also felt a little bitter and melancholic, breaking Lucas’s heart.

He walked toward Cheyenne and said gently, “Actually, these are all for you.”

“What?” Cheyenne didn’t hear what he said clearly because she was distracted.

Standing at the side, Charlotte seemed to have heard it. She flew into a rage and shouted, “What did you say?!”

Charlotte grabbed the key to the sports car and a large stack of title deeds and almost threw them at Lucas’s face. “Look, the Sawyers’s scion has merely taken a liking to me, and yet they’ve already given such hefty betrothal gifts. What about you? My sister has been married to you for so many years, but have you ever given her anything? Not to mention betrothal gifts, the expenses for the wedding banquet and the invitation cards were all paid for by my family back then! If you still have some shame, hurry up and divorce my sister!”

Lucas was a little infuriated. He had initially prepared the things that Charlotte was holding for Cheyenne. Not only had she taken them, she even mocked him and rubbed salt into Cheyenne’s wounds.

He wanted to make some sarcastic remarks, but Cheyenne hurriedly stopped him.

“That’s enough. It’s Amelia’s birthday today and a joyous occasion for Charlotte. Let’s continue eating.”

The knocked-over chairs and broken plates in the living room had been cleaned up long ago. William instructed the servants to serve a few bottles of wine, as he planned to celebrate this joyous event with his relatives.

However, Seth didn’t stay. He had already made a fool out of himself by gifting a counterfeit gemstone and getting exposed for it. He was also embarrassed by the hefty gifts given by Louis Alcott and the Sawyers. Thus, he was in a terrible mood and sped off in his fancy sports car.

The people flattered each other, ate, and drank all the way until the afternoon.

After everyone left, Cheyenne’s parents called Lucas and Cheyenne to the sitting room.

Lucas understood that the real show was about to begin.

Cheyenne’s father took a puff of his cigarette and said with an austere expression, “I’m not going to beat around the bush with you. When you got married back then, you were forced into it and had no other choice but to comply because of that incident. And there were no feelings between you two. You’ve been missing all these years too, and Cheyenne has been staying at home to look after Amelia, whom we are providing for. To the both of them, you’re considered dispensable. Your presence doesn’t matter to them, but if you’re around, we have to provide for you too.”

Those words were harsh, but Lucas couldn’t refute.

He had been fighting hard in the state of Calico over the years, and although he achieved great accomplishments, he had failed as a father and a husband to Amelia and Cheyenne.

“I have no excuse for what happened before. But I promise that I will treat them well in the future and fulfill my duties as a father and a husband. I won’t let them suffer anymore!”

“Hmph! Trust you to have the cheek to talk about the future!” Karen rolled her eyes in disdain. “What can you achieve with what you have now? How are you going to provide for my daughter and granddaughter? In the future? Are you going to continue to sponge off our family?

“To put it bluntly, people like you are just a burden to our family. You’re just a bloodsucking leech! We’re not going to provide for you, so hurry up and divorce Cheyenne and get lost!”





Chapter 11: Let’s Get Divorced




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ignoring Lucas’s expression, Karen continued to berate.

“Do you know how miserable Cheyenne was after you abandoned her and left? She was humiliated and mocked by others because even her incompetent husband left her. She went to the office every day even when she was pregnant and spent all her time slogging her guts out. Later on, she was so angered to the point of going into premature labor. When Amelia was born, she was as tiny as a kitten, and her life was in danger. Old Master took over the company afterward, and he still hasn’t returned it to us yet! Did you know about all of this?

“You ran away as you pleased, and now you want to come back? No way! You have nothing to your name now. What makes you have the cheek to stay?”

Karen was rattling on and on like a machine gun while pointing at Lucas.

As her saliva splattered all over him, he felt extremely uncomfortable.

Back then, he left with the intention to make a name for himself so that people would stop mocking Cheyenne for having a wastrel husband. However, he didn’t know that she was already pregnant with his child at the time, and that she even went through a dangerous labor and painstakingly raised their daughter.

Cheyenne covered her mouth as tears flowed down her eyes. The mere thought about the things that happened back then was agonizing for her. However, she clenched her jaw and stayed silent. She merely shivered a little as she tried to bear with it.

A strong sense of guilt overwhelmed Lucas.

He dropped to his knees and knelt in front of Cheyenne’s parents.

He, the God of War, the mighty and esteemed captain of Falcon Regiment, actually knelt on the ground!

“What are you doing?” Karen was stunned as she moved her body on the chair uneasily.

“I’ve indeed let Cheyenne down over all these years. I failed to fulfill my duty as her husband, and it’s only right that you’re upset with me,” Lucas said in a deep voice. “The two of you raised Cheyenne painstakingly and let her marry me. You also went through great efforts to take care of Amelia. I will remember your kindness forever.

“I know it’s useless to say anything now. But I hope that I can try my best to make it up to you guys, Cheyenne, and Amelia so that they will no longer suffer in the future.”

Lucas bent forward, and his head hit the ground!

Bang!

There was a loud sound from the ground, which was evidence of how hard the hit was!

“What are you doing?!” Cheyenne yelled to stop him, anxious and exasperated. Why did he hit the ground so hard? What if he suffers brain damage?!

Lucas raised his red and swollen forehead and smiled at the beautiful lady squatting down beside him with a worried expression. He gazed at Cheyenne longingly, as though he wanted to keep her etched in his heart forever.

When he was drugged and ended up becoming intimate with her back then, he pitied her for what happened and was stunned by her ravishing beauty. He also admired her virtuous nature.

Her excellence made him develop an inferiority complex, as he was ashamed that he had nothing to his name.

In the few years that he had spent in the campground, he would think of Cheyenne, and her face would appear in his mind whenever he was fighting a tough battle or was overwhelmed with fatigue. He would then grit his teeth and bear with it time and time again.

She was Lucas’s motivation and the person he unknowingly and deeply fell in love with.

However, he decided to let her go if all he brought her was endless misery and pain.

Deep love and complicated emotions surged in his eyes, but he simply gazed at her and said gently, “Let’s get divorced.”

Cheyenne looked at him in disbelief. Immediately afterward, she slapped him hard on his face.

Smack!

“You came back after so many years, and all you have to say is to ask me for a divorce?

“Yes, we didn’t have any feelings for each other back then, so you could leave for so many years without hesitation. I can’t blame you. I can only blame myself for my bad luck.

“But what about Amelia? Our daughter grew up without a father, and all the children at the kindergarten call her an illegitimate child every day, calling her names and saying that her father doesn’t want her. She comes home crying all the time, and I coax her by telling her that her father is a hero who’s busy all day and will be back soon.

“She finally got to see you, but what about you?! You want to get a divorce? Sure, let’s go ahead! Get lost! Scram as far as you can!”

Cheyenne finally cried out in pain and punched Lucas on his chest as she bawled her heart out, as if she was trying to vent all the grievances she had been holding in during the past few years.

Lucas was greatly distressed.

Without concern for anything else, he pulled the weeping Cheyenne into his arms. Although he had only ever shed blood and not tears, he was now teary-eyed.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make you cry. I’m sorry.” Lucas gently caressed Cheyenne’s shuddering spine and promised, “I won’t leave. I’ll treat you two very well from now on!”

“No!”

Although they had gotten a great shock when Lucas’s head hit the ground, Cheyenne’s parents were still glad to hear him initiate a divorce. That’s more like it. How can a good-for-nothing be worthy of my daughter?

However, they never expected their daughter to be the one to disagree to the divorce.

Seeing that the two of them were hugging each other and seemed to be reconciling soon, Karen panicked and tried to push Cheyenne away. “Are you a fool? Let him get lost!”

William pushed Lucas far away too. “Get lost! Hurry up and get lost! You’re not welcome in this house!”

Lucas sighed and had no choice but to leave first.





Chapter 12: Stardust Corporation




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

However, Lucas was in a better mood now.

He reckoned that Cheyenne probably didn’t want to divorce him for the sake of their daughter. But no matter what the reason might be, it was fine as long as she still wanted to stay with him.

He had long made up his mind and intended to make it up to them in double in the future, in hopes that he would really win her heart over time.

After Lucas left the Carters’ home, Jordan, who had been waiting outside for a long time, caught up with him.

“Lucas, those items given to the Carters were prepared with the help of Ethan Sawyer, the wealthiest man in Orange County. There’s also a letter for you.”

Lucas grabbed the envelope Jordan handed over, opened it, and read it with a playful smile on his face.

“The helmsman of the Sawyer family is interesting. Although I have a deep feud with the Huttons, we can still try using him. Go tell him that I’ve acknowledged his goodwill.”

“Okay, Lucas.”

After running some more errands, Lucas arrived at the office tower of the Stardust Corporation, which was located in the central business district of Orange County.

When he saw the enormous and striking office tower, as well as the familiar logo, his emotions were extremely complicated.

The company was founded independently by his mother, Emma Gray, who was an outstanding, smart, and beautiful woman.

If not for the fact that she had met his father, she would have probably developed her career and become a legendary career woman.

Unfortunately, she had been mistaken about the Huttons all her life. And the company, which she had put all her efforts into developing, was taken away from her. She was humiliated and driven out of the Huttons’ home. As a result, she had to go through great hardships to raise Lucas, but she passed away from excessive fatigue.

Lucas clenched his fist and swore that one day, he would return to the high-up-in-the-air Huttons to seek justice for his mother and himself!

At this moment, a fancy metallic red Lamborghini sports car pulled over in front of the Stardust Corporation office tower, after which two beautiful girls alighted from the car.

“Charlotte, you’re so lucky! The scion of the Sawyer family, the richest family in Orange County, has taken a liking to you! He’s truly a rich second-generation heir who owns a massive fortune enough to last him several lifetimes. I’m so envious!”

A short-haired woman wearing the uniform of the Stardust Corporation was touching the shiny, streamlined Lamborghini sports car longingly, full of envy.

“After you marry the scion of the Sawyer family and live in the lap of luxury, don’t forget me, your best friend!”

“Don’t worry. How could I forget you?” said another giggling girl with a fashionable permed hairstyle. She was Charlotte, Cheyenne’s younger sister. She put her hand on the shoulder of the short-haired woman. “I still need your help now! Please cut me some slack during the interview later.”

“Rest assured. I, Julia Bell, am the head of the human resources department, and I’m in charge of recruitment. I told you to come for the interview just to go through the motions, lest someone deliberately picks on me.”

“Hehe, that’s good. When you get off work later, I’ll treat you to a feast!”

The two of them were chatting chummily. As soon as they turned their heads, Charlotte saw Lucas, who was standing at the entrance of the building.

“What are you doing here?” Her face immediately turned sullen, and she charged toward Lucas furiously and questioned, “Hey, you good-for-nothing, are you tailing me? Tell me, what are your intentions?”

Lucas was in a foul mood when he saw her getting out of the Lamborghini he had specially given to Cheyenne.

He hadn’t forgotten the dirty looks the detestable people of the Carter family gave him just now. Hah, is she showing off the gift from me to me?

“Is there something wrong with you?” Lucas questioned hostilely.

“You!” As the younger sister of Cheyenne, who was known as the greatest beauty of Orange County, Charlotte was a self-proclaimed beauty as well. She was popular and often flattered by many. She had never been insulted right in her face before, so she turned beet red in anger.

“Charlotte, who is this?” Julia asked while walking over and sizing up Lucas curiously. This man is quite-looking, and he’s about 1.85 meters tall. However, his clothes seem very simple, and his outfit is probably worth less than thirty dollars.

Charlotte glanced disdainfully at Lucas. “He’s the good-for-nothing who married my sister. A few years ago, he stole fifty thousand dollars from my father, yet he still has the cheek to come back. He even made a huge scene at our home just now. He humiliated Seth Miller and made my sister so angry that she cried.”

Julia’s eyes suddenly opened wide in surprise.

Charlotte’s sister, Cheyenne, was involved in a huge scandal back then, and almost everyone knew about it. Although several years had passed, some people would still talk about it. Julia’s parents often said to her, “Why do you girls try to be so capable? Look at Cheyenne. So what if she became a CEO? Her reputation got ruined in the end, and she was even tossed aside and abandoned by her wastrel husband.”

Therefore, Julia had always imagined Cheyenne’s loser husband to be lewd, sleazy, lazy, stupid, and ugly. She didn’t expect him to be so handsome in person.

But so what if he’s good-looking? He’s useless and incompetent, a total scumbag.

Julia tried to bear with the contempt in her heart and forced herself to smile politely. “Excuse me. I’m sorry, but irrelevant personnel are prohibited from loitering at the entrance of the Stardust Corporation’s office. Please leave.”

Lucas glanced at her and simply strode into the lobby. He couldn’t be bothered to say anything to her.

“Hold it!” Julia hurriedly scurried forward to stop him, feeling a little furious. “Don’t you understand what I said? Don’t go farther inside. Our company won’t receive someone like you!”





Chapter 13: The Chairman’s Arrival




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

She’s really using a made-up directive to order people around!

Lucas glanced at Julia coldly, causing her to freeze in fear and then take a few steps back after being frightened by his gaze.

“How dare you scare her?” Seeing Julia being intimidated, Charlotte got angrier. “Julia, get security to drive him away!”

A short distance away, a security officer immediately walked over when he noticed the dispute. “What’s wrong?”

Julia pointed at Lucas. “This man here has committed theft in the past, and he’s now trying to barge into our company. I hope the security department will fulfill its duties. Otherwise, don’t blame me for docking your salary! Also, the newly appointed chairman of the company will be coming to the office today. If you don’t receive him properly, you’ll lose more than just your salary. Do you understand?”

After all, Julia was the head of the HR department of the corporation and had considerable authority.

The security officer knew that this was a serious matter as well. Looking at the burly and tall Lucas, he was worried that he might not be able to stop him alone, so he hurriedly reported the situation over his radio. Soon, Captain Moore of the security team made his way over with more than ten fully-armed security officers.

“Hmph!” Charlotte raised her chin smugly at Lucas as she thought to herself, Serves you right for pestering my sister and me!

With content, she took Julia’s arm and entered the office tower of the Stardust Corporation.

On the other hand, Lucas was surrounded by more than ten security officers.

Captain Moore took a look at Lucas’s cheap clothes, his eyes full of disdain. “Are you going to get lost, or do you want us to help you?”

“Are you not even going to ask me why I’m here?” Lucas asked composedly.

Captain Moore laughed out loud, as if he had heard something extremely ridiculous. “Is it necessary to ask? A pauper like you can’t possibly be here at the Stardust Corporation to sign a contract. Besides, Ms. Bell just said that you’re not allowed to enter the company.”

Lucas snorted coldly. “So you’re not just a mercenary snob but an obedient dog too.”

“What did you say?!” Hearing his words, Captain Moore flew into a rage and waved his hand at the security officers around him. “Damn it! You must be tired of living! Hit him! Hit this bastard!”

The security officers were all ready to attack, while Lucas’s gaze turned colder as he clenched his fists tightly.

If the Stardust Corporation was full of such garbage, he wouldn’t mind getting rid of them.

At this moment, a Lincoln commercial car drove over, and a prestigious man hurriedly got off. When he saw the situation in front of the office, he frowned and said impatiently, “What are you people doing in front of the office?”

As soon as Captain Moore saw the man, he immediately ran forward and bent over to greet him. “Greetings, Mr. Davis! Mr. Davis, this man came to our company to make trouble. We were about to drive him away.”

Mr. Davis waved his hand in annoyance and instructed, “Quickly chase him away then. The chairman will be coming later, and I don’t want him to see this ruckus.”

Taking his secretary along, he entered the building without even taking a glance at Lucas.

“Hah, Mr. Davis is really a busy man,” Lucas said aloud.

Mr. Davis paused in his tracks and looked over in displeasure.

Captain Moore shuddered and hurriedly yelled at Lucas, “Shut up! You’re not worthy of talking to Mr. Davis! What are you waiting for? Hurry up and get rid of him! Chase him away!”

Mr. Davis turned his head and was about to walk away when he suddenly thought of something and abruptly turned around again.

His neck cracked with a popping sound because of the fast and abrupt twisting of his head.

But at this moment, Mr. Davis could no longer worry so much. He scurried toward Lucas and bent over respectfully with some fear. “Chairman, you’re here.”

What? Captain Moore instantly froze while the other security officers, who were surrounding Lucas and about to get physical with him, were dumbfounded too. They almost dared not to believe their ears. T-this person is the n-newly appointed c-chairman?

However, when they saw how respectful the general manager, Mr. Davis, was to him, they had no choice but to believe it.

Oh no! This was what everyone thought in their hearts, especially Captain Moore, who was full of so much regret that he wished he could cut his tongue off!

He had just told the chairman to get lost and even instructed his subordinates to throw him out... Oh dear, would it help if he scrammed now?

With a look of dismay, Captain Moore exclaimed, “Chairman, I’m so sorry. I failed to recognize you. I was being too much of a snob and had my nose in the air. Please don’t hold it against me and forgive me!”

Mr. Davis glowered at him with resentment. If not for the nonsense Captain Moore spouted, he wouldn’t have almost missed Lucas and left a bad first impression on him.

Lucas said coldly, “Mr. Davis, I know you’re very busy every day, but you ought to supervise the matters of the company where necessary.”

Mr. Davis wiped off the cold sweat on his forehead. “Yes, I understand. I will fire him right away and educate the other departments.”

Lucas nodded and stopped paying attention to Captain Moore, who was begging for mercy.

It was not that he wanted to be calculative with a security officer. But because the Stardust Corporation was a precious asset left behind by his mother, he did not want it to be tainted by those disdainful things.

The two approached the building one after the other. Mr. Davis was very attentive along the way as he hurriedly pressed the buttons of the elevator while giving Lucas a general overview of the company’s various departments, attracting the attention of countless veteran employees along the way.

Seeing how enthusiastic and kind the general manager, Flynn Davis, was, they reckoned that Lucas must be the newly appointed chairman. Unfortunately, the two of them were walking very quickly, and no one could get a clear glimpse of Lucas’s face.

“Ah, I wonder what that new chairman looks like...” Craning their necks, Charlotte and Julia sighed, finding it a shame that they didn’t manage to see him clearly.





Chapter 14: Sparing His Lowly Life




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

In the blink of an eye, they reached the chairman’s office on the top floor of the office tower.

Flynn Davis wiped the sofa with his sleeve, which the janitor had already cleaned, and respectfully asked Lucas to take a seat. He then made a cup of tea and served it to him. “I don’t know what kind of tea you like to drink. This is premium quality Dragon Well tea. If you’d like to have something else, I will have someone prepare it immediately.”

Lucas stopped him and stared at him with a mirthless smile.

Soon, Davis could no longer laugh, as he felt extremely stressed by Lucas’s gaze. Sweat began to seep out of his chubby face, droplet after droplet.

He wanted to find a subject to talk about on several instances, but he faltered when he saw the intimidating gaze in Lucas’s eyes. As time passed, he became even more uneasy.

Smack!

Lucas threw a folder of documents onto the table, making a sound that gave Davis an enormous shock and almost caused him to spring up from his seat even though it wasn’t loud.

Lucas angled his chin at documents. “Mr. Davis, take a look at it yourself.”

Davis carefully opened the documents and looked at the first two sentences, after which his face turned pale, and he started shuddering.

“Read it out loud,” Lucas ordered calmly.

“I-I...” Davis stammered while sweating profusely and shivering continuously. The content of the documents was outrageous. How could he read it aloud?

“You refuse to read it, right? I’ll read it for you.” Lucas began reading out loud every single word on the documents smoothly, as if he had already memorized it like the back of his hand.

“July 2018. A materials fund embezzlement of two hundred thousand dollars in cooperation with the Hanes Group.

“October 2018. Accepted bribes from Joslyn Building Materials, procured a batch of inferior building materials at a high price, and subsequently paid compensation due to quality problems, causing the company to incur losses of more than a million dollars.

“March 2019...”

...

Unable to tolerate it any longer, Davis’s knees went weak, and he fell onto the ground with a loud thud. While he knelt on the ground, his face turned as pale as a sheet of paper.

He didn’t expect the young chairman to have gotten ahold of so much incriminating evidence against him as soon as he joined. There were also many pieces of evidence that he had destroyed. He didn’t know where Lucas had obtained them from.

If Lucas wanted to sue him, he would probably have all his assets seized and get thrown behind bars!

“It was all because of a moment of folly that I made such a huge mistake. Chairman, please spare me this time and give me a chance. In the future, I will definitely change my ways and try to recover the losses. I’ll also increase the company’s value!”

“Lucas, should we get rid of him?” Jordan appeared beside Lucas at some point. He suggested a brutal solution as soon as he spoke.

Davis was so frightened that he almost peed his pants!

Lucas was going to take over the position of chairman, and Davis was aware of some of the things of his past. Although he was unclear on the details, he knew that Lucas had taken several lives before. He didn’t doubt the authenticity of these words.

Jordan was really not trying to intimidate him and was instead asking Lucas that question solemnly. As long as Lucas said yes, he would definitely kill Davis on the spot.

He had embezzled so much money and even used lousy materials in a construction project, causing harm to others and damage to the reputation and image of the Stardust Corporation. Even if he died a hundred times, it wouldn’t be too much.

“C-Chairman Gray, p-please spare me! As long as you let me off, I’m willing to do anything you want!”

Lucas glanced at Jordan with some displeasure. “We’re not there now. Don’t kill someone as soon as we return.”

Davis heaved a sigh of relief after hearing this, but he soon heard Lucas’s indifferent voice above his head.

“I can give you a chance, but it depends on you to grasp it. Mr. Davis, you’re a smart man. I’m sure you know what I mean.”

His voice was heavenly to Davis. Overjoyed, he hurriedly exclaimed, “Yes, yes, thank you, Chairman. I will definitely obey your orders in the future!”

Lucas patted his shoulder and turned around to leave.

After Lucas had left for a while, Davis finally collapsed, his back drenched in cold sweat.

Since Lucas had evidence against him, he had no choice but to obey him.

Besides, the young chairman, Lucas Gray, was not simple. Although his tone wasn’t harsh, his indifference was even more frightening and intimidating, thus making Davis too scared to defy him.

“Lucas, are you going to let that scoundrel go just like that? Are you still going to let him continue being the general manager?” Walking out of the Stardust Corporation office building, Jordan was still full of regret.

“No hurry. I just came back, and I don’t have a particularly suitable candidate in mind. Davis is now in my hands. Besides, he’s quite competent and is familiar with the Stardust Corporation, as well as the forces in Orange County. He can still be in that position for a while. As for the future, it’ll depend on whether or not I can subdue him.

“The Stardust Group has been in the hands of the Hutton family for many years, and the interpersonal relationships are complicated. Let’s wait and see what happens. When we have enough people on our side, we’ll launch a purge and replace the majority of the personnel.”

“Okay, Lucas! I really hope to see that day soon.” Jordan rubbed his fists in anticipation.

Lucas couldn’t help laughing. Jordan was still a little childish, and he liked chaos and getting involved in drama.

“If you stick around with me, you’ll have fewer opportunities to display your talent. You...”

“No, no, Lucas. I know what you want to say. I’ve already said this before when I decided to leave Calico and follow you to Orange County. I’m not interested in building a career or empire. I just want to follow you around. Don’t think of chasing me back,” Jordan frantically said.

Lucas nodded without saying anything else.

“In that case, you should run around more in Orange County and find out more information for me. Especially...” Lucas’s face was completely sullen, and there seemed to be a storm brewing in his eyes. “The person who set me and Cheyenne up six years ago!”





Chapter 15: Shocking Reward




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The following day, Cheyenne went to work at the Brilliance Corporation, dressed neatly in a smart attire as usual.

As soon as she entered the office, all eyes were cast on her, be it directly or subtly.

Ever since that incident happened, she was reduced from the chairman to a low-level manager. Thus, there were often strange gazes directed at her.

However, there were more people staring at her today.

Cheyenne was well aware of the reason. She reckoned that the commotion at the Carter residence yesterday had already spread like wildfire because of her blabbermouth relatives.

As she expected, when she entered the conference room, she was greeted with a sarcastic remark.

“Cheyenne, I heard that your useless live-in husband has returned. Why are you here at the office instead of serving him at home today?”

The person who spoke was in his thirties and resting his legs nonchalantly on the conference table.

There was a trace of disgust in Cheyenne’s eyes.

He was her cousin, Bryce Carter, and a few years older than her. He was incompetent yet arrogant and haughty.

Since her family took the Brilliance Corporation away from her, they appointed Bryce as the deputy general manager, thus giving him the chance to suppress her.

Thereafter, he was extremely complacent and would mock her sarcastically or show off to her whenever he saw her.

Seeing that Cheyenne was ignoring him with an aloof expression, Bryce became more aggressive. “I really take my hat off to you for being so thick-skinned. You did such a disgusting thing and got berated by everyone, but you still have the cheek to come to the office every day! We’re ashamed and embarrassed for you. Oh, you also gave birth to a bastard. Tsk, tsk.”

“Shut up!” With a furious expression, Cheyenne glowered at Bryce.

She could bear with it if she was being insulted, but she would never let anyone humiliate her daughter!

“Ah, you’re getting angry, huh? Haha, am I wrong?” Bryce turned around to look at the other Carter heirs in the office. Pretending to be innocent, he waved his hands gently and exclaimed, “Everyone here knows that your father is a bastard, and so are you. Your daughter is naturally one too!”

Everyone laughed out loud, not finding his words to be insulting.

They all felt that Bryce was right. Cheyenne’s father, William Carter, was not a Carter and was instead brought over by his mother when she married the senior Mr. Carter. Dominic Carter was magnanimous enough to take him into the family, even though he wasn’t a Carter. He even gave them some annual dividends of the company to support them. This was the best he could do.

Cheyenne was raised because the Carters took pity on her family. Thus, they felt that there was nothing wrong with scolding her.

Overwhelmed with fury, Cheyenne shivered. But before she could even say anything, the door of the meeting room opened again, and a domineering old man with white hair walked in. It was Cheyenne’s grandfather, Dominic Carter, the head of the Carter family.

“Welcome, Mr. Carter Senior!” Everyone stopped laughing and greeted him.

Bryce also stopped behaving nonchalantly and hurriedly went over to hold Dominic’s arm obediently. “Grandpa, have a seat. I’ll make you some tea.”

“No need.” Dominic sat down on the chairman’s seat at the end of the conference table. When he saw Cheyenne standing still with a furious expression, he rebuked sternly, “What are you waiting for? Are you waiting for me to invite you to take a seat?”

Cheyenne gritted her teeth, contained her anger, and sat down near the other end of the conference table.

Dominic glanced at everyone authoritative. “As you all know, the Stardust Corporation settled down in Orange Counter not long ago. The Stardust Corporation itself is a large enterprise with an annual turnover of more than two billion dollars. It is also backed by the famous Hutton family from the capital. I’m sure you all know how powerful they are. As long as we form ties with the Stardust Corporation, we will have a chance to get close to the Huttons. Many companies and families in Orange County are interested in getting close to them. We can’t fall behind!

“In short, the Carter family’s most important task now is to try to get the opportunity to cooperate with the Stardust Corporation!”

All of them looked happy. But when they thought of the Stardust Group’s haughtiness, they didn’t feel confident enough.

“However, the Carter family isn’t considered elite in Orange County. Are we going to be worthy of the Stardust Corporation?”

“We want to do it too, but it’s really difficult.”

Dominic slammed his hand on the table and barked, “I will make things clear now. I will hand over the Brilliance Corporation to anyone who manages to clinch a cooperation agreement with the Stardust Corporation!”

Everyone got into an uproar upon hearing these words.

The Brilliance Corporation was the largest and best-developed company among all the enterprises belonging to the Carters. Ever since it was taken over from Cheyenne a few years ago, many Carters had been eying the Brilliance Corporation. As long as they had a position in the company, their year-end dividends would surge.

However, they knew that they could forget about being the general manager because they knew that that position was meant for the scion, Bryce.

However, Dominic was now willing to offer the Brilliance Corporation in exchange for a cooperation agreement with the Stardust Corporation. He was clearly going to invest a lot of capital!

All of a sudden, everyone’s eyes reddened. They were eager to go to the Stardust Corporation to try their luck and see if they would be lucky enough.

Cheyenne clenched her fists tightly and clenched her jaw.





Chapter 16: Forcing Her to Remarry




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Cheyenne had put her heart and soul into running and establishing the Brilliance Corporation. More than six years ago, her family used the excuse of her pregnancy and ailing health to snatch the Brilliance Corporation away from her. Ever since then, they never returned it to her.

She couldn’t let go of the business she had built and returned to work for the Brilliance Corporation when Amelia was one year old. However, despite years of hard work, she was only given a low-level manager post.

Now that Dominic had offered the Brilliance Corporation as a reward, she was obviously upset. But to her, this was also an opportunity for her to snatch the Brilliance Corporation back rightfully!

Bryce stood up and said to Dominic, “Grandpa, I think reaching a cooperation agreement with the Stardust Corporation is not impossible, even though it might be difficult.”

“Oh? Continue.” Dominic was rather kind toward this grandson of his, whom he valued greatly.

Bryce smiled. “Actually, I’ve already made a lot of preparations long before this. I’ve been going around making connections. Although there isn’t a clear answer yet, I believe there will be soon. However, there are some key people whom we have to give expensive gifts to, so...”

“Go to the finance department to withdraw five hundred thousand for preliminary funding later.” Dominic waved his hand nonchalantly.

Bryce was overjoyed and thanked him profusely.

Cheyenne sneered in her heart.

Her cousin had always been incompetent and boastful, so she knew that it was more likely for him to squander the money on having a good time with his friends, who were bad influences.

“However, I’m afraid that this alone is not enough to establish a cooperation agreement with them. As far as I know, there are countless people who want to get close to the Stardust Corporation in Orange County. There are at least a hundred families and businesses that can offer a few million. We’re just one of them, so why should the Stardust Corporation choose us?”

Dominic stroked his beard and nodded. “Continue, Byrce.”

“Therefore, I propose we find a family that is of comparable status or slightly better than ours and join forces with them. In this way, the chances of success will definitely increase greatly. Once we reach a successful collaboration, we will have a say too, and we won’t have to worry about being kicked to the curb by the other family because we are of the same status.”

“Wonderful! Great idea, Bryce!”

“No wonder you’re valued by Mr. Carter Senior. You’re so thoughtful and comprehensive with your thinking. Not only have you come up with a good idea, the countermeasures you’ve thought of are great too. They’ll prevent us from paving the way for others and getting made use of!”

Dominic nodded profusely, showing his satisfaction toward Bryce.

“Which family should we cooperate with?” someone asked.

Bryce looked at Cheyenne with a strange smile full of bad intentions, making her wary and giving her an ominous premonition.

Bryce pointed directly at Cheyenne and said to everyone, “I know Seth Miller of the JW Corporation has been pursuing Cheyenne. Yesterday, he already made it clear to me that as long as Cheyenne agrees to marry him, the cooperation between us and the Millers will be a sure bet.” He smiled. “What other relationship is closer than marriage?”

Cheyenne’s face instantly paled. She stood up abruptly to refute vehemently, “No!”

Dominic frowned.

Bryce walked toward Cheyenne. “What’s wrong? The Carters became the laughing stock of Orange County because of your scandal. Our reputation was ruined, causing our development to stagnate. If it weren’t for you, we would be one of the richest families in Orange County now! And we wouldn’t have to cooperate with others to fight for cooperating with the Stardust Corporation.

“The sins you’ve committed alone have dragged down the entire family, so shouldn’t you be the one to solve them and make it up to us?” Bryce said with a brazen smile.

The others in the conference room looked like they agreed and thought that this should be the case too.

Cheyenne was filled with misery. She was clearly the victim of that incident back then, and her family had already taken away the Brilliance Corporation, the pillar business of the Carters, from her.

Looking at Dominic anxiously, she asked, “Grandpa, I’ve already been married for a long time. How can I marry Seth Miller again?”

Dominic frowned and looked at Cheyenne with a disapproving gaze in his eyes. “I heard that your live-in husband has returned. Good. Go get a divorce later and marry Seth Miller.”

Not expecting Dominic to make her remarry without hesitation, she felt extremely disappointed. She shook her head and refused, “No, Grandpa. I won’t get a divorce or remarry!”

Bang!

Dominic’s eyes were full of anger as he slammed his hand hard against the table. He shouted, “You’re rebelling! Bryce is right. If it weren’t for you, the Carters would have developed far beyond what we are now, and we wouldn’t have needed this marriage! You should be taking responsibility for this, but you still have the guts to refuse. Do you respect me as the head of the family?!”

“But I was framed and set up back then...” Cheyenne’s eyes were red and full of tears.

“Trust you to have the nerve to mention the events of that year!” Dominic smashed the ashtray on the table onto the ground. He flew into a rage and yelled, “You did such a shameful thing and disgraced the family. In ancient times, you would have been dragged to a pond and drowned by your family!”

Dominic’s sudden loss of anger made everyone in the conference room fall silent.





Chapter 17




hapter 17: Putting on Airs

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Cheyenne could no longer suppress the endless grievances and humiliation in her heart as two streams of tears rolled down her beautiful face.

Unfazed, Dominic glanced at her indifferently and made up his mind. “It’s settled then. Divorce him by the end of today, and I’ll get someone to visit the Millers tomorrow.”

“Who said that it’s settled? You people have no place to interfere in the affairs between me and my wife!” A cold and sharp voice sounded, followed by a tall, burly man emitting an icy cold aura pushing open the door of the conference room and walking straight in.

1

“Who is this man?”

“I don’t know him. Why did he barge in?”

Cheyenne looked up, and her jaw dropped in disbelief the instant she got a clear look at the person who entered. “Lucas? W-why are you here?”

Everyone watched in shock as Lucas walked up to Cheyenne and wiped away the tears on her face.

“It’s okay. No one can force you to do anything you don’t want to do.”

In a daze, Cheyenne stared blankly at Lucas’s face.

He sounded incredibly confident and firm, as if no one could bully Cheyenne as long as he was by her side.

This made Cheyenne, who had always been facing mockery and taking the blame alone, feel some ripples in her heart.

Having been contradicted, Dominic looked extremely furious.

The younger generation of the Carters didn’t have the guts to do it, let alone a random stranger!

With a stern look in his eyes, he shouted, “Are all the security officers dead? Why did they let some Tom, Dick, or Harry in?! Hurry up and get this person out of here!”

Bryce rolled his eyes. “Grandpa, this is Cheyenne’s good-for-nothing husband who just returned.”

Dominic squinted and sized Lucas up.

He had a vague memory of Lucas, who used to be penniless. In his opinion, Lucas still seemed as poor as ever, even though many years had passed. Just like before, he still didn’t have a decent piece of clothing.

Disapproving of the fact that Lucas only had eyes for Cheyenne and had been ignoring him, the esteemed patriarch of the Carter family, as soon as he entered, Dominic thought, What a scoundrel indeed. He’s so ill-mannered.

He looked at the two of them with growing displeasure in his eyes.

Seeing the anger on his grandfather’s face, Bryce hurriedly took the chance to rub it in. “Cheyenne, you ignored Grandpa’s words and even instigated your loser husband to barge into the conference room as and when he pleases. He even openly defied Grandpa’s decision. If you have something against us, just say so. You don’t have to get up to these tricks.”

Bryce was generally incompetent, but he was an expert at sowing discord.

Cheyenne hurriedly explained, “Grandpa, I really didn’t know he would come.” She turned her head to look at Lucas and barked furiously, “Who told you to come here? Hurry up and leave!”

She wasn’t being insensitive and was actually well aware that Lucas was speaking up for her. But his presence would only anger Dominic further.

Glancing askance at them in disgust, Dominic said, “Enough. Stop putting on an act in front of me. I don’t care what you guys really think. Anyway, I’ve already decided. Get a divorce, and you, marry into the Miller family.”

After pointing at Cheyenne, he pointed his finger at Lucas and ordered, “You, get lost!”

Cheyenne’s face turned pale. She mustered her courage to speak, but before she could, Lucas had already retorted, “I said, no one can make arrangements for us. You don’t have a say in this.”

Dominic was so infuriated that he sprung up abruptly with exasperation all over his face.

It was his first time being contradicted twice by a junior who, to make matters worse, was a penniless good-for-nothing!

“Okay, great!” Dominic laughed mirthlessly and hollered angrily. “Seems like I’m too nice. That’s why you youngsters don’t respect me or take me seriously at all!

“You’re just a loser. You only got into the Carter family by sleeping with a woman. If not for you shameless people, the Carters would have developed greatly and become a top-tier family in Orange County! Yet you still have the guts to talk back to me so boldly!”

As though she had been struck by thunder, Cheyenne turned pale and almost lost her balance after being scolded and humiliated by her kin, whom she had always respected.

With an icy cold gaze in his eyes, Lucas stared at Dominic’s face, which was twisted into an angry grimace. “Aren’t you the one who knows best about the truth of that incident? I’m not as shameless as someone who’s full of lust and yet puts on airs!”

After he learned the truth from Jordan last night, he was exasperated!

The scandal that tarnished Cheyenne’s reputation turned out to be a scheme hatched by the Carters, all for the sake of snatching the Brilliance Corporation away from her!

Their shamelessness and viciousness that spurred them to resort to such underhanded means were truly appalling!

Yet Dominic Carter still had the cheek to berate the victims self-righteously. Such a shameless old man!

If not for Cheyenne’s inability to accept the truth, he would have long exposed their true colors.

“You!” Dominic pointed at Lucas, his fingers trembling violently due to his extreme anger and the shock of having his secret exposed. A moment later, he fell backward.

“Grandpa!” Overwhelmed with shock, Cheyenne frantically wanted to dash over, only to be pushed away forcefully by Bryce.

“Get out of the way!” Bryce held Dominic and glowered at Cheyenne menacingly. “Grandpa was provoked by you! If anything happens to him, just wait to face your death!”





Chapter 18: Herculean Task




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

When Dominic fell, everyone immediately put the blame on Cheyenne.

“Cheyenne, have you long been upset with Mr. Carter Senior, so you deliberately got your husband to come and provoke him?”

“Do you think the Brilliance Corporation will become yours after you anger Old Master and drive him away?”

“Like I said, they’re a family of ingrates. They’ve got such vicious intentions!”

...

The numerous scoldings were like daggers stabbing into Cheyenne’s heart.

She had given so much to the family in the past, only to receive such criticism now.

Dominic took two sips of water and got a grip on himself before glaring at Cheyenne, his eyes full of disgust.

“No matter what, you are largely responsible for the state that the Carters are in today. We must clinch a cooperation agreement with the Stardust Corporation. You either marry Seth Miller and let us join forces with his family, or go and settle the cooperation agreement with Stardust Corporation yourself. Otherwise, you’ll no longer have a place in the Carter family.”

Cheyenne had a bitter look of dismay on her face.

Bryce had asked for five hundred thousand dollars for operational funds and had even proposed that she get married to Seth Miller in order to make his plan somewhat feasible. How could she clinch the cooperation agreement all by herself?

“Okay, we’ll go and get the cooperation agreement settled. Mr. Carter, I hope you will keep to your word,” Lucas suddenly said.

Everyone looked at Lucas like he was a lunatic.

Does this good-for-nothing not understand how difficult it will be to clinch a cooperation agreement with the Stardust Corporation?

“Wait...” Cheyenne was about to speak when Bryce quickly interrupted her.

“Your loser husband promised it himself, so don’t blame us for forcing you!” Bryce grinned smugly and looked at Dominic. “Right, Grandpa?”

“Good. Since you took it on yourselves, don’t blame me for being merciless if you fail to complete the task. You have two days to get the contract signed. If you fail, you and your family can scram!”

Everyone looked at them gloatingly, and they immediately started mocking them as soon as Dominic left.

“How ignorant. If it’s that easy to clinch a cooperation agreement with the Stardust Corporation, I would have become the general manager a long time ago.”

“Hah, some people just don’t have any self-awareness. I’m afraid they won’t even be able to enter the Stardust Corporation office!”

“You only have two days. I think you’d better not go to such lengths. I suggest you go home, pack up, and get ready to get lost.”

Bryce’s face was full of smugness as he left with a bunch of people behind him.

“Why did you agree?”

As soon as Lucas lowered his head, he was greeted with Cheyenne’s furious little face.

“I’m actually...” Just as Lucas was about to speak, she gave him a hard and loud slap on his face!

“It’s all your fault! Why did you agree...” After slapping Lucas, Cheyenne broke down and burst into tears.

The anger in Lucas’s chest suddenly vanished amid her tears.

“Do you know how difficult this task is? Do you know that they can’t wait for me to fail to secure a contract and then drive me away?” Cheyenne was crying with immense despair and misery.

Looking at her, Lucas was heartbroken and distressed. He said softly, “Don’t worry. I’ll help you.”

Cheyenne suddenly raised her head and stared at him with bloodshot eyes. “How are you going to help me? Do you know people at the Stardust Corporation? Do you know how to build connections and sign contracts? You don’t know anything. How can you help me?!”

She pushed Lucas away and left staggeringly.

Lucas followed her quietly until he saw that she had safely returned to the Carter residence before leaving bitterly.

As soon as Cheyenne entered, Karen approached her. “I heard that good-for-nothing made a scene at the office today. What happened? Did he cause any trouble? Why didn’t you keep an eye on him?! Who is he to enter the Carter family?”

Cheyenne waved her hand in fatigue. “I’m exhausted, Mother. Stop asking.”

“Hah. You’re so half-hearted when you answer my questions. You think you’re so good now, huh?”

Cheyenne was extremely annoyed and frustrated.

Her grandfather said that she had to clinch a contract within two days. She was now pressed for time to complete this task that was almost impossible to complete. She was so troubled that she felt that her head was about to explode.

If she didn’t sign a contract in two days, her family would be kicked out of the Carter family. If her mother found out, she would definitely kick up a big fuss.

“I still have something to do. I’m going to leave now. Please ask Charlotte to pick Amelia up at the kindergarten later.”

Cheyenne hurriedly washed her face, touched up her makeup, perked herself up, and then dashed out the door.

Time was running out, and she had to hurry up and see the helmsman of the Stardust Corporation. Even though the chances of success were low, she had to do her best.

Soon, a metallic red Lamborghini pulled over at the door, and Charlotte got out furiously.

“Where’s my sister?” she asked as soon as she entered the house.

“Your sister went out. Oh yes, she wants you to help her pick up Amelia later.” Karen was sitting on the couch and putting some cucumber slices on her face while she was talking.

Charlotte yanked her mother’s arm and barked, “Mom! Now’s not the time for a facial!”

She was so angry that her face turned red. “Mom, you have no idea. That loser came to the office today and provoked Grandpa. He even audaciously took on the task of clinching a cooperation agreement with the Stardust Corporation! So many families in Orange County are dying to get acquainted with it. Who are we? This task is impossible to complete!”

“That good-for-nothing is really brazen to have agreed. I’ll give him a piece of my mind when he comes again!” Karen was also infuriated after hearing her words. That good-for-nothing is really a troublemaker who’s bad at everything.

“Mom, the worst is yet to come. Grandpa said that he’s going to kick all of us out of the Carter family if they fail to clinch the contract in two days!”

“What?!” Karen screamed and stood up abruptly, completely ignoring the cucumber slices falling onto the ground.





Chapter 19: Heroic Father




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Karen was angry because her personal interests were involved.

“That good-for-nothing is nothing but a jinx! He’s so evil, and he has lost his conscience. I bet he’s here to harm us! Even if he wants to die, he shouldn’t drag us down with him! No! Tell your sister to divorce him immediately so that your grandfather won’t blame us! Quickly, call your sister and tell her to hurry home!”

Karen pushed Charlotte in a moment of panic while Charlotte stomped her feet hard and said, “Mother, it’s useless. Grandpa said that Cheyenne and that loser took on the task together, so they have to complete it. Otherwise, none of us will be spared.”

Karen was so furious that she stomped her feet and cursed at Lucas with all sorts of malicious remarks. After she was done, she started scolding Cheyenne.

Hearing that they would be kicked out of the Carter family, William was no longer in the mood to continue reading the newspaper, as his heart was heavy.

Furthermore, Karen’s screaming and cursing made him feel even more frustrated and annoyed, so he yelled, “My eardrums are going to break from your screaming. You’re so annoying!”

“How dare you be fierce to me?” Karen retorted in an even louder voice after being shocked by William’s outrage.

“At the end of the day, it’s still all your fault! If it weren’t for the fact that you’re not Dominic’s biological son, he wouldn’t kick us out so easily. You’re a useless good-for-nothing too. All you do is snap at me at home! If you have what it takes, go lash out at your father! I’m so unfortunate to have married a loser like you. If we really get kicked out, what are we supposed to do?!” Karen started hollering at William again.

Charlotte was also incredibly frustrated and thought, I can’t stay in this house any longer.

She pushed open the front door and drove to the kindergarten to pick up Amelia.

She arrived at the entrance of Sanse Kindergarten.

Along the way, in the stylish and luxurious sports car, Charlotte attracted the envious gazes of passersby, lifting her mood greatly.

It was the peak hour at the kindergarten. Charlotte waited at the entrance for a long time, but she didn’t see Amelia, so she entered.

Charlotte saw Amelia in front of a slide and was about to call out to her when she heard the bright and clear voice of a boy.

“You’re a bastard child that nobody wants! Boo!” There was a little boy opposite Amelia, sticking his tongue out and grimacing at her.

Chagrined, Amelia’s face flushed red, and tears were welling up in her eyes. “I have a daddy. My daddy has already come home!”

“Boo, my mommy said that your dad is a rapist and a good-for-nothing who’s going to be arrested by the police. Pew pew! He’s going to be shot dead! You’re a little rapist, so you also have to be shot! Pew pew!” The little boy stretched out his index finger and made a gun sign before rushing forward to poke Amelia.

“Stop it!” Charlotte yelled as she frantically rushed over and pulled Amelia behind her.

When the little boy saw Charlotte, he turned around to run away, only to trip over his own feet and fall to the ground.

The boy wailed and bawled out loud.

When Amelia saw Charlotte, she hugged her hard and also cried out loud.

“Auntie, I have a daddy. My daddy is back. He’s a good guy... He’s not like what he said.”

Charlotte felt teary as she heard Amelia crying in her arms.

“Yes, Amelia, be good. Your dad is back, and they won’t dare to bully you anymore.” She gently patted Amelia’s back and consoled her.

“Baby! What’s wrong, baby?” Hearing the crying, a couple immediately rushed over from afar and helped the bawling boy up heartbrokenly.

“Mommy, she hit me!” Upon seeing his parents, the little boy pointed at Charlotte and cried even louder.

The couple immediately glared at Charlotte hostilely. “You’re an adult, but you hit my child. Do you have any shame at all?”

Having been wronged, Charlotte was immediately infuriated. “It was your son who bullied my niece! As soon as I came over, he ran away in fear and tripped on his own. Since when did I hit him?”

The chubby woman in her thirties obviously wasn’t willing to hear Charlotte’s words. She looked up and rushed to Charlotte. “You hit a child, huh? You brazen hussy, try hitting him again in front of me!” She reached out and was about to slap Charlotte.

Charlotte was astonished. She was wearing stilettos and holding Amelia in her arms, so she dared not dodge at all!

Seeing the fat hand about to reach her, Charlotte closed her eyes and stiffened her body while protecting Amelia.

At this moment, a figure suddenly appeared and grabbed that woman’s wrist!

“Ah! Who are you?”

Instead of the pain she expected, Charlotte heard the chubby woman yelling in exasperation.

She carefully opened her eyes and saw a tall figure blocking her.

Charlotte gasped in disbelief.

The sturdy figure was the good-for-nothing Lucas!

Lucas flung the woman’s wrist away and turned around to look at Charlotte and Amelia carefully. He asked concernedly, “Are you alright?”

“Daddy!” Amelia exclaimed in surprise and stared at Lucas with glistening eyes. Just as the chubby woman was about to hit her and Charlotte, her daddy suddenly appeared just like a hero from a cartoon!





Chapter 20: No Rights




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Charlotte shook her head with complicated emotions. “We’re fine.”

“Hubby~ Look, both of them are bullying me!” The chubby woman was stopped from hitting them, but she dared not provoke Lucas because he was tall. So she had no choice but to turn to her husband for help.

In the end, she turned around, only to find that her husband was gawking at the youthful and beautiful Charlotte without blinking, making her even more infuriated.

“Vixen! Stop going around seducing men!” She pinched her husband’s shoulder and twisted it forcefully. “You’re still ogling her, huh? Your wife is being bullied! Are you still a man?”

The bespectacled man finally snapped back to his senses.

He would be kind to the fairer sex, but to a shabby-looking man, he was extremely hostile. He taunted, “Kid, do you know who I am?”

“Who you are has nothing to do with me,” Lucas said calmly.

He took Charlotte and Amelia along and was all ready to leave, but the bespectacled man dashed forward to stop them. “You want to leave after hitting my wife and child? It’s not that easy!”

“Daddy, we didn’t hit that fatty. He tried to hit me but ran away as soon as Auntie came. Then he tripped himself and fell down.” Amelia hurriedly told her dad what happened. “That fat woman blamed Auntie as soon as she came, and now this man is saying that we hit his son. We didn’t do that!”

“What do you know?! Shut up!” The bespectacled man glowered at Amelia menacingly.

Lucas’s gaze instantly turned cold. How dare he intimidate my precious daughter in front of me? He has a death wish.

Perhaps because Lucas’s gaze was too terrifying, the bespectacled man was a little startled and frightened. But he wasn’t willing to show his weakness, so he reached out to shove Lucas. “What are you looking at? Do you dare to hit me...”

Before he could finish speaking, Lucas kicked him!

“Ah!” The bespectacled man shrieked and was kicked seven meters away before stopping when he slammed into a toy house and made it collapse.

All of a sudden, everyone present was stunned!

After being shocked, the chubby woman screamed and ran over on her high heels. “Hubby, hubby, are you okay?”

The bespectacled man began struggling to get up on his feet. He felt the excruciating pain in his chest, but he realized that the other parts of his body were fine. He almost thought that he was going to die!

Actually, this was the result of Lucas’s mercy. Had he used more force, that man’s ribs and organs would have been crushed.

He just wanted to teach this person who insulted his daughter a lesson, not kill him.

However, the bespectacled man was clueless. After getting up, he glared at Lucas and exclaimed, “Damn it! Kid, just you wait! I’ll kill you!”

He pulled out his cell phone and started shouting.

Seeing that things were going to go awry, the kindergarten principal hurriedly tried to mediate things. “Ah, this is just a misunderstanding. If things blow up, it’s not going to benefit anyone.”

After shouting something over the phone, the bespectacled man spat arrogantly and taunted, “Hmph, if you dare to hit me, you have to pay the price. Do you think we’re pushovers?”

Seeing that there was no way to settle the issue, Lucas said to Charlotte, “Take Amelia away.”

“Daddy!” Amelia looked at Lucas uneasily and clutched his sleeve.

Lucas looked at his daughter with a gentle smile and stroked her playful pigtails before saying reassuringly, “It’ll be alright. Follow your aunt home. I’ll be right back.”

Although Amelia was reluctant, she nodded obediently when she saw the gentle gaze in Lucas’s eyes.

After some hesitation, Charlotte said something unexpected that she had never said before. “Be careful.”

However, as soon as she took two steps away with Amelia in her arms, the chubby woman stopped her. “Hah, don’t you think of leaving. None of you can escape!”

Lucas’s face turned gloomy.

He never intended to hit a woman, but if she hurt Amelia while stopping them, he definitely wouldn’t let her off the hook!

At this moment, several Volkswagen Golfs sped by, almost hitting the large crowd of people in front of the kindergarten to pick up their children. Amid the complaints, more than ten men with tattooed arms opened car doors and dashed into the kindergarten menacingly.

“Boss, we’re here! Where’s that foolish bastard?”

As soon as James Wilson saw the people that he had called arrive, he immediately pointed at Lucas and roared, “It’s this bastard! Damn it! How dare he touch me? Beat him!”

More than ten people immediately stared at Lucas.

The bald man, who was the leader, sized Lucas up and laughed disdainfully. “With his size? I can beat ten of him with no issue! How cocky of you to hit the boss!”

With ferocious expressions, the group of people surrounded Lucas.

“Daddy... Daddy! Ah!” Watching the terrifying men surround Lucas, Amelia was so frightened that she burst into tears.

Charlotte hugged Amelia, her face turning pale in fear too.

There was a cold and hostile gaze in Lucas’s eyes, making the people surrounding him stop in their tracks, as they suddenly felt a strong sense of extreme danger!

Just as Lucas was about to lose his temper, Jordan suddenly appeared to block him. “Lucas, take the kid away. Leave this to me.”

When Wilson saw that Lucas also had someone to back him up, he burst into laughter. What can one person do?

His face twitched, and his smile became even more menacing. “My wife said that none of you are allowed to leave!”

Jordan spat out the gum in his mouth. “You incompetent nobodies aren’t worthy of getting hit by Lucas!”





Chapter 21: Let Him Stay




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Lucas stopped looking at those people. Instead, he walked toward Charlotte, reached out to carry Amelia into his arms, and comforted her. “Amelia, everything’s okay now. Don’t be scared. I’ll take you home now.”

“Daddy!” Amelia buried her head in Lucas’s chest and hugged him tightly. Only then did she gradually stop shivering.

Holding Amelia in his chest, Lucas covered her ears with one hand and walked straight toward the gates of the kindergarten.

“Damn it! Are you blind... Ah! ” The bald man leading the team was just about to stop Lucas, but he suddenly shrieked as Jordan sent him flying with a hard kick.

It was followed by continuous cursing and screaming.

Lucas ignored all of them and simply focused on coaxing Amelia, preventing all the uncouth curses from tainting her ears.

From the corner of her eye, Charlotte watched the group of burly tattooed men getting kicked away, secretly frightened. However, she followed closely behind Lucas and only heaved a sigh of relief when they got inside the car.

When she saw Lucas again, she no longer saw him as a good-for-nothing like she used to.

Lucas’s dominance just now, and Jordan, the young man who addressed Lucas respectfully and could beat up so many people...

She was now very curious about what Lucas had been doing during the six years. Why did he seem like a gang leader?

Lucas fastened his safety belt and was just about to start his car when he suddenly thought of something and lowered the car window. He said to Jordan, “Don’t get anyone killed.”

“Yes, Lucas,” answered Jordan, who was having a whale of a time beating them.

Charlotte was speechless. She suddenly felt that he was really scary!

However, Amelia didn’t feel the fear that her aunt was feeling because she was gazing at her dad with admiration and awe. Lucas couldn’t help but scratch her little nose gently when he stopped at a red light.

Soon, they arrived back at the entrance of the Carter residence.

Carrying Amelia in his arms, Lucas alighted. But as soon as he turned around, he met Karen’s angry eyes.

“You actually dare to come back? Do you know how huge of a mess you’ve created, you piece of trash?!” Karen cursed and almost poked Lucas in the face with her finger.

Lucas simply moved backward slightly, lest Karen go overboard and poke Amelia instead.

However, Charlotte was overwhelmed with terror, and she hurriedly grabbed Karen’s finger in fear of her provoking Lucas. “Mom, let’s talk when we’re inside. We’ll talk things over calmly, alright?”

She hurriedly went inside the house, shoving Karen along.

“Talk things over calmly? What’s there to talk about with him calmly?! He’s a troublemaker and a jinx who’s going to cause us to get kicked out! We were doing fine without him. But ever since he returned, he has created so much trouble! If I had known earlier, I’d wish for him to die out there!”

Cheyenne happened to come home at this juncture. Seeing her mother scolding Lucas again, she couldn’t help but sigh deeply.

Amelia had finally gotten to see her father, so she couldn’t tolerate hearing him get scolded. Pouting angrily, she exclaimed, “Daddy’s not going to die! Daddy is awesome! Just now, someone bullied me and Aunt Charlotte and even threatened to hit us, but Daddy saved us!”

Shocked by her words, Cheyenne hurriedly asked, “What happened?”

Karen couldn’t be bothered to continue berating Lucas and instead quickly asked about what happened.

Charlotte told them about everything that happened at the kindergarten before saying with lingering fear, “That couple is too disgusting. Not only did they falsely accuse us, but they even tried to beat us without hesitation. If not for...” She paused and stopped herself from saying ‘good-for-nothing.’ “If Lucas hadn’t arrived in time, I would have been slapped by that fat woman!

“Later, thanks to his friend’s help, we returned safely.”

Karen gritted her teeth again and started to curse at that couple. The scion of the richest family in the county has taken a fancy to my daughter. What would happen if her pretty face was ruined by that fat woman?!

Cheyenne frowned. “Seems like that person has a significant status. Stay at home for the next few days in case they exact revenge on you.”

“No!” Charlotte and Karen opposed in unison.

Karen naturally hated Lucas like she always had and couldn’t wait to kick him out. On the other hand, Charlotte said no because she was afraid of Lucas.

“Mother, what if he encounters a mishap out there?”

“If he dies, so be it. In fact, it’d be even better because you can then marry Seth,” Karen said nonchalantly.

“Mother! Must you force me like this? If you insist, I can’t stay in this family any longer,” Cheyenne said with a look of displeasure.
