The two of them were showing their affection for each other like nobody’s business while Charlotte clenched her jaw and said, “I wish you conjugal bliss.”

Estelle suddenly seemed to realize that there were outsiders around, so she sat up straight shyly. “Fortunately, you’ve found your better half too, Miss Carter. Are you married yet? How may I address this man beside you?”

Charlotte tried to calm herself down before saying calmly, “Not yet. His name is Lucas Gray.”

“Oh, hello, Mr. Gray. We’re both about the same age, so you don’t mind me addressing you as Lucas, right?” Declan chuckled.

Lucas glared at Declan with a mirthless grin.

It had been long since anyone talked to him in such a condescending manner. Besides, he was a few years older than Declan, but Declan talked down to him so haughtily.

Not at all bothered if Lucas minded it or not, Declan continued to ask in an arrogant tone, “Lucas, where do you work now?”

Lucas smiled. “I was a soldier for a few years, but I’m now a freelancer.”

Hearing this, Declan’s and Estelle’s eyes were full of disdain.

On the other hand, Charlotte glared at Lucas. Why do you have to be so honest?!

“Freelancer? You mean unemployed?” Estelle gibed, then covered her mouth while giggling.

“Lucas, that’s not right. As a man, how can you loaf around? You don’t want to be sponging off your wife, do you?”

“Ah, I really do.” Lucas nodded seriously, as if he found that a great idea.

Declan was instantly at a loss for words.

He found Lucas handsome and sophisticated at first, but he didn’t expect him to be an incompetent wastrel.

Charlotte must regret not winning my heart and marrying a handsome and competent man like me. Declan was getting ahead of himself while thinking about it, and he even felt a tremendous sense of superiority.





Chapter 63: Untitled




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Having confirmed that Lucas was a good-for-nothing, Declan could no longer be bothered to continue talking to him. He turned to look at Charlotte and asked, “Charlotte, what are you doing now?”

Charlotte was already sick and tired of Declan’s attempts to show his superiority and answered indifferently, “I just joined the Stardust Corporation not long ago.”

“Hey, that’s such a coincidence.” Declan clapped and laughed out loud. “I’m in town this time to talk about the cooperation with the Stardust Corporation. I’m old friends with Mr. Davis, the general manager of your company. I’ll put in a good word for you in front of him and ask him to look out for you, lest a low-level employee like you have a tough time climbing the corporate ladder.”

Declan waved his hand and leaned backward proudly, as if he had already gotten Flynn Davis to arrange for Charlotte’s promotion.

Estelle was a little displeased and glared at Charlotte. “Declan may be kind enough to help you, but you have to work hard too. Don’t depend entirely on him. Otherwise, it might be difficult for Declan to broach the topic with Mr. Davis even though they’re close. Don’t you agree?”

Her tone was derisive, and she made it sound as though Charlotte was pestering Declan to help her get promoted.

Charlotte did not have a good temper, and she could tolerate this for such a long time entirely because of her former crush’s sake.

At this moment, she couldn’t tolerate it any longer and sneered. “Did I say that I wanted you to help? I will earn my promotion with my own efforts. I don’t need you to worry about it.”

Having been retorted by Charlotte out of the blue, Estelle immediately looked at Declan aggrievedly. “Hubby, we were just being kind by offering to help. Why did she say that?”

With a gloomy expression, Declan patted Estelle’s back to comfort her. He said with a frown, “Charlotte, I only offered to help you on account that we used to be classmates. Even if you refuse to accept my goodwill, you don’t have to be so hostile.”

Charlotte was almost going to laugh out of anger.

At this moment, a waiter knocked on the door of the private room and walked in.

“Excuse me, everyone. Today, we will be receiving a distinguished guest, so we won’t be able to serve you for the time being. I’m extremely sorry. As compensation, all your orders will be on the house today, and we will also gift you a few discount coupons,” the waiter spoke courteously and handed over a small goody bag that had exquisite packaging.

Although the waiter apologized, it was obvious that he wanted them to leave immediately.

Declan flew into a rage and shouted, “You’re trying to drive me away? Do you know who I am? Get your manager to come here!”

“Excuse me, sir. This is our manager’s intention. Everyone has to leave, no matter who. Please pardon us for the convenience,” the waiter said in a respectful tone. However, his attitude was firm.

“Hmph, I just don’t believe it. What kind of distinguished guest can make us leave? If you don’t tell me clearly, I will smash this restaurant!” Declan pointed at the waiter furiously.

However, his movements were too large, and he accidentally knocked over a wine glass at the edge of the table, causing it to fall onto the ground with a loud bang.

The crisp sound of glass shattering immediately spread.

Declan stiffened.

He was actually just issuing a verbal threat. A renowned and established restaurant like the Lion was definitely backed by a powerful figure. How could he afford to provoke them?

“What’s going on?” A middle-aged man wearing a tag that said ‘Restaurant Lobby Supervisor’ pinned on his chest came over with a frown on his face.

The waiter hurriedly pointed at Declan. “Mr. Jones, you wanted us to clear the rooms, but this gentleman here isn’t willing to leave. He wants to know which guest is here, and he accidentally broke the wine glass in the midst of throwing a fit.”

The manager, Mr. Jones, glanced at Declan and said aloofly, “I’m sorry, Sir. But Mr. Ethan Sawyer is treating his guests to a meal in our restaurant today. In order to prevent him from being disturbed, everyone else has to leave. I hope to seek your cooperation.”

“Ethan Sawyer?” Declan was flabbergasted. Ethan Sawyer was the richest man in the county, and he owned businesses in several states. Even those from outside Orange County had heard of him.

Compared to Ethan Sawyer, Declan Adams was nothing.

In fact, if possible, Declan wanted to stay behind, as that might give him the opportunity to have a good talk with the richest man in the county. It would be even better if he could become friends with him.

Unfortunately, he probably would have no chance of getting close to Sawyer since he was hosting some guests and wanted the restaurant to be cleared.

Declan hurriedly stood up and smiled. “I’m so sorry. Had I known earlier that it was Mr. Sawyer, we would have left long ago. I’ve created such a mess.”

He put his arm around Estelle’s shoulders and said to Charlotte and Lucas, who were still sitting, “Charlotte, Lucas, what are you waiting for? Didn’t you hear that we have to make way for Mr. Sawyer?”

Charlotte looked at Declan, whose smile had become humble and deferential. She couldn’t help but feel infinite disappointment. Is this the person I carried a torch for, for such a long time back then?

“Hmph.” However, Lucas remained in his seat and even sneered in amusement.

“Are you still not going to get up? We’ll be in trouble if we offend Mr. Sawyer!” Declan couldn’t help but holler angrily when he saw Lucas sitting still in his seat.

“Is that so? Is Ethan Sawyer kicking up such a big fuss over a meal?” Lucas remarked as he held a wine glass playfully.

Panic-stricken and furious, Declan said, “You actually have the audacity to call Mr. Sawyer by his full name. He’s the richest man in the county, and his assets are unimaginable. If you don’t respect him, you’re going to implicate us, you fool!”

Estelle said impatiently, “Why are you wasting your breath on them? Let’s hurry and leave. If they end up offending Mr. Sawyer, that’ll serve them right!”

Declan didn’t go on any longer and simply glared at Lucas coldly before taking a few more looks at Charlotte’s pretty face. “Forget it. We have said what we should say. If you don’t know any better, don’t blame us. Let’s go.”

Holding Estelle’s hand, he was just about to leave when a few people coincidentally came upstairs at this moment.

They were Ethan Sawyer and his friends, whom the restaurant manager was personally showing the way for.

With some joy and surprise, Declan hurriedly greeted them and bowed. “Hello, Mr. Sawyer...” Isn’t this a Godsent opportunity for me to get close to Ethan Sawyer?

Sawyer frowned. Whenever he was walking, he would often be approached by random strangers trying to get close to him.

The restaurant manager at the side was about to step forward to pull Declan away, but all of a sudden, Sawyer saw a familiar figure through the open door of the private room.

“Mr. Sawyer, I...” Declan wanted to say something, but...

“Get lost!” Sawyer had no time for him now. He simply pushed past Declan and hurried into the private room.





Chapter 64: Blind




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Declan was caught off guard and began stumbling away, but he definitely didn’t dare to get angry. As soon as he regained his balance, he saw a person standing behind Sawyer, and his eyes lit up.

“Mr. Davis! You’re here too...” Declan hurriedly greeted Flynn Davis.

“Shut up!” Davis similarly pushed past him. Without even looking at Declan, he hurried into the private room.

Sawyer rushed into the private room and looked at Lucas, who was sitting on a chair. He smiled and bowed. “I never expected to run into you here today, Mr. Gray. It’s such a coincidence. I happen to be treating some friends to a meal here today. Please grant me the honor of having a meal with you.”

Davis greeted too. “Hello, Mr. Gray.”

He almost addressed Lucas as chairman, but he held it back because he recalled Lucas’s instructions not to reveal his identity.

Lucas looked at Sawyer and Davis and grinned mirthlessly. “Mr. Sawyer, you booked the entire restaurant for yourself just for a meal. I don’t dare to stay.”

Sawyer was puzzled. “Booked the entire restaurant? Who said that?”

The manager at the side immediately shuddered, thinking that his plan to cozy up to Ethan Sawyer by bootlicking had failed.

The manager stood up and smiled. “I was just scared that others might ruin your mood, but I didn’t know that this gentleman here is your friend. I’m very sorry!”

The restaurant supervisor at the side also turned pale in shock. Actually, it was considered a common practice of their restaurant. Ethan Sawyer was the big boss of the restaurant, and since he was hosting some guests, the staff drove everyone away.

However, he didn’t know that one of the guests he had driven away was Ethan Sawyer’s friend. This is horrible!

The waiter who came over to clear the room was so scared that he started shuddering in fear and was on the brink of tears.

He was just a waiter, and these things had nothing to do with him...

“Mr. Sawyer, I’m very sorry...” The supervisor hurriedly bowed and apologized to Lucas.

However, Sawyer directly interrupted him, “Enough. Since you’ve offended a distinguished guest, you’re fired. Go collect your salary and leave!”

The manager and supervisor wanted to plead for leniency. But when they saw the stern expression on Sawyer’s face, they were too scared to say anything and had no choice but to hang their heads low and go to the HR department to handle the procedures.

Meanwhile, the waiter really felt like crying.

“Forget it.” Lucas waved his hand. “They just assumed that that was what you wanted. I wasn’t offended either.”

With a look of embarrassment, Sawyer said smilingly, “I will instruct them to pay more attention in the future and never repeat such a mistake again.”

After that, Sawyer glared at the three people in front of him, “What are you still standing there for? Hurry up and thank Mr. Gray. If he hadn’t spoken up for you, you would have lost your jobs! Remember, don’t do such things again in the future. I’m not that demanding!”

Hearing Sawyer’s words, the restaurant manager, the supervisor, and the unlucky waiter hurriedly bowed to Lucas and thanked him. “Thank you for being so generous, Mr. Gray! Thank you so much!”

This scene made Declan Adams and Estelle Brooke, who were standing at the entrance of the private room, stare wide-eyed at them!

None of them expected that Ethan Sawyer, the richest man in Orange County, and Flynn Davis, the general manager of the Stardust Corporation, would actually swallow their pride in front of Lucas.

They tried to fire the manager and supervisor because they thought that they had offended Lucas. However, the staff were saved by Lucas’s words.

How can he be an ordinary person? Declan felt that he was dreaming.

In particular, a few minutes ago, he still treated Lucas as a loser who was just sponging off a woman. He even talked to him condescendingly.

Thinking of this, Declan wanted to give himself a few slaps!

“Um... Mr. Gray, I’m so sorry for offending you just now. Please let me off on Charlotte’s account and pardon me for my ignorance.” Declan Adams bowed to Lucas carefully.

Seeing her husband stooping so low, Estelle couldn’t help but be furious. However, she also knew that someone who could make Ethan Sawyer and Flynn Davis stoop low too must be extraordinary and reckoned that she probably could not afford to provoke him.

At the thought of this, Estelle glared at Charlotte with jealousy and resentment. What right does this woman whom my husband doesn’t want have to find a boyfriend who’s even more impressive than Declan?

After hearing Declan’s words, Lucas smiled. “I’m just a jobless man waiting to sponge off a woman. How can I compare to you, Mr. Adams, who’s so close to Mr. Davis of the Stardust Corporation?”

As soon as Declan heard this, he broke out in a cold sweat.

Earlier, he had blindly bragged in front of Charlotte and Lucas, saying that he had a good relationship with Davis and would help Charlotte talk to him so as to help her get promoted. However, the truth was that Davis didn’t know him at all!

The worst thing was that Davis was right here! Wouldn’t his lie be exposed then?

As he had expected, Davis looked at Declan in bewilderment and asked with a frown, “Who are you?”

These three simple words were like a loud slap on Declan’s face!

Declan’s face began to heat up, and he hurriedly said, “Mr. Davis, I’m from the Sunshine Corporation, and I’m here in Orange County to discuss the cooperation with your company...”

Davis had long heard what happened. He also understood that Declan must have offended Lucas and even deliberately bragged about being close to him. Someone like him wants to cooperate with the Stardust Corporation? He can forget about it!

Davis interrupted Declan, “The Stardust Corporation will not cooperate with you. From now on, we will reject all business dealings with you! Please leave.”

Declan immediately stiffened.

But at this moment, Sawyer added, “The same goes for the Sawyer Corporation. From now on, we will refuse any cooperation related to the Sunshine Corporation!”

The two big shots spoke at the same time and turned down all cooperations with the Sunshine Corporation, making Declan frightened speechless!

This time, he came to Orange County on his family’s orders to sign a cooperation agreement with the Stardust Corporation to expand the business scope of the Sunshine Corporation to Orange County.

When his family finally handed the task to him, he was full of confidence, thinking that he would definitely be able to clinch the deal with his good looks and even expand into Orange County.

However, before he did anything, he was condemned and declined by Flynn Davis, the general manager of the Stardust Corporation, and Ethan Sawyer, the richest man in Orange County, all because of this incident!





Chapter 65: Proposing on the Street




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Declan’s face was pale. He had completely foiled the matter regarding the cooperation. How could he face the people in the company when he returned?

Hearing this, Estelle panicked too. “You guys can’t be such bullies! Mr. Davis, you clearly promised to cooperate with our company prior to this, which is the reason we rushed all the way here. How can you go back on your words?”

Davis frowned impatiently. “When did I promise to cooperate with you?”

Estelle said indignantly, “When my father called your company a few days ago, you clearly promised to consider cooperating with us!”

When Davis heard that, he was irked yet amused.

He didn’t remember promising to cooperate with the Sunshine Corporation, but it turned out that they had taken to his excuse, which was just a common response given to all companies.

Thinking of this, Davis lost interest in arguing with the ignorant Estelle. He simply beckoned the waiter to bring them out.

Feeling indignant, Estelle wanted to say something, but Declan hurriedly stopped her and dragged her out of Lion Restaurant.

“Why are you stopping me? I haven’t suffered this kind of mistreatment since I was a child!” Estelle slammed her Hermes bag against the floor and threw a tantrum.

“Ah, I’m doing this for your own good. If you keep prodding and end up pissing off Flynn Davis, the Sunshine Group will be in huge trouble too. Your father might be implicated as well,” Declan said as he picked up Estelle’s handbag and patted the dust off of it for her.

“He’s not as impressive as you make out to be. He’s just the general manager of a company in Orange County. What’s the big deal?!” Estelle was agitated.

“Hey, pipe down!” Declan hurriedly pulled Estelle to the side, fearing that others might hear what she said.

After looking around and realizing that there was no one around, he whispered into Estelle’s ears, “If it’s just Flynn Davis alone, it’s not a big deal. But the Stardust Corporation is not simple at all. It’s backed by the Huttons, one of the eight wealthiest families of the capital! You should have heard of how powerful and rich they are.”

Estelle had obviously heard of the Hutton family, who were well-known in the country.

She finally knew what the consequences of offending Davis were, and she couldn’t help but be a little terrified.

However, Davis was not in the mood to hold it against a small fry like her now.

Davis and Sawyer were standing in front of Lucas with respectful smiles and trying to persuade him to have a meal with them.

However, Lucas shook his head and declined. “No thanks. I’m having a meal with my friend here. You guys go ahead.”

Since Lucas refused, Davis and Sawyer naturally couldn’t stay behind any longer. Instead, they ordered the restaurant staff to prepare all the signature dishes as quickly as possible and send them to the private room where Lucas and Charlotte were.

Soon, various colorful delicacies that smelled heavenly were delivered to Lucas and Charlotte.

Charlotte looked at the sumptuous spread on the table, but she didn’t move her fork and knife.

After seeing that scene just now, she had a ton of questions for Lucas, but she didn’t know where to start.

“Didn’t you say you want to treat me to a meal? The dishes have been served. If you’re not going to dig in, I will.” Lucas didn’t care what was on Charlotte’s mind and instead just started eating casually by himself.

Charlotte picked up her utensils and began eating, but the thoughts in her mind made the food seem bland and tasteless.

Charlotte began to think about the details of events that occurred after Lucas’s return.

She thought of the large chest of expensive betrothal gifts that the Sawyers had delivered to her home and the fact that Ethan Sawyer said later on that they were thank-you gifts for Lucas.

Just now, Ethan Sawyer and Flynn Davis were obviously polite and subservient to Lucas, as though... Lucas was their superior. But was that possible?

Another incident was when they were at the kindergarten, and Lucas and Jordan displayed their terrifying combat skills. They even looked like they had killed and witnessed bloodshed before, as they could break limbs and fight without hesitating.

The day before yesterday, Lucas also saved her at the Luxe, and when they finally left, the security officers in the club looked at Lucas with horror and fear in their eyes.

What kind of a person is Lucas?

What exactly did he do during the years he was missing?

Charlotte was so absorbed in her own thoughts that she didn’t notice that she had been staring at Lucas for a long time.

After having his fill, Lucas wiped his mouth with a napkin. Then he realized that Charlotte was still staring at him blankly with her fork in her hand.

With raised brows, he knocked on the table. “Why do you keep staring at me? Do I have food on my face?”

Only then did Charlotte suddenly snap back to her senses. Her face turned red, and she hurriedly lowered her head to polish off the food on her plate.

Unfortunately, she didn’t even put any food on the plate and was just pretending to eat to hide her embarrassment.

“There are so many dishes in front of you. Do you prefer eating air?” Lucas asked in bewilderment.

“It’s none of your business!” Charlotte hollered, angry because of her embarrassment.

After that, Charlotte suddenly felt that she and Lucas were finally back to the way they were before, and she felt a sudden sense of relief.

Forget it. No matter who he is, it’s enough as long as he treats Cheyenne and our family well.

——

In the afternoon, Lucas drove to the Brilliance Corporation to pick up Cheyenne from work.

Although Cheyenne was very familiar with the Brilliance Corporation, and there was no need for her to be ferried to and fro, Lucas still wanted to do his best to fulfill his responsibilities as a husband.

After waiting outside the Brilliance Corporation for a while, Lucas saw Cheyenne coming out with a crowd and was about to walk up to her...

All of a sudden, a man dressed fancily rushed forward and knelt on one knee in front of Cheyenne.

“Seth Miller?” Cheyenne was stunned beyond words.

Seth raised the diamond ring nestled in a box in his hand and gazed at her affectionately. “Cheyenne, I genuinely adore you! So much has happened at home lately, but I still can’t forget you! I think about you all day, and I even dream of you at night. Every day has been so bittersweet for me!

“So, I’ve decided to propose to you. Cheyenne, marry me! I will definitely bring you happiness!”

Many staff of the Brilliance Corporation and passersby surrounded them upon the sight of the street proposal. They started taking photos and cheering loudly, “Say yes! Marry him!”

Cheyenne was so furious that her face turned red, and she snapped, “Seth Miller, what are you trying to do? I’ve already told you I’m married. I have a husband and a daughter. I won’t marry you!”

Huh? He’s proposing to a married woman on the street?

That’s exciting!

More and more people started crowding around them, and many of them even began imagining countless versions of horrible storylines.





Chapter 66: Overbearing Bully




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Overwhelmed with exasperation, Cheyenne clenched her fists so tightly that her knuckles turned white.

She wanted to walk away directly, but she couldn’t do so at all because of the gossipy crowd surrounding them.

“I know, but your husband is a thorough wastrel. After going missing for so many years, he’s still a good-for-nothing who’s worlds apart from me! I’m different. I’ll definitely treat you well. I can give you what he can’t! That person isn’t worthy of you at all! I’m thousands of times better than him!” Seth exclaimed loudly, wishing he could undermine Lucas as much as possible.

“Enough! I don’t want to hear you talk anymore! Do you know him? What right do you have to say anything about him?” Cheyenne retorted coldly, full of disdain toward Seth for thinking that he was thousands of times better than Lucas.

Seth couldn’t hold a candle to Lucas, but even if he was really better than Lucas, it had nothing to do with her.

At this moment, Cheyenne’s eyes widened in surprise because Lucas was squeezing through the crowd and walking toward her step by step.

“Why are you here?” Cheyenne looked at him in surprise.

“Lucas Gray!” Seth glared at the uninvited guest hostilely, completely forgetting that Lucas was Cheyenne’s rightful husband.

“I’m here to pick you up to go home.” Lucas looked at Cheyenne and handed her a ring made out of grass. “I saw this along the way, so I made you one.”

It was a small ring woven of thin strands of green grass with a small purple flower in the middle.

The crowd craned their necks and looked over, after which they couldn’t help but burst into laughter.

“Oh my god! Do people still weave rings out of grass these days?”

“That’s so lowly! If he can’t afford a diamond ring, he should at least buy a gold ring or a platinum ring, right? A glass ring is worthless!”

“No wonder this man said that he’s thousands of times better than the other man. It really seems to be the case!”

“It’s such a huge difference. This man proposed with a diamond ring that’s at least a few carats, while the other proposed with a grass ring. Oh my god. Any woman would know who to choose!”

...

But to everyone’s surprise, Cheyenne reached out and grabbed the grass ring Lucas handed her and put it on her finger.

“I like it a lot. Thank you!” She smiled at Lucas radiantly.

“What? That woman actually chose the grass ring!”

“Are you serious? Is there really a woman in this world who would choose a grass ring over a diamond ring? I don’t believe it!”

“Tsk, what a beautiful yet silly girl. Why didn’t I meet her earlier? Ah, such a pity! That rascal got an advantage!”

All of a sudden, everyone looked at Cheyenne like they were looking at a fool before looking at Lucas in envy!

This rascal is too lucky!

Ignoring the bizarre gazes on him from the people standing around them, Lucas took Cheyenne’s hand and walked away.

Boiling with fury, Seth glared at the two of them from behind and watched them leave.

“Lucas Gray! You loser, I won’t let you go!” Seth barked while gritting his teeth.

——

Lucas and Cheyenne got into the car and headed to the kindergarten to pick Amelia up.

Upon seeing her parents picking her up together, Amelia grinned widely and sprinted toward them. “Daddy! Mommy!”

Lucas walked forward, picked Amelia up, and held her in his arms.

Cheyenne originally wanted to say that Amelia was already six years old and didn’t need to be carried all the time, but when she saw how happy and excited Amelia was, she couldn’t bring herself to say it.

Amelia had been looking forward to having a father for a long time, and now that she finally got closer to him, Cheyenne decided to just let them be.

The three of them got into the car and headed home.

Throughout the journey, Amelia couldn’t contain her excitement and chattered incessantly about the new things that happened at school today. Although they were just some childish things, both of them were happy to hear her talk about them.

Lucas was smiling, but he suddenly noticed that Cheyenne did not look too well. She was frowning slightly and seemed to be out of sorts. She only returned to her senses when Amelia shook her hard.

Lucas inwardly frowned and asked seemingly casually, “Did something happen at the office today?”

“Huh?” Cheyenne was in a trance again, and she finally realized that Lucas was asking her a question.

Hanging her head low, she stroked Amelia’s head and tried to seem relaxed. “Nothing. Everything’s going well.”

Seeing her reaction, Lucas was even more certain that something must have happened to her at the Brilliance Corporation.

However, he didn’t state it explicitly. Upon returning home after dinner, Cheyenne said hesitantly, “I have to go out to do something. I’ll be home late.”

Lucas was a little surprised because Cheyenne almost rarely went out at night. She didn’t like shopping or socializing, and she would spend most of her free time at home with Amelia, apart from the occasional overtime.

“Where are you going? I’ll give you a lift,” Lucas offered.

Cheyenne shook her head. “No, it’s alright. I’ll get a cab. Stay home and accompany Amelia.”

Lucas gazed at her and nodded.

After Cheyenne left, Lucas immediately called Davis.

“Find out what happened to Cheyenne at the Brilliance Corporation today and inform me right away.”

Davis shivered. “Yes, Mr. Gray!”

Lucas had always been very concerned about matters involving Cheyenne. Davis dared not be negligent as he hurriedly instructed his subordinates to find out.

As a result, when the details of the matter were reported to him twenty minutes later, Davis turned pale.

Even Davis was irked and angry after reading it. What more Lucas, who cared a lot about Cheyenne?

Davis carefully told Lucas what happened. And just as he expected, Lucas flew into a rage and almost crushed his phone into pieces.

“Um... Mr. Gray, I’ll order them to handle it immediately and cancel that task for Miss Carter, alright?” Davis asked carefully.

“That’s not necessary. It’s too late.”

Lucas hung up with a gloomy expression and hurriedly said something to Amelia before rushing off somewhere.

Lucas’s gaze was cold. After he made Davis acquire the Brilliance Corporation, he had merely fired all the Carters who were employees instead of conducting a purge.

Yet someone was now bullying Cheyenne!

The place Cheyenne was going tonight was a company named Heaven Media, a famous company helmed by Brad Douglas’s father!

The task Cheyenne received was to discuss cooperation with Heaven Media. If she failed to complete it, she would be kicked out of the Brilliance Corporation!





Chapter 67: His Last Name Is Douglas Too




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Cheyenne was just a low-level employee who held little authority and did not have a say at the Brilliance Corporation now. So she couldn’t decline the task at all.

Heaven Media was supposedly a film and television media company, and the company had signed many small-time artists. But in reality, it had failed to produce any decent films or television productions. The artists were more like escorts specialized in maintaining the social connections of Heaven Media.

Therefore, the office building of Heaven Media had extremely tacky decor. It was currently nighttime and thus even livelier than usual in the office. The small-time artists could be seen entertaining clients in every corner. Their behavior was frivolous and seductive, and the office seemed more like a nightclub.

Cheyenne frowned from the moment she stepped into the Heaven Media building.

But when she thought about the fact that she was here to discuss cooperating with Heaven Media, she had no choice but to look away and pretend not to see what was happening.

She walked straight to the front desk and inquired, “Hello, is Mr. Douglas available? I’m Cheyenne Carter from the Carter Corporation, and I’m here to discuss our cooperation with him.”

The woman at the front desk scanned Cheyenne from head to toe with obvious contempt in her eyes.

“Mr. Douglas is available. Come with me,” the receptionist said, as if she was already used to such matters. She then led Cheyenne to a private room upstairs.

As soon as the door was pushed open, the pink and purple walls and lights almost blinded Cheyenne.

Cheyenne stood at the door of the private room without going in and looked at the receptionist in confusion. “Um... I’m here to talk about business. Shouldn’t we go to an office for the discussion?”

The decorations and the facilities inside the room made it look just like a sordid entertainment joint, giving her a bad feeling.

“Is Miss Carter here? Come in,” said a domineering voice.

The receptionist gestured for Cheyenne to enter. “Mr. Douglas is waiting for you inside. Miss Carter, please.”

Cheyenne took a deep breath, bit the bullet, and entered the room in a dignified gait.

There was a middle-aged man of about fifty years old with a checkered shirt sitting on the couch. His hair was slightly sparse, and despite the smile on his face, he didn’t seem very affable or approachable.

He was Gordon Douglas, the chairman of Heaven Media and Brad Douglas’s father.

When he saw Cheyenne enter, a flash of amazement appeared in his eyes.

“Haha, Miss Carter, I’ve heard a lot about you. You’re worthy of being the greatest beauty of Orange County!” Gordon stood up and extended his hand toward Cheyenne.

Cheyenne extended her arm politely and shook his hand. “Hello, Mr. Douglas.”

She was about to let go, but she realized that Gordon was still holding her hand tightly. In fact, he even grazed his thumb against her hand.

“Indeed, you look even more beautiful up close in person. They all say that women look even more beautiful under the light. That’s indeed true.” Gordon chuckled with his eyes glued to Cheyenne’s face.

Cheyenne frowned, thinking that Gordon Douglas had already crossed the line.

“You’re being too polite,” Cheyenne said calmly while retracting her hand.

If not for the cooperation, Cheyenne wouldn’t even have bothered to talk to him. She would have long opened the door and left.

“Mr. Douglas, I’m here today mainly for the cooperation between the Brilliance Corporation and your company. As you know, the Brilliance Corporation and the Stardust Corporation reached a long-term strategic partnership a few days ago. Enterprises and companies of various sizes have extended their invitations to us to seek cooperation. I won’t say much about the development prospects of the Brilliance Corporation. We hope to achieve win-win cooperation with the major companies. What do you think?” Cheyenne said politely in a businesslike manner.

During the banquet two days ago, the Brilliance Corporation became a famous company in the county with whom everyone vied to cooperate.

In fact, the cooperation invitations of the various companies were already enough. There was no need for her to specially go to Heaven Media to discuss.

After all, there were many companies wanting to cooperate with the Brilliance Corporation, and if Heaven Media rejected them, it would be their own loss.

“Haha, I know what you mean, Miss Carter. The Brilliance Corporation is now very famous!” Gordon sat down on the couch again, leaned back against it, and pointed to the seat beside him. “Have a seat too, Miss Carter.”

Cheyenne frowned inwardly and sat down on the other couch beside the coffee table.

Gordon Douglas acted as if he didn’t see it at all. He picked up two glasses of champagne from a tray nonchalantly and gave one to Cheyenne.

“Miss Carter, you came here personally to discuss cooperating. Of course, I have to discuss it with you on your account. You want to cooperate? No problem! We can sign the contract in a bit! Let’s toast to our happy cooperation!” Gordon said straightforwardly.

Cheyenne was a bit surprised. She initially thought that the cooperation would definitely fail, but she didn’t expect him to agree so quickly.

Seeing the wine glass being handed to her, Cheyenne grabbed it and clinked her glass with Gordon’s. “Thank you, Mr. Douglas. Here’s to our happy cooperation!”

Gordon laughed and finished the champagne in one gulp. “I’ve downed my glass. Miss Carter, help yourself.”

Since Cheyenne couldn’t turn him down, she could only drink it. Fortunately, it was not high in alcohol content.

Gordon grinned. “I heard that you’re married, Miss Carter, and your husband is a live-in son-in-law.”

Cheyenne frowned slightly, not knowing why he suddenly brought up this matter. Nevertheless, she nodded to express assent. “I didn’t expect you to have heard about my personal life.”

Gordon propped himself up with his hands on the couch. “Of course. Your husband is very capable!”

Cheyenne was confused by his answer. Does he know Lucas?

Cheyenne only just realized that Lucas was an extraordinary person during the banquet a few days ago. Based on what Gordon said, she wondered if he was friends with Lucas.

Cheyenne asked, “Mr. Douglas, are you friends with my husband?”

Hearing this, Gordon suddenly burst into laughter, as if he had heard a funny joke. “Hahaha. Friend? Of course not! Miss Carter, do you still remember what happened at the Luxe the day before yesterday?”

At the mention of the Luxe, Cheyenne obviously remembered everything that happened that day. Charlotte was abducted by Bryce, brought to the club, and almost violated...

Wait!

The person who colluded with Bryce to abduct Charlotte was Brad Douglas!

He’s a Douglas too!





Chapter 68: Showing Up at the Door




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Cheyenne was overwhelmed with shock for a long time before asking, “Mr. Douglas, what is your relationship... with Brad Douglas?”

Gordon smiled. “He’s my incompetent son.”

Cheyenne suddenly clenched her fist.

This chairman of Heaven Media in front of her was actually the father of Brad Douglas!

Since Gordon asked about Lucas, he definitely knew who Lucas was!

Gordon continued, “It’s because of your capable husband, Lucas, that my unfilial son has become the laughingstock of all of Orange County! Miss Carter, what do you think I should do in return?”

Gordon’s wry and insincere smile made Cheyenne feel a chill run down her spine.

If Cheyenne still didn’t understand by now that he wasn’t intending to discuss cooperating with her, she would be a huge fool!

“No!” Recalling the half cup of champagne she just drank, Cheyenne stood up abruptly, her expression drastically changed.

However, as soon as she stood up, she felt dizzy and couldn’t even stand straight.

“You!” Cheyenne glowered at Gordon furiously. But before she could even finish saying anything, she blacked out and fell onto the couch.

“Hmph.” Standing beside the couch, Gordon looked down at Cheyenne, who had already passed out because of the medicine, and a vicious and sinister expression appeared on his face. “Lucas Gray, you’ve hurt my son and tarnished his reputation, so you’ll have to pay the price!”

——

On the way, Lucas sped as fast as he could in his Jaguar, rapidly weaving through the traffic. It took him less than twenty minutes to reach the Heaven Media office building.

It had been more than half an hour since Cheyenne had left.

He couldn’t reach Cheyenne on the phone, so he didn’t know if she was safe currently.

If anything really happened to Cheyenne, he would definitely make everyone in the Douglas family die with her!

Lucas’s gaze was cold, and he had a murderous aura as he kicked the door of the Heaven Media office building with all his might.

“Hey! Who are you?” The pretty receptionist stood up in a flustered manner and retreated.

However, Lucas was already standing right in front of her. “Did a woman named Cheyenne come here earlier? Where is she now?”

Lucas’s gaze was horrifying, and he looked like he wanted to devour someone. The receptionist was so frightened that she started shuddering in shock. However, she dared not speak up. Mr. Douglas specially brought that woman named Cheyenne to the private room. They’re definitely still doing the deed now. I’m just a receptionist. How can I let someone go and stop them?

Lucas’s patience was running thin, and he kicked the marble table at the side. The solid marble table immediately shattered into bits like tofu before collapsing in the middle! “Speak!”

The pretty receptionist’s body was shaking violently, and she was so frightened, her legs turned weak. She fell onto the ground, petrified with fear. He kicked the solid marble table and managed to make such a big hole in it. If he kicks me...

At this moment, she could no longer care about how terrified she was of Gordon Douglas. The man in front of her was too terrifying!

“S-she’s upstairs... in the private room...” the receptionist said while shivering, suddenly finding the cold aura even more terrifying.

Lucas left the front desk, leaving the horrified receptionist behind, and walked directly toward the stairs.

“Who dares to create trouble here in Heaven Media?” A bunch of security officers rushed out to stop Lucas.

“Hmph, tell Gordon Douglas to come out!” Lucas didn’t take those insignificant security officers seriously at all.

“How dare you call the chairman by his full name!” the captain of the security officers hollered as the security officers surrounded Lucas.

The manager of Heaven Media hurriedly ran upstairs and reported from outside the private room, “Mr. Douglas, a young man has barged in and demands to see you and Miss Carter! He’s very proficient in fighting, and I’m afraid our security officers won’t be able to stop him!”

“Oh?” Gordon knew who had come as soon as he heard it, and a playful smile appeared on his face.

“Tell him to come up. I’ve prepared a big gift for him here!”

The manager hesitated slightly. But as he thought about the means that Gordon Douglas usually resorted to, he answered respectfully, “Yes, Mr. Douglas!”

The manager rushed downstairs and was ready to ask the security officers to stand down, only to realize to his horror that not a single security officer in the lobby could stand!

The manager felt his blood turn cold. Facing Lucas’s icy-cold gaze, the manager felt like he was about to collapse onto the ground.

“M-Mr. Douglas w-would like you to go up-upstairs,” the manager stammered, his teeth chattering due to his fear.

At this moment, Lucas’s aura was too terrifying. A single glance was scary enough to make him shiver.

After shooting him a hostile glance, Lucas headed upstairs.

Jordan appeared at the door behind him, holding a person’s ankle like this man was a dead dog drenched in blood. He dragged him through the door and followed Lucas upstairs without saying a word.

The manager pressed his body against the wall and only heaved a sigh of relief and sat down after the two walked past him. His heart pounded rapidly as he looked at the trail of blood left behind on the floor.

After Lucas and Jordan went upstairs, many small-time artists and rich clients, who had been hiding and watching, finally started whispering to each other.

“This is the business of the Douglases. Who dares to be so brazen as to create trouble here?”

“Those two are just too young and have a death wish!”

“Exactly. The Douglas family is powerful and has connections with all the gangs. Even we don’t dare to mess with them. Those two youngsters probably won’t even know how they died!”

As the discussion got heated downstairs, Lucas and Jordan had already arrived upstairs.

The door of the private room opened. Gordon was sitting on the leather couch nonchalantly. Upon seeing the two of them, he narrowed his eyes and sized them up. Hah, just two young punks. How dare they beat my son so badly?!

Gordon snapped his fingers, and a muscular and burly man more than two meters tall waked over from the side and stood next to him.

When the muscular man walked, the floor of the room trembled slightly. He was clearly trying to intimidate Lucas and Jordan.

However, Lucas did not even bother glancing at the tall and muscular man in front of him. Instead, he stared at the couch beside Gordon.

Cheyenne was lying on the couch. Fortunately, she was fully clothed, and there were no other traces on her body.

The tension in Lucas’s heart finally eased up.

“You should be glad that you didn’t touch her. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be able to sit here and talk to me now.” Lucas glared coldly at Gordon.





Chapter 69: Smashed With a Single Punch




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Hearing this, Gordon smiled. “Young man, you’re very arrogant, huh?! However, I didn’t touch her precisely because I was waiting for you to come. I want you to see that scene with your own eyes! Watching your woman being violated and destroyed while you’re unable to do anything must be wonderful, wouldn’t it?!”

The murderous intent in Lucas’s eyes intensified. Initially, he wanted to be lenient with Gordon Douglas, but it now seemed unnecessary.

“Damn it! Old dog, what are you saying?!” Jordan flew into a rage and immediately wanted to charge forward to kill Gordon, but he was stopped by Lucas.

“I’m not as arrogant as you two. You abducted someone and drugged them. You guys seem to like this trick a lot. I wonder how your son felt when he got a taste of his own medicine. Do you want to have a try too? In any case, you’ve got a candidate here, so I might as well fulfill your wish.” Lucas narrowed his eyes as he glanced at Gordon and the muscular man beside him.

“Kid, you’re very gutsy!” Gordon was stunned for a moment but soon started laughing again despite his anger. “You’re just a live-in son-in-law of a lowly family. You’re a useless loser. Where did you get the courage to speak to me like that?! The Douglas family is well respected in the county. You’re not afraid of dying, huh?”

“The Douglas family is nothing.” Lucas sneered disdainfully, not taking the Douglas family seriously at all. “Also, you’re wrong. You’re the one who has a death wish. Who gave you the courage to touch my wife?”

“You’re on the brink of death, and you’re still so sharp-tongued, huh? I’ll see if your bones are as tough as your mouth!” Gordon sneered sinisterly and was about to beckon the muscular man beside him to make a move when...

“Jordan, what are you waiting for? Deliver the big gift we prepared for him,” Lucas shouted.

“Yes, Lucas!” Hearing his order, Jordan immediately flung the man he had been dragging along, and the bloodied body rolled toward Gordon. He was completely motionless, and it was unclear if he was alive or not.

Gordon glanced at the pathetic figure. His limbs had been broken, and he was lying limply on the ground. His face was also battered with bruises, and his flesh was badly mangled with blood all over the place, so much so that he was unrecognizable.

Gordon sneered and looked at Lucas and Jordan. “Where did you get this man from? Are you trying to scare me? I’ve been mingling among gangs for decades. I’m not that easily intimidated.”

Jordan couldn’t help but snicker and mock. “Old dog, you’d better open your dog eyes and take a good look. Otherwise, it’ll be the end of your family lineage.”

“What do you mean?” Gordon furrowed his brows.

“Don’t you have eyes? Can’t you see for yourself? There you go.” Jordan pointed his chin at the hideous figure.

Gordon lowered his head and pressed his foot against the bloodied figure on the ground. Then a familiar-looking gold pendant tumbled out.

Startled, Gordon hurriedly took a closer look. Indeed, there was the word ‘Douglas’ engraved on the pendant. It was the gold pendant his son had been wearing ever since he was a child!

Looking at the bloodied figure in front of him, he began to find him more and more familiar-looking, so familiar that his heart palpitated.

Gordon stood up abruptly and roared furiously, “Brad!”

Jordan grinned and said to Lucas, “Lucas, I’ve beaten him to the point that his old man can’t even recognize him.”

Lucas smiled. “Good job. I’ll reward you later.”

Gordon grimaced in rage. When he heard their words, he was so furious that he turned hysterical. “Good, great! You two brats, I must kill you! I’ll make sure you die without a complete corpse!”

Gordon hollered at the tall, muscular man beside him, “Go, beat them until they die! I’ll give you one-and-a-half million dollars! I want you to crush their bones and make them wail and repent!”

“Yes!” The burly and muscular man clenched his fist, and the sounds of his bones cracking immediately filled the air.

He took a few steps forward, and the entire ground of the room quaked a few times.

However, Lucas glanced at the muscular man calmly and said to Jordan, “I’ll leave it to you.” Without looking at him anymore, he walked toward Cheyenne.

After being ignored, the muscular man roared and raised his fist to punch Lucas hard on his head.

If the punch really landed on his head, it would definitely be smashed into bits!

Lucas remained calm, as if he didn’t notice the punch coming at him.

“Hmph, you’ve got a death wish! Wade is a king of underground boxing, and he can blow your head into pieces with a single punch! Let’s see how you can keep being arrogant!” Gordon’s lips twisted into a smirk, as though he could already see Lucas’s head getting smashed.

At this moment, a figure flashed out, and a faster fist slammed against Wade’s fist. With a loud bang, the muscular Wade was forced to retreat several steps.

At the same time, Wade shrieked in pain.

His right hand was hanging in front of his body at an extremely unnatural angle, and his right arm was quivering violently. His fingers and wrists were all broken!

Gordon’s eyes widened in disbelief.

Wade was a combat expert he had hired at a high price. With his fists alone, he had already crushed the heads of countless people.

Gordon Douglas paid this high price all for the sake of killing Lucas and taking revenge for his son.

However, not only did Wade fail to hit Lucas with his punch, he had the bones of his fingers and wrists broken by Jordan’s punch. How could Gordon stand it?!

In fact, he was already prepared to get Wade to beat Lucas Gray and then make him watch Cheyenne Carter get violated to appease the hatred in his heart.

Now, all his plans were foiled!

In contrast, Lucas ignored it. He simply walked to Cheyenne, picked her up in his arms, and then turned around to leave.

He didn’t want Cheyenne to stay in such a dirty place any longer.

“Hold it!” Seeing that Lucas was about to take Cheyenne away, Gordon obviously wasn’t willing to take it lying down.

“If you guys dare to step out of here, I will kill you immediately. Do you believe it?” Gordon grimaced.

All he heard was Lucas’s derisive sneer. “Hmph!”





Chapter 70: I Don’t Want to Die




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Hmph, what are you being arrogant about? You’re just a live-in son-in-law. So what if you have an impressive brother? Do you dare to touch me? Moreover, if the Douglases want to kill you, it’ll be a piece of cake!” Gordon hollered.

Jordan rushed forward and slapped Gordon on his lips. “How dare you be so arrogant in front of Lucas? I’m going to hit you!” How dare he threaten Lucas. He must have a death wish!

Gordon was dumbfounded by Jordan’s sudden slap. In the decades of his life, he had never been hit on the face before, especially not by a good-for-nothing’s sidekick!

Gordon was so furious that he wished he could kill the two of them immediately! Unfortunately, the expert he hired had his hand crippled.

“How dare you beat up the future successor of the Douglas family! There’s no need for your family to exist anymore!”

He thought that Lucas would be scrupulous and fearful, but Lucas simply laughed nonchalantly after hearing his words. “Do as you please. But you’re just throwing your weight around because of your family’s prestige. Do you think the Douglas family is a big deal? If your family is destroyed, do you think you’d still have the right to be so arrogant to me?”

“Haha, you want to destroy the Douglas family? You can dream on! Even the richest man in the county wouldn’t dare to say that he could destroy my family, let alone a loser like you!” Gordon looked at Lucas like he was a fool.

Lucas smiled, not wanting to speak anymore.

The Douglas family was insignificant to him.

It was a piece of cake for him to destroy the Douglas family.

Carrying Cheyenne in his arms, Lucas was about to leave when Gordon suddenly pulled out a Bergmann–Bayard automatic pistol and pointed the muzzle at him.

“Like I said, if you dare to leave this place, I will kill you immediately! Put her down! Or else don’t blame me for pulling the trigger!” Gordon shouted, appearing rather hysterical.

His plan for today was to avenge his son by making Lucas watch Cheyenne get violated. Before reaching his goal, he would not let them leave!

Besides, Jordan had just slapped him!

How could he, Gordon Douglas, stand such an insult?!

Now that he had his pistol in hand, he no longer feared anything.

Even if Lucas and Jordan were impressive fighters, they wouldn’t be faster than a bullet.

Lucas was really annoyed at this moment.

Since Cheyenne was safe and sound, he originally planned to let Gordon Douglas off with a light punishment. However, he didn’t expect him to be so ignorant. Since he has a death wish, I won’t be merciful to him!

Lucas glanced at the Bergmann–Bayard automatic pistol that Gordon was holding, but he wasn’t fazed by it at all. “Do you think you can shoot me with that tiny pistol?”

Lucas’s disdainful attitude irritated Gordon even more.

Gordon held up the pistol and said in annoyance, “What are you pretending for? I don’t believe you can dodge a bullet! If you put that woman down and kneel in front of me, I will consider giving you a way out. Otherwise, this pistol will shoot all three of you dead! I’ve been involved with gangs for a long time, so it’s not like I haven’t killed anyone before!”

It was clear that Gordon was threatening him.

Lucas remained unfazed. “If you have what it takes, you can try shooting me. If you can’t kill me, all the members of the Douglas family will die with you!”

Lucas’s tone was brimming with cold killing intent, and the temperature around him abruptly plummeted.

Lucas could not tolerate the fact that Gordon repeatedly tried to violate Cheyenne in front of him.

“Great! I gave you a chance! You’re the one who wants to die!” Gordon gritted his teeth with a menacing expression. He raised the pistol and was about to pull the trigger to shoot Lucas.

“Wait! Don’t shoot!” Wade, the muscular man at the side, suddenly interrupted. He glanced at Lucas with scruples and tried to stop Gordon.

“What? Do you want to betray me? Don’t forget. I paid you to be here, even though you were totally useless!” Gordon barked while glaring at Wade with reddened eyes.

Now, he just wanted to kill Lucas, and whoever stopped him would be his enemy!

“No, you can’t kill him at all! Do you think a gun is invincible? You won’t even hit him. And once you shoot, he won’t let you off. He won’t let me off either. I don’t want to die here!” Wade exclaimed with a frown.

“Hmph, I don’t believe it! You’re a useless good-for-nothing, and he’s just pretending to be powerful, yet you’re so scared. You’re such a coward! Get lost. I must kill him!” Gordon roared furiously.

Wade shook his head regretfully. “Since you insist on ignoring my advice, don’t blame me then.”

Before Wade finished speaking, he suddenly dashed at Gordon and strangled him from behind with his uninjured left hand.

“W-what are you doing!?!” Gordon panicked. He never expected Wade to bite the hand that fed him!

At the same time, both Lucas and Jordan were also a little surprised.

“Like I said, I just want to live. If you had shot, they definitely wouldn’t have let me go. If you refuse to take my advice, I’ll have to kill you first!” Wade tightened his grip on Gordon’s neck, causing the latter to choke and his eyes to roll backward.

The fear of death instantly surged in Gordon’s heart. At this moment, he no longer cared about taking revenge or restoring his pride. He just wanted to survive!

“Stop... I... I will listen... to you...” Gordon struggled to say a few words in a muffled voice.

Wade felt a tingling sensation on his wrist and subconsciously let go of Gordon.

He looked over in horror, only to see Lucas staring at them with a straight face and Jordan fiddling with the Bergmann pistol.

Jordan had grabbed the pistol in Gordon’s hand just now in an instant. Even Wade didn’t see how he actually moved!

Wade had no idea what struck his wrist either... In short, he didn’t get a clear glimpse despite having sharp vision.

This could only mean that Jordan’s combat skills were far superior to his!

If they really wanted to kill him, he’d never be able to escape!

After Gordon escaped from a close shave with death, his legs and feet went limp, and he collapsed onto the ground while covering his neck and panting heavily.

The threat of death had overwhelmed him with fear!





Chapter 71: Loyal Follower




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After finally catching his breath, Gordon raised his head and saw that the pistol originally in his hand had somehow ended up in the hand of Jordan, who was opposite him.

At this moment, Jordan was pointing the muzzle at him and threatening to pull the trigger.

Gordon was stunned to the point of turning pale and sweating profusely. His body stiffened, and he dared not move at all, fearing that he might upset Jordan and cause him to pull the trigger and shoot him.

“Hah, weren’t you very arrogant just now? Is that all the guts you have?” Jordan sneered while looking at Gordon with disdain.

Gordon’s face turned red, but he no longer wanted to retort.

Suddenly, Wade did something that no one expected.

He suddenly knelt on one knee facing Lucas and bowed. “I, Wade Spartan, would like to pledge my allegiance to you. Please grant me permission to follow you!”

As soon as he said that, Gordon was dumbfounded, and he looked at Wade in disbelief.

As Wade’s employer, he was naturally aware of his origins. Wade was a king of underground boxing and known to be ruthless and unforgiving. There had been many times where he severely injured the opponents who challenged him in the ring.

Wade deserved his title as a king of underground boxing, and the price of hiring him once was hefty.

Now, such a strong man was actually kneeling in front of Lucas and asking to pledge allegiance to him!

Gordon felt like he was dreaming.

Lucas asked with slightly raised brows, “Why?”

Wade said seriously, “You are very strong. Although you didn’t make a move, I can feel that your aura is even more terrifying than the aura of the man beside you. I want to be the follower of a mighty figure!”

Lucas smiled. “That’s your reason. But why should I keep you by my side?”

“I can do anything you command, be it murder or arson. As long as you want me to, I will do it and ensure that it won’t cause you any problems!” Wade promised. This was what most people paid him to do anyway.

However, this was of no appeal to Lucas.

“I’m not interested,” Lucas declined without hesitation.

Not only was he not interested in murder and arson, but even if he were, he wouldn’t employ Wade.

“Um... I can be your bodyguard and protect you or protect the people around you,” Wade hurriedly said after some thought.

This statement made Lucas tempted.

He naturally did not need Wade to be his bodyguard. But Cheyenne and Charlotte had been getting into trouble lately, and things would have been different if they had someone to protect them.

As a king of underground boxing, Wade naturally had passable combat proficiency. Although his bones had been broken by Jordan, he could still withstand it. Besides, the quick actions and reflexes he exhibited when he threatened Gordon meant that he was a smart man.

Lucas wasn’t afraid that he would betray him like he betrayed Gordon either. After all, for someone as strong as Wade, he would never betray someone stronger than him.

The only thing that he had to consider now was Wade’s background. If someone was deliberately trying to plant Wade beside him as a snitch, he naturally couldn’t keep him around.

Lucas thought about it and nodded. “I can consider it. I’ll look for you in the future.”

Overjoyed, Wade exclaimed, “Okay! Thank you, Mr. Gray!”

Gordon, who had seen everything, was extremely frustrated.

The thought of the expert he had hired at great cost deciding to betray him and defect to his enemy made him feel like vomiting blood.

“Wade, are you sure you want to betray me?” Gordon turned to Wade and said angrily.

But Wade smiled indifferently. “Betray? You must be mistaken, Mr. Douglas. I’m not your subordinate, and I haven’t received any money from you, so how can it be considered betrayal?”

Gordon was so furious that he started trembling. However, he really didn’t know how to retort.

Previously, he and Wade had agreed to settle the payment after completing the matter. It was true that Wade had not received a single cent from him yet.

Gordon gritted his teeth. “You! Don’t you regret your choice! If you choose that good-for-nothing, you will be an enemy of the Douglases! Do you think you can stand up to us? We can always hire another group of experts!”

Lucas was tired of hearing these threats from Gordon. “You keep mentioning your family. Do you really think your family is that impressive? Without your family, you’d be nothing, Gordon Douglas!”

Gordon flew into a rage and shouted, “Hmph, you’re just a boor who beats others all the time. How would you know how horrifying my family is? The Douglas family is a first-class family in Orange County, and we are incredibly wealthy and well-connected. We can crush you with just a finger! When the time comes, and the Carters are annihilated, you will regret what you’ve done today!”

Hearing these words, Jordan deliberately pretended to be frightened and wrapped his arms around himself. “What should we do? Lucas, I’m so scared!”

Seeing this, Gordon stood up from the ground and held his head up high proudly. “Hmph, you’re scared, huh? It’s not too late to regret it! Leave that woman behind, kneel down in front of me, and kowtow three times, and I’ll consider sparing you!”

“Kowtow my ass! Dream on, you idiot!” Jordan immediately stopped pretending and walked up to kick Gordon to make him wake up.

“Forget it.” Lucas glanced at Gordon coldly like he was looking at a dead man. “When the Douglas family falls, he won’t be able to be arrogant anymore.”

After saying this, Lucas stopped caring about Gordon and left with Cheyenne in his arms.

Jordan and Wade hurriedly followed behind him.

With a burly and muscular man like Wade behind them, when they left the Heaven Media office, no one dared to step forth to stop them at all.

Gordon was the only one who failed to get anything after painstakingly setting everything up. He even got angered and had to see his son dragged to him, all battered with bruises.

Gordon was enraged. He yelled at his men to call for an ambulance to take Brad to the hospital while smashing everything in the room to vent his anger.

Meanwhile, Jordan followed behind Lucas and asked, “Lucas, seems like that idiot won’t give up. Why didn’t you teach him a lesson so that he won’t dare to get any funny ideas?”

Wade hurriedly chimed in, “I can make him disappear from this world tonight if you’d like!”

Lucas shook his head with a smile on his lips. “No, we don’t have to do that. If we want to get rid of them, wouldn’t it be more interesting to make them kill themselves?”

Wade suddenly shuddered, thinking to himself that he had made the wisest choice of his life by not choosing to be Lucas’s enemy!





Chapter 72: Seize Everything




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Lucas chose not to send Cheyenne back to her home because it’d be inappropriate since she was unconscious. In order not to make the Carters worry, he brought Cheyenne back to his residence in Orange County, Pearl Lakeside Villa.

On the way, Lucas called someone and said briefly, “Make the Douglas family disappear from Orange County within three days.”

“Yes!” Hearing Lucas’s voice, the person on the other end dared not be negligent at all.

At this moment, the Douglas family still had no idea that a calamity was about to strike them.

Gordon Douglas’s father, Hugo Douglas, was the patriarch of the Douglas family.

Although he had long ago handed over the major businesses owned by his family to his sons and no longer tended to them, he would occasionally ask about them.

At this moment, Hugo was lying relaxedly on a comfortable couch and flipping through newspapers.

When he saw the piece of news titled ‘The Stardust Corporation has settled a cooperation for a key project in Orange County’ in bold on the financial section of the newspaper, he took off his presbyopic glasses and sighed with some envy.

“The Douglases have been trying hard to clinch that project for such a long time, but we were never successful. The Stardust Corporation managed to get it instead. The Stardust Corporation is really something!”

Next to him, a man in his late forties grabbed the presbyopic glasses from Hugo, wiped them carefully, and put them into a glasses case. He then said, “It is indeed. The Stardust Corporation may have just settled in the country a short while ago, but its development is rapid. Not only do the businesses of various sizes in Orange County want to cooperate with it, but it even managed to clinch all the key projects. It’s really impressive!”

The middle-aged man was Hugo Douglas’s eldest son and Gordon Douglas’s elder brother, Chris Douglas.

Hugo watched Chris’s movements and smiled. “Put the glasses there. A servant will come to put it away later. Why do you bother doing that?”

“It’s not much trouble. After I pack them, it’s convenient for you to use them the next time.” Chris smiled. He had always been filial and took care of all of Hugo’s needs. He would do everything he could personally as far as possible and would not let others help.

“Since the Stardust Corporation has such great potential, why don’t we try cooperating with it?” Chris asked.

Hugo Douglas sighed. “Why? When the Stardust Corporation announced that it was looking for a partner in Orange County, we immediately sent someone over. Everything was going well previously, but two days ago, the Stardust Corporation suddenly changed its mind and gave us the cold shoulder.”

“W-what’s going on? Have we offended the Stardust Corporation in any way? Or is it so arrogant and lofty that it is looking down on us?” Chris frowned.

Hugo Douglas sighed. “Who knows? Anyway, we haven’t found out yet. Chris, when you have time, go and get in touch with Mr. Davis, the general manager of the Stardust Corporation. Try to ease our relationship with the Stardust Corporation and find out where the problem lies. Try to find some opportunity to cooperate with it too.”

“Yes, Dad. I’ll surely deal with Mr. Davis. Rest assured,” Chris hurriedly agreed.

“Yes, you’re definitely someone I can trust.” Hugo Douglas patted the back of his eldest son’s hand and nodded in satisfaction. “By the way, how’s the matter with Gordon and Brad going?”

Hearing his question, Chris smiled. “It should be fine. Yesterday, Gordon asked me to introduce a competent hitman to him. It’s a king of underground boxing who’s rather ruthless. He can deal with that insignificant Lucas Gray easily. They should have already taken revenge by now.”

Hugo nodded. “Okay, that’s good. How can we get bullied by that brat and let him get away with beating Brad so badly? If we don’t get revenge, won’t anyone dare to take advantage of us? However, you have to be careful. Don’t let Gordon go overboard. Don’t create extra trouble.”

“Okay, I know, Dad. Don’t worry. Gordon is my brother. I’ll certainly help him.” Chris nodded with a smile.

At this moment, someone from the Douglas family hurried over and exclaimed anxiously, “Bad news, Mr. Douglas Senior. Heaven Media, the Luxe, and several other entertainment joints and bathhouses have been seized!”

“What?!” Hugo stood up in shock, and his expression changed. “What’s going on? Why were they seized all of a sudden?”

The family member stammered, “Someone reported us and... they found some illegal items in the companies... Some of our artists have also exposed us and said that we forced them... Anyway, they found a lot of evidence against us!”

Chris suddenly stepped forward, grabbed him by the collar, and hollered furiously, “Didn’t I tell you long ago to hide those things that shouldn’t appear? Aren’t those artists under strict control? Why did they suddenly sue us?”

“I-I don’t know...” The family member looked at Chris, whose face was twisted into an angry grimace, and he was so scared that he started shivering in fear and was on the verge of tears.

“Oh dear, oh no...” Hugo muttered to himself as he thumped himself onto the couch.

The Douglases’ businesses were more or less related to the entertainment and sex industries. They were the mainstay of the family.

Of course, they could not operate these businesses openly. So on the surface, they were known as media companies and entertainment joints. But in private, they had a lot of dirty dealings.

Due to the Douglases’ extensive network of connections, they managed to escape the strict regulations and purges. However, they were nabbed out of the blue and accused with plenty of evidence against them today. This was simply unprecedented.

Besides, once all their misdeeds were exposed, it would absolutely result in a huge uproar, and the Douglases would definitely suffer huge losses even if they didn’t collapse!

Chris calmed down a little and said resentfully, “Dad, there’s definitely something wrong! If it was just one company and something terrible was exposed, we can blame it on our carelessness. But it’s absolutely not a coincidence that so many have been affected! Someone must be deliberately trying to harm us!”





Chapter 73: Douglas Family Conference




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Hugo nodded. Chris was right. There had to be more than meets the eye!

If they didn’t resolve it properly, the Douglases would suffer heavy losses!

“The situation is urgent. Call everyone over immediately for a meeting to discuss countermeasures!” Hugo shouted.

Soon, all the direct descendants of the Douglas family and the top executives of the companies were all gathered in the Douglas family mansion.

Almost all of the companies under the Douglases’ name had been seized. These people had naturally heard of it since it had blown up to such a huge extent. Hugo Douglas even called for a meeting late at night. It was definitely because of that matter.

Hugo sat in the middle of the couch and looked around at the dozens of people standing in the living room. His eyes narrowed. “All of you, tell me the truth. Did you do anything to offend a big shot recently?”

As soon as Hugo spoke, he asked about this matter, and everyone started guessing that the Douglases must have offended a formidable figure of status, which led to the crisis. However, most of their businesses were illegal, so who knew if they had unintentionally offended someone?

For example, two years ago, a Douglas saw a beautiful girl dressed in simple and normal clothes, so he resorted to some means to get her to one of their companies, only to find out later that she came from an extraordinary family. In the end, the Douglases suffered enormous losses, had to apologize, and ended up owing many people favors in order to get the woman’s family to let them off.

Moreover, that was only because the woman didn’t get hurt too badly. Otherwise, the Douglases wouldn’t have been able to settle it so easily.

Of course, they didn’t get involved in such things often, and since the last incident, Hugo had also taught them a hard lesson.

However, slip-ups would happen every now and then. Who knew when they might have offended someone?

All of them shook their heads in unison.

“I don’t know. I’ve been behaving lately and haven’t done anything to offend anyone!”

“I haven’t either!”

“Me too. I didn’t offend anyone.”

...

Hugo narrowed his eyes as he looked at them threateningly. “I want to hear the truth! If I find out someone is lying to me, you’ll be kicked out of the family immediately!”

Hearing this, everyone panicked. But after racking their brains for a long time, they still couldn’t think of an instance where they had offended someone.

At this moment, Hugo suddenly noticed that someone was missing—Gordon Douglas.

“Where’s Gordon? Wasn’t he informed of the meeting?” Hugo questioned while looking at Chris with displeasure.

Chris hurriedly said, “I was about to report to you. But since everyone is gathered here for the meeting, I can’t say it out loud...”

Hugo’s face turned gloomy. “Speak. We’re all family, so there’s nothing you have to hide.”

Chris glanced around at the crowd listening attentively and sighed. “Gordon is in the hospital now. He has a broken toe and has suffered some injuries. Brad is also severely injured and is being resuscitated in the hospital...”

“What?” Hugo was astonished. His son and grandson had landed in the hospital, and Brad had even reached the point where he had to be resuscitated...

“Who did it?” Hugo asked with an angry expression.

Chris shook his head. “I don’t know. Gordon was really angry and didn’t say anything.”

At this moment, a Douglas suddenly said, “Gordon and Brad suddenly got injured tonight, and all our businesses were seized. Could there be any connection between the two?”

These words made everyone frown and sink into deep thought.

Indeed, if Gordon Douglas and Brad Douglas offended some big shot outside, got severely injured, and even caused all of the Douglases’ businesses to be seized, that would make sense!

Everyone turned to look at Hugo, who was exasperated. “Drag that sinful son back here at once!”

...

In Pearl Lakeside Villa, Orange County.

Flynn Davis called Lucas. “Mr. Gray, according to your instructions, all of the Douglases’ companies and joints have been seized. All the evidence has been collected, and there is no way they can deny it. This time, the Douglas family definitely won’t survive.”

Lucas expressed approval and said, “Good. I want them to perish for good.”

Davis hurriedly said, “Don’t worry about this. I’ve had people prepare a lot of evidence and photos, as well as videos of the victims’ complaints, all of which have been uploaded on the internet. It caused a massive uproar online and also attracted the attention of many departments. This time, even if the Douglases’ have wide connections in Orange County, it will definitely not help.”

Hearing this, Lucas was pleased.

Many of the nasty things that the Douglases did were challenging the law and going against ethics and morals. Once their dirty deeds were exposed, it would definitely result in outrage and public discussion. Even if the Douglases tried to suppress it, it would be to no avail.

“Has the matter over at the Brilliance Corporation been investigated?” Lucas suddenly asked.

“Yes, I was just about to report it to you. The person who sent Miss Carter to discuss the cooperation with Heaven Media was Jane Harper, Miss Carter’s former assistant and the current deputy head of the business department. As far as I know, she tried to make things difficult for Miss Carter several times today. Should we get rid of her?”

With an ice-cold gaze, Lucas said, “No, don’t fire her yet. I still need her for something.” Sacking her right away would be giving her an easy way out.

“Yes, Mr. Gray!”

Lucas put away the phone and glanced at the large bed at the side.

Cheyenne was lying on the bed, sound asleep.

She would frown at times and seemed to be unable to sleep peacefully.

Gordon Douglas had given her a strong sleeping pill. As long as she slept well, she should be awake by tomorrow morning.

Lucas walked to the side of the bed, bent over, and gently stroked Cheyenne’s forehead.

“I won’t let those who tried to harm you, including the Douglas family and Jane Harper, off. Sleep in peace,” Lucas whispered gently into Cheyenne’s ear.

As if she heard Lucas’s voice, the frowning Cheyenne in her sleep gradually stopped frowning and relaxed.

In the Douglas family mansion...

Gordon still had gauze wrapped around his toes and was helped into the hall.

Everyone waiting in the hall turned to look at him.

Gordon immediately saw Hugo in the middle. He quickly strode forward with a look of grief in his eyes, as though he had suffered great mistreatment.

“Dad, you have to help me! That rascal almost killed Brad, and he kept threatening me. The fighter I hired even turned against me and defected to him. If I weren’t lucky enough, I wouldn’t even be able to see you now!” Gordon exclaimed while pointing to the bruises on his neck.

Smack!

However, Gordon didn’t hear the words of comfort he was expecting and instead received a loud slap on his face by Hugo.





Chapter 74: Punished Using the Family Laws




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Gordon was dumbfounded by the sudden slap, and it took him a long time to react. Covering his face with his hand, he exclaimed, “Dad, why did you hit me?!”

Hugo said coldly, “Hit you? I really wish I could kick you to death! You son of a bitch, tell me, what have you done out there?!”

Gordon was naturally displeased. “What could I have done? I’ve been staying in the office! When I was bullied, you didn’t even ask the doctor about my condition. You just blamed me!”

Hugo barked angrily, “Hmph, you’re still trying to defend yourself, huh?! If you hadn’t fooled around outside and offended someone you can’t afford to offend, would we be facing this crisis today? Things have already gotten to this point, but you still won’t tell me the truth, huh?”

Chris tried to knock some sense into him. “Gordon, who have you offended? Just tell us. Don’t provoke Dad any further. If you tell us, we can also come up with a solution for you!”

Chris’s words made Gordon lose his temper, and he vented all his anger on him. “Sure, I was wondering why I’m getting blamed and accused by everyone as soon as I came home. You must have been fanning the flames and deliberately trying to frame me! Chris, you’re just afraid that I’ll compete with you for the position of successor, so you deliberately set me up in front of Dad and the rest of the family, didn’t you?”

Hearing his words, Hugo became even more exasperated, and his blood pressure rose. “Sinful son! Sinful son! If you still don’t repent, don’t blame me! This is the death of me! Someone, punish him with the family laws! I must kill this unfilial son!”

“What? Family laws?” Gordon immediately widened his eyes in disbelief.

Only when a few family members moved a bench over and a burly man walked toward Gordon with a wooden mace did he believe Hugo!

His father was actually using the family laws against him!

Families like the Douglas family with a rich heritage would often have some family laws for constraining the behavior of the members.

However, people nowadays rarely used their family laws to punish their members.

The Douglas family’s most-used punishment tool was the terrifying mace that would form holes in your body. It was horrifying!

Seeing that two more family members were coming to take him and tie him to a bench under the order of Hugo, Gordon was terrified out of his wits and no longer cared about anything else. He immediately knelt in front of Hugo and begged for forgiveness. “Father, I was wrong! I won’t dare to disobey you anymore, and I won’t quarrel with Chris either. Please don’t punish me using the family laws! If you’re upset, you can scold me a few more times or slap me a few more times!”

Hugo looked at Gordon with a straight face and reprimanded, “Then tell me honestly what you’ve done and which big shot you’ve offended to cause our family to suffer such a great calamity.”

Gordon really wanted to cry. “Father, I really didn’t offend any big shot. I’ve been in the business for decades, so what kind of person could I have offended? Why would I be so ignorant as to offend a big shot? What’s wrong with the family? What calamity? I just came back. No one told me about it!”

Hugo waved his hand, and Chris stepped forward. “Just half an hour ago, all of our companies, clubs, bathhouses, and more were all seized, and there’s a lot of evidence against us. If we can’t find out which bigwig we’ve offended, our family will be destroyed!”

Gordon was shocked on the spot. He asked in disbelief, “How is that possible?! Our family has deep roots in Orange County, and we’ve established a wide network of connections long ago. Who would disregard our status and directly seize all of our companies?”

Looking at his son, Hugo roared coldly, “You think it’s impossible? Would we deliberately scare you with this kind of thing?! The most important thing now is to think carefully about who you offended!”

Gordon immediately panicked, but a word that Chris said just now appeared in his mind.

Destroyed.

Right. Why does this word... sound so familiar?

Do you think the Douglas family is a big deal? If your family is destroyed, do you think you’d still have the right to be so arrogant to me?

Lucas had said these words to him with a sneer. Gordon was immediately reminded of it, but he was in disbelief.

“No... Impossible... How can he have the ability to destroy my family... That’s impossible!” Gordon’s eyes glazed over as he muttered to himself continuously.

After hearing his words, Hugo immediately grasped his main point. He narrowed his eyes and stared at Gordon. “Who are you talking about?”

Gordon blinked and looked at Hugo as though he was having a nightmare.

“I-it’s Lucas Gray, the son-in-law of the Carters. He beat Brad, so I nabbed his wife and wanted to get back at him. But he has an underling who’s a good fighter. He even threatened me by saying that he would destroy the Douglas family, but how is that possible? The Carters are a powerless third-rate family, and he’s a wastrel! Besides, he was the one who beat Brad badly and almost made the fighter I hired kill me instead...”

Gordon was rather muddled, but his words allowed everyone to get a clear idea of what happened.

Hugo kicked Gordon hard. “Indeed, the trouble was caused by you!”

After getting kicked, Gordon fell to the ground and shrieked in pain when his fractured toe hit the hard floor. However, facing Hugo’s rage, he could only explain, “But Dad, Lucas Gray is really a good-for-nothing! This must be a coincidence!”

“Good-for-nothing? Coincidence? You’re just a fool!” Hugo hollered angrily while looking at Gordon with a resolute gaze. “Serve him the family punishment! Break his legs!”

“No, don’t, Dad! Please spare me!” Gordon panicked and begged loudly for mercy.

A few family members got the hint from Chris’s gaze. They went forward, pulled Gordon on top of the bench, and tied him with his face facing down. Then they hit him hard on his thighs with the mace.

“Ah!” The loud shriek of misery resounded in the Douglas family residence.

Hugo closed his eyes, unable to bring himself to watch this scene. However, the incessant cries made his face twitch.

“Dad, look, why don’t we spare Gordon? He didn’t do it on purpose...” Chris persuaded.

Hugo opened his eyes abruptly, and his gaze became firm again, “No, we must make Gordon go through the punishment! Take him with you tomorrow to see Lucas Gray to apologize. You must obtain his forgiveness!”

“Yes, Dad.” Chris agreed with a faint but peculiar glint in his eyes.





Chapter 75: Because I Like It




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The next morning, Cheyenne’s eyelashes moved slightly, and she, who had slept through the entire night, slowly opened her eyes.

However, she didn’t wake up to the warm bedroom she was familiar with but a luxuriously decorated room completely new to her.

Cheyenne’s heart dropped. The last image she saw before losing her consciousness was the scene of her discussing the cooperation with Gordon Douglas of Heaven Media last night. After which, she downed a glass of champagne and then...

Have I...

No!!!

Cheyenne’s expression changed drastically, and she screamed with her head in her hands!

The door of the room was suddenly pushed open, and a figure hurriedly rushed in. “Cheyenne, what’s wrong?”

Hearing Lucas’s familiar voice, tears welled up in Cheyenne’s eyes, and she immediately jumped into his arms. She hugged him tightly and burst into tears.

Lucas hurriedly embraced Cheyenne in his arms and patted her back to comfort her. “It’s alright. Nothing happened to you. You accidentally took some strong sleeping pills, which is why you slept until now. Nothing else happened. Don’t be afraid.”

After hearing this, Cheyenne finally returned to her senses from her extreme horror. She carefully sensed her body, and it seemed to be alright.

“But... I remember Gordon Douglas and that glass of champagne...” Cheyenne suddenly shivered at the thought of that scene.

“It’s okay. I rushed over yesterday and brought you home in one piece. That bastard Gordon Douglas will also be punished. You don’t need to be afraid anymore.” Lucas comforted Cheyenne warmly.

It was extremely normal for women to be flustered and terrified after encountering something like that.

After being comforted by Lucas, Cheyenne slowly regained her composure. Only after a while did she realize that she was hugging Lucas tightly.

“Ah.” Cheyenne hurriedly let go of him and turned away to wipe the tears off her face. She suddenly felt extremely embarrassed and shy. I actually took the initiative to jump into his arms and cry. How embarrassing!

Looking at Cheyenne’s back, Lucas could see that her tiny ears were already red even though he couldn’t see her expression clearly.

Lucas burst into laughter and coughed. “Um, I brought you back here last night, and it wasn’t convenient for me to help you change out of your clothes. There’s a bathroom in the room and some women’s clothes in the closet. Go and take a shower, and then come have breakfast.”

After saying this, Lucas went out and considerately closed the door after him.

Only after Lucas left did Cheyenne lift her hand and pat her warm cheeks while subconsciously smiling.

Cheyenne looked around the spacious and luxurious room and saw a huge floor-to-ceiling window with a balcony facing the south. To the east, there was a large closet the size of the wall.

Cheyenne leaped off the bed and opened the closet.

To her surprise, the closet was mostly filled with women’s clothes, and half of it was filled with clothes for little girls. There were very few men’s clothes.

The women’s clothes were all in her size while the children’s clothes were in Amelia’s size, all of which were exquisitely crafted and fashionable. Most of them were custom-made designer clothing by major luxury brands.

There was also a plethora of accessories such as handbags, shoes, hats, etc. It was simply a luxurious and impeccable closet that most women dreamed of owning!

Cheyenne suddenly figured out that all of this was prepared by Lucas for her and Amelia.

It turned out that Lucas had secretly prepared a lot of things by himself while she was clueless.

Previously, he wasn’t making empty promises when he swore that he would treat Cheyenne and Amelia well.

For some reason, Cheyenne suddenly felt her nose getting a little sore and a strong urge to cry.

After showering, she changed into a light yellow dress and walked out of the room, only to be stunned speechless by the exquisite decor in the luxurious villa.

The stairs were made of pure crystal, and there was a spacious and lofty dome, a chandelier inlaid with colorful gemstones, and elegant and exquisite antique artifacts. The entire villa was as lavish and opulent as a beautiful palace.

Looking at everything in astonishment, Cheyenne was suddenly at a loss for words.

Does all of this belong to Lucas?

“All of this belongs to us and Amelia. This is our home,” Lucas said softly with a smile as he walked toward Cheyenne.

Cheyenne’s face once again reddened, and she glared at Lucas. “I’m not your family.”

However, her flare wasn’t deterring or hostile. Instead, it was rather cute.

Lucas knew that Cheyenne would get shy easily, so he didn’t say anything else and brought her to the dining room.

The furnishings in the bright and open dining room were gorgeous and opulent. There was also a large floor-to-ceiling window facing outside, which allowed her to see the clear lake outside. The gentle breeze was blowing in slowly and caressing her face, making her feel relaxed and at ease.

Cheyenne saw that the table was covered in a snowy white tablecloth and a large spread of dishes on it.

There was fragrant porridge, sweet corn, fried eggs, crab sandwiches, and two glasses of milk.

Lucas pointed at the crab sandwich. “Sorry, I’m not good at making sandwiches, so these are store-bought and reheated. Don’t mind it.”

Cheyenne was even more shocked when she heard this. Pointing at the sumptuous breakfast spread, she asked, “You made all of this?”

Lucas nodded. “I don’t cook often, so my culinary skills are mediocre. Try them and see if they’re to your liking. If not, I’ll cook something else.”

Cheyenne was really speechless now.

After seeing Lucas’s wealth, she originally thought that some servants or cooks had prepared breakfast. But to her surprise, Lucas cooked everything himself!

A man who didn’t cook much actually whipped up a sumptuous feast for her. He was even worried that she might not like it and wanted to prepare a new set.

She was definitely touched.

At this moment, Cheyenne was overwhelmed with complicated emotions. She was feeling bittersweet.

“Why are you doing all of this for me?” Cheyenne asked, sobbing.

Lucas smiled. “Because I like you, so I want to treat you well.”

Cheyenne had no idea that Lucas had been carrying a torch for her for more than six years.

During his time in the army, Lucas managed to overcome those hardships and dangers time and time again because he kept himself going by thinking of Cheyenne until he reached where he was today.

After six years, his feelings for her had turned into love.

He, the God of War Lucas Gray, was willing to do so much for Cheyenne all because of his love for her!





Chapter 76: Carter Corporation




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

When Cheyenne heard what Lucas said, her face was full of shock. She didn’t expect him to confess that he liked her.

All of a sudden, Cheyenne was flustered. She only raised her head to say to Lucas apologetically after a long while, “I don’t feel that way about you yet. I’m so sorry...”

Lucas shook his head and said softly, “It’s okay. It’s my business that I like you. You don’t need to feel pressured. Just treat me as an ordinary suitor. If you think I’m not too bad, and you take a liking to me someday in the future, I’d feel fortunate. However, if you still don’t think I make the cut in the end, I won’t force it.”

Hearing Lucas’s kind and understanding words, Cheyenne was even more at a loss for words. She gripped the tablecloth with her fingers, overwhelmed with a complicated mood.

Seeing this, Lucas smiled and changed the subject. “Don’t think too much. Have breakfast before it gets cold.” As he spoke, Lucas pushed the bowl of porridge toward Cheyenne.

“Okay.” Cheyenne picked up the spoon.

Soon, breakfast ended with a calm and peaceful ambiance.

After breakfast, Lucas intended to drive Cheyenne to work at the Brilliance Corporation, but she asked hesitantly, “Can I drop by the Carter Corporation first?”

“Of course.” Lucas nodded without saying much or asking the reason.

Soon, the two of them arrived outside the entrance of the Carter Corporation.

Cheyenne looked at the familiar signboard from inside the car, and a complicated look appeared in her eyes. But in the end, she opened the door and got out of the car.

“Hey! Isn’t that the woman who got chased out by the Carters? How does she still have the cheek to come to our office?”

As soon as Cheyenne got out of the car and regained her balance, a sarcastic voice sounded. It belonged to Bryce Carter.

Cheyenne glanced at Bryce with an icy gaze, not wanting to speak a single word to him at all.

Ever since Bryce colluded with Brad Douglas to abduct Charlotte and bring her to the Luxe for him to defile her, Cheyenne’s hatred for Bryce grew to the extreme.

But he was still standing fine in front of her and asking her how she had the cheek to show up here. The person who was truly thick-skinned and disgusting was Bryce!

At this moment, Lucas got out of the driver’s seat and stared at Bryce indifferently.

The glance instantly made Bryce’s body turn cold. He immediately recalled the scene of him being frightened by Lucas to the point of peeing in his pants. He even thought about the disgusting incident that happened between him and Brad Douglas after Lucas drugged him. The mere thought of it made him feel unbearable pain.

“Y-you’re not dead yet?” Bryce took two steps backward in horror. But when he remembered that this was at the entrance of the Carter Corporation, he immediately felt more courageous and began glaring at Lucas while gritting his teeth.

After Lucas did that to him and Brad on that day, Brad clearly said that he would never let Lucas go, that he would make Lucas die a miserable death!

For this reason, Bryce bore with the pain in his body and waited excitedly for two days. But why is Lucas Gray still alive and kicking? Has Brad Douglas not started executing his plan for revenge yet?

Cheyenne said to Lucas, “I’d feel disgusted if I talk to him again! Let’s go look for Grandpa.”

Hearing this, Bryce immediately blocked the two of them. “Hmph, you want to go inside the Carter Corporation office? Forget about it! You have already been kicked out and disowned by the family. You have no right to enter our family’s company again!”

Hearing this, Cheyenne sneered. “If you don’t want the Carters to make a comeback, go ahead and stop me for all I care. When Grandpa finds out, you’ll just have to bear the consequences.”

“What do you mean by that?” Bryce immediately asked.

Cheyenne took out a document from her bag. “This is the letter of intent for the Brilliance Corporation’s plan to cooperate with the Carter Corporation. If you don’t need it, I’ll leave immediately.”

A letter of intent to cooperate with the Brilliance Corporation?! Bryce’s eyes suddenly widened as he stared at the document in Cheyenne’s hand.

“How did you get this? Where did you get it?” Bryce said eagerly as his eyes burned with zeal, wishing he could snatch this document from Cheyenne immediately.

A few days ago, Flynn Davis had invited several families to attend the opulent and grand banquet, during which he even announced that the Stardust Corporation would soon reach a long-term strategic partnership with the Brilliance Corporation. Many were envious of the Brilliance Corporation instantly rising high and gaining the favor of countless companies of all sizes.

The current Brilliance Corporation was on a completely different level from what it used to be when it was under the management of the Carters.

Now, a single letter of intent of cooperation from the Brilliance Corporation would be enough to make many small and medium-sized families vie with each other for it, let alone a small family like the Carters who had just overcome a crisis.

Cheyenne raised the document in her hand. “I’m now working at the Brilliance Corporation, and I’m also responsible for the cooperation with the Carters. If you decline on behalf of the Carters, then forget it.”

Bryce naturally didn’t dare to say that he didn’t want it, even though he didn’t want to see Cheyenne at his family’s office ever again.

However, if he really refused, his grandfather would never let him off after finding out!

While feeling frustrated, Bryce stared at Lucas, who was beside Cheyenne, and suddenly laughed. “Haha, Lucas, do you think that Cheyenne will willingly marry you just because you’re following her around?”

Lucas retorted with a raised brow, “That’s between me and her. It’s none of your business.”

“Hahahahaha!” Bryce suddenly guffawed loudly with a hostile and evil gaze. “Hmph, this woman has long slept with many men. Back then, she went to hook up with Flynn Davis in order to clinch the cooperation with the Stardust Corporation. She must have slept with a random man again to get the Brilliance Corporation back. You’re just an idiot who thinks that Cheyenne will accept you because you’re so devoted!”

Cheyenne turned red in fury and snapped, “Bryce Carter! What nonsense are you saying?! Don’t think everyone is as dirty and obscene as you are!”

“Hah, am I wrong? The Brilliance Corporation was taken away by the Stardust Corporation, and all the Carters who worked there have been sacked except for you. Isn’t that proof? Don’t be so shameless!” Bryce gibed sarcastically as he stared at Cheyenne.

Smack!

She slapped Bryce hard on his face!





Chapter 77: Aston Brooke




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Bryce really deserved to be slapped for smearing her!

After being slapped, Bryce looked at Cheyenne in disbelief.

Throughout the years, he had gotten used to bullying Cheyenne. But he never thought that she would dare to slap him! “Damn it! Bitch, you actually have the audacity to...”

Smack!

Before Bryce could finish, another loud slap landed on his face!

Unlike Cheyenne’s slap, the second slap was extremely hard, and it sent Bryce flying immediately. He even spat out a few teeth stained with blood.

In merely a few seconds, half of Bryce’s face was swollen like a pig’s head, and he was in so much pain that he couldn’t speak at all.

The gaze in his eyes when he faced Lucas was full of horror and regret.

He had clearly seen how terrifying Lucas was in the Luxe, yet he still provoked him.

Lucas walked up to Bryce and looked at him coldly. “Don’t let me hear you insulting her again, or else I’ll be giving you more than just a slap.”

Bryce inhaled sharply and glared at Lucas furiously.

Lucas managed to knock out a few of his teeth with a single slap. It was obviously more than just a gentle slap.

Of course, people like Bryce would not understand he would die if Lucas had really hit him mercilessly!

Both of them ignored Bryce, who was lying on the ground, and immediately entered the Carter Corporation office.

At this moment, Dominic was entertaining a distinguished guest on the top floor of the Carter Corporation.

The guest was in his thirties, and his hair was neatly combed and tidied. He had a warm smile on his face and looked rather refined and easygoing.

All smiles, Dominic was holding a contract that he had just signed, and even the wrinkles on his face were stretched out. “Mr. Brooke, you’re young and promising. It’s a great honor for us to cooperate with the Solar Corporation!”

Dominic praised the young man incessantly.

With a smile on his face, the young man said, “Nah, we are at ease cooperating with an established family like yours. It will be a pleasure working with you!”

“Hahaha, yes, yes, it will be a pleasure. From now on, I will be counting on you, Mr. Brooke!” Dominic Carter chuckled.

“You may call me just Aston. You’re an elder, so you don’t have to be too formal with me,” the young man, Aston Brooke, said.

His respectful and humble behavior was to Dominic’s liking.

Aston Brooke was from the Brilliance Corporation. Although he was not from Orange County, his family’s status in Orange County was not to be belittled.

“I shall call you by your name then.” Dominic Carter chuckled and then pointed at a beautiful girl with exquisite makeup. “Scarlet, hurry and pour some tea for Aston.”

Scarlet stood up and picked up the cup of tea in front of Aston shyly. “Aston, I’ll go replace a cup of tea for you.”

Aston quickly declined. “I shouldn’t trouble this pretty lady. By the way, she is?”

Actually, he had already seen the beautiful woman sitting next to Dominic as soon as he entered the conference room and already knew his intentions. However, he had been feigning ignorance and thus waited until now to ask this question.

Dominic smiled. “She’s my incompetent granddaughter. Her name is Scarlet Wright. She’s very young and only twenty-years years old. After hearing that I’ll be discussing cooperation with you, she insisted on coming.”

“Grandpa! I’m not young!” Scarlet Wright protested as she subconsciously glanced at Aston with affection in her eyes.

Aston found it hilarious, but he didn’t show it at all.

The Carters were a small third-rate family. Aston obviously wouldn’t choose to marry her and form a union with them.

However, Scarlet looked rather pretty with makeup, and Dominic was obviously using her to get close to him. It would be a waste to turn her down. Anyway, there would be no harm in toying with her.

“Miss Wright is so innocent, pure, adorable, and pretty. It’s no wonder that she’s your granddaughter! I bet an excellent girl like her must have many suitors, right?” Aston said with a smile.

Hearing the compliment, Scarlet lowered her head shyly. “No, I’ve always been single!”

Aston laughed, pretending not to understand the meaning of her words. “The men here don’t seem to have good taste. How could they not pursue such a beautiful girl like you? They’re so useless.”

Dominic laughed. “Scarlet is young and doesn’t know much about such things. Aston, it happens that you’ll be staying here for a few days, so why don’t you let Scarlet take you on a tour around the city?”

Aston inwardly laughed at Dominic’s eagerness, but he didn’t decline and instead looked at Scarlet with a warm smile. “I’ll have to trouble you then, Scarlet.”

Hearing the change in Aston’s tone and the fact that he started addressing her by her first name instead, Scarlet couldn’t help but be overjoyed.

At this moment, an assistant knocked on the door and entered to report to Dominic, “Mr. Chairman, Cheyenne Carter is here and says she wants to talk to you about something.”

Dominic furrowed his eyebrows and said impatiently, “Can’t you see that I’m entertaining an important guest here? Tell her to go away. I don’t want to see her, and there’s nothing I have to say to her.”

Aston was immediately interested when he heard Cheyenne’s name.

In the past, Cheyenne was known as the greatest beauty of the county. And even Aston, who was from a different county, had heard of her, especially after her scandal. It was the talk of the town in several cities.

Aston was rather curious about the former greatest beauty of Orange County and wanted to see her.

Thus, Aston interjected to stop Dominic. “It’s okay. Since we’ve already settled on our cooperation, I won’t get in the way of you meeting someone else. You don’t have to mind my presence. Go ahead with the meeting.”

Hearing his words, Dominic immediately instructed the assistant to let Cheyenne come in.

The moment Cheyenne walked into the conference room, a flash of amazement appeared in Aston’s eyes.

Although Cheyenne was no longer the most delicate and beautiful girl in her early-twenties, she was still as gorgeous as ever. Aston couldn’t take his eyes off her.

She’s really worthy of being the greatest beauty of the county! Aston Brooke was amazed.

Lucas entered after her and immediately frowned when he saw Aston staring straight at Cheyenne without blinking. He quickly stood in front of Cheyenne and blocked her.





Chapter 78: Rejecting the Opportunity




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

As soon as Dominic saw Cheyenne and Lucas enter, he immediately turned gloomy.

“If you have anything to say, hurry up and say it. Leave immediately after you finish,” Dominic said coldly without hiding the disdain he had for them.

Although Cheyenne had already prepared herself for this, she still felt rather uncomfortable.

She had always respected Dominic, but now, he was cold and indifferent toward her as though they were strangers.

No, they were even more distant than strangers.

Bearing with the unhappiness, she handed the letter of intent to Dominic. “Grandpa, I’m here to deliver a letter of intent on behalf of the Brilliance Corporation today. You may take a look first.”

Dominic was shocked to hear her words. Looking at the letter of intent in her hand with great enthusiasm, he was about to reach out and take it, but he suddenly suspected something. “Your family has been disowned by the Carters, so why would you be so kind as to send a letter of intent to us? Could there be some conspiracy in this?”

The gaze in his eyes was full of suspicion when he looked at Cheyenne.

Cheyenne had good intentions when she decided to personally deliver the letter of intent of cooperation to the Carters because she still had some affection for the family she grew up with. This was also the reason she told Lucas to let them off.

However, Dominic’s apprehensive attitude was like a dagger piercing through her heart.

At this moment, Scarlet, who was at the side, suddenly spoke up. “Cheyenne, stop pretending! Previously, you returned with a signed contract with the Stardust Corporation, but that resulted in greater issues and caused Grandpa to have to give up the Brilliance Corporation to someone else in order to overcome the crisis. Now that you’ve brought another contract here, who knows what trap there might be?”

Filled with jealousy, Scarlet stared at Cheyenne’s pretty face, which all women were jealous of, and continued sarcastically, “Also, you’ve got really incredible means. I heard that the Brilliance Corporation sacked all the Carters, but you’re the only one who still has a stable position there. Tsk, tsk, you’re truly impressive. Which senior executive do you have close ties with?”

Scarlet’s sarcastic tone and ambiguous words left a lot to the imagination.

Cheyenne was exasperated. She rarely saw Scarlet and had never offended her before, yet Scarlet was full of animosity toward her.

Cheyenne naturally did not know that it was because Aston Brooke was obviously attracted to her and had gawked at her fondly when she entered just now, causing Scarlet to be hostile and jealous.

Lucas sneered. “Indeed, you people like projecting your filthy thoughts onto others. How amusing!”

“You! What do you mean?!” Scarlet was so infuriated by Lucas’s hostile remark that her face became flushed.

At this moment, Bryce walked into the conference room while covered his swollen cheek.

As soon as he saw Dominic, Bryce immediately leaped over, disregarding his image. He roared, “Grandpa! You have to do something for me! Look at my face! It’s so swollen, and I’ve lost a few of my teeth too. It’s all because of these bastards Lucas Gray and Cheyenne Carter! He had the audacity to bully me at the entrance of our office! Grandpa, you can’t let him off this time!”

Bryce’s complaints were somewhat slurred and vague because he had lost a few teeth.

When Dominic saw his grandson’s face that was as swollen as a pig, he was immediately furious.

He could teach his grandson a lesson, but others had no right to hit his grandson!

In particular, Cheyenne and Lucas, who had been kicked out of the family, were even more unfit to hit his grandson!

Looking at Dominic’s enraged face, Cheyenne hurriedly explained, “It was Bryce who...”

“Shut up!” Dominic hollered. “You people are in no place to discipline my grandson! Hurry up and get out!”

When Lucas saw Dominic reprimanding Cheyenne unreasonably and mercilessly, his face turned angry too. “In that case, I hope you won’t regret your decision.”

After saying these words indifferently, Lucas turned to face Cheyenne. “Since they don’t appreciate it, forget it. Let’s go.”

Cheyenne was furious and aggrieved. But when she saw Dominic’s aged face, she couldn’t bring herself to be ruthless and do it.

“I-I’ll ask you one last time. Do you want to see this contract with the Brilliance Corporation?” Cheyenne gritted her teeth.

“No, take it away! It must be something to fool Grandpa! Who believes you?” Scarlet looked extremely annoyed.

“Hmph, are you being hypocritical to make us thank you? Dream on! Even if you kneel down and beg us, we won’t look at it!” Bryce exclaimed with disdain. “You shameless couple, hurry and get lost!”

Lucas’s eyes glinted with a murderous light, and he kicked immediately Bryce.

Bryce’s body went flying like a potato sack, and he passed out soundlessly after slamming against the wall.

“Bryce!” Dominic was shocked and rushed over to check Bryce’s condition. Only after seeing that Bryce was still breathing and had merely fainted did he feel less worried.

Dominic turned his head and glared at Lucas viciously. “Lucas Gray! You’re being overboard!”

He then stared at Cheyenne coldly. “Great, Cheyenne Carter, you brought your good-for-nothing husband here to show off, didn’t you? Letter of intent from the Brilliance Corporation? Haha, do you think I’ll be grateful to you for that and even let your family reunite with the Carters? You must be dreaming!

“If it weren’t for you, Brilliance Corporation would still belong to us. There wouldn’t have been a need for you to come here and talk to us about this damned cooperation.

“If it weren’t for the fact that you were still useful to the family, I would have kicked you out long ago! I’m telling you, I won’t let you come back to the Carters, so just give up!

“From now on, you aren’t allowed to step foot into any of the Carters’ properties again! Get lost now! Get lost!”

Dominic pointed at the door in fury while looking at Cheyenne menacingly, as though he was going to devour her.

Dominic’s words and the look in his eyes made Cheyenne feel as if a million daggers were piercing through her heart, and she immediately burst into tears.

Scarlet mocked, “Stop crying, you hypocrite. Others might think that we’ve bullied you! You’re so shameless.”

Lucas stayed silent and simply watched them coldly.

If Cheyenne hadn’t been pleading for them time and time again, the Carters would have long been eradicated from the county, much less have the chance to say those harsh things to Cheyenne. These people aren’t worthy of what Cheyenne has done for them!





Chapter 79: The Douglas Family’s Apology




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Forget it, Cheyenne. You’ve already done enough for them. They just don’t know any better. From now on, regardless of their outcome, it’s all because of their own choices,” Lucas said.

“Who are you talking about? Hmph, Cheyenne Carter, don’t think I don’t know that your father is not even Grandpa’s biological son. You don’t belong to the Carter family. You’re just a bunch of bastards! Hurry up and get lost,” Scarlet barked at Cheyenne with her hands on her hips. However, she forgot that she was not a Carter either.

Cheyenne looked at Dominic bitterly. “Grandpa, do you think so too? Have you never treated me like your granddaughter?”

Dominic snorted. “Scarlet is right. Your family is not related to the Carters at all. I’ve raised you for decades, and it’s more than enough! What are you waiting for? Get lost!”

Large drops of tears rolled down Cheyenne’s cheeks, and she smiled crestfallenly while taking a deep look at Dominic. She then took a step back and said, “I understand.”

After saying this, she turned around and left without any further hesitation.

Lucas looked at Scarlet, who seemed to be smug about chasing away her enemy, and Dominic’s old and gloomy face and sneered. “How pathetic. You people will never know what you’ve missed.” He left the conference room as well.

Lucas’s words were puzzling for Scarlet and Dominic, but the way he looked at them as if he were looking at fools made them feel extremely furious and frustrated.

At this moment, a Carter hurriedly ran over and announced loudly, “Bad news. Some people from the Douglas family are here!”

When Dominic heard this, his heart palpitated violently. “Which family is that? Are they here to create trouble for us?”

“It’s the Douglas family in Orange County that owns an entertainment company and clubhouses. The chairman, Chris Douglas, is here personally with a person who’s bleeding profusely. It looks really intimidating! They must be here to create trouble. What should we do?” that Carter asked anxiously.

The Carters are really unlucky to be encountering trouble one after another!

They had just survived a crisis that almost caused them to go bankrupt and start liquidation two days ago. And now, the Douglas family was here at their doorstep. What’s going on?

At this moment, Dominic was astounded and confused. The Carters had never cooperated with Chris Douglas before, and yet he was here to look for them while bringing an injured person with him. What exactly could it be about?

Dominic was anxious. But as the head of the Carter family and the person with the final say, he had to go out and meet them, regardless of whether their intentions were hostile or not.

“Go. Hurry up and follow me to see what’s going on.” Dominic hurriedly excused himself from Aston and headed downstairs with the support of that Carter.

Aston smiled with interest and said to Scarlet, who had been sticking to him, “Let’s go down and take a look too.”

“Sure, Aston!” Scarlet unsurprisingly quickly agreed.

When they hurriedly took the elevator to the lobby downstairs, they happened to see a scene that took them aback.

Chris Douglas was bending over and bowing deeply to someone while saying in a clear voice, “Mr. Gray, I’m very sorry! My younger brother Gordon has done something wrong and offended you. We’ve already broken both his legs, and we’re now here to apologize to you and ask for your forgiveness!”

The person opposite Chris was clearly Lucas, who had just gone downstairs!

Chris’s subservient actions and speech were undoubtedly astonishing for the Carters, and they thought that they were hallucinating!

The Douglas family was a first-class family in Orange County. They were wealthy and powerful and owned countless entertainment joints in the county. And Chris Douglas, the eldest son of Hugo Douglas, was almost confirmed as the next successor of the family.

Such a big shot was actually bending over and apologizing to the loser Lucas! They even broke Gordon Douglas’s legs in order to show their sincerity to him!

“Oh my god!”

Is this world too magical? Or am I still dreaming?

The Carters dared not believe it at all.

Scarlet opened her mouth wide and looked at Lucas in disbelief.

Beside them, Aston looked at Lucas with some interest in his gaze. What... kind of a person is Lucas Gray? Is he really that legendary son-in-law loser?

At this moment, Lucas looked at Chris, who was bending forward and bowing to him, and then at Gordon, who was lying on a stretcher and covered in blood. His flesh was badly mangled, and he was in so much pain that he turned pale while his forehead was covered in cold sweat. However, Lucas didn’t feel anything.

He felt that the Douglases had brought it upon themselves.

Putting aside the fact that Gordon had attacked Charlotte, Cheyenne, and him several times, the Douglases owned several sordid businesses and often engaged in dirty deeds. This alone had already decided that their misdeeds would be exposed one day and that the family would collapse.

Although Lucas did order Davis to destroy the Douglas family, the various pieces of evidence that led to the crisis that they were facing were all real, and there was no fabrication involved.

Seeing that Lucas wasn’t responding, Scarlet suddenly thought of something. “Mr. Douglas, did you get the wrong person? You should be apologizing to Mr. Brooke, not Lucas Gray.”

Scarlet pointed to Aston beside her.

However, what she thought was a kind reminder didn’t sit too well with Chris, and he shot her an icy-cold gaze. “Shut up! Who are you to insult Mr. Gray?!”

Smack!

Before Scarlet could recover from the shock, one of Chris’s followers came over and slapped her hard in her face.

Scarlet was incredibly embarrassed, and she quickly clutched her face and stood still with tears in her eyes, not daring to make another sound.

When Dominic saw this scene, his face trembled a little, but he did not dare get justice for his granddaughter in front of Chris Douglas. So he could only pretend not to see.

On the other hand, Aston caressed Scarlet’s back and comforted her quietly. She immediately whimpered and leaned close to him.

If not for the fact that there were so many people there, she would have buried her head in his chest and cried her heart out!

However, Lucas didn’t feel that Chris was sincere in apologizing and merely thought that he was putting on a show.

He was about to leave, but beside him, Cheyenne suddenly said softly, “Lucas, just let them off.”





Chapter 80: It’s Mr. Brooke




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Since Cheyenne had spoken up, Lucas would naturally give in on her account.

Besides, he didn’t necessarily need the Douglas family to disappear completely from Orange County.

Lucas said coldly, “If not for my wife’s kindhearted nature, I definitely wouldn’t have spared your family. However, you must remember that if you provoke my family and me or commit those heinous acts again, your family can just wait to perish!”

Chris bowed repeatedly and thanked him. “Thank you for your magnanimity. We will remember your kindness!”

Lucas looked at Chris. “Aren’t you going to leave?”

“Yes, we will leave immediately!” Chris Douglas instructed his men to take Gordon, who was on the stretcher, and left in a hurry.

After glancing at Dominic and the others, Lucas left with Cheyenne.

The Carters were left dumbfounded.

Dominic couldn’t believe that Lucas, whom he thought was a good-for-nothing and had kicked out of the family, could actually speak to Chris Douglas so impolitely and even make him be so afraid and subservient toward him.

At this moment, Scarlet stared at the backs of Cheyenne and Lucas, who had gone far, and suddenly said in disdain, “Hmph, how dare that loser continue to pretend and deceive the Douglas family? Once they find out the truth, they won’t let him off!”

Dominic frowned. “What do you mean?”

Scarlet humphed coldly. “Lucas is a loser who doesn’t even have a job. How could he possibly make the Douglases stoop so low and apologize to him? He must have used someone else’s identity!”

Dominic nodded. He would rather accept this reason than believe that the loser Lucas was actually that capable.

“I was just saying that they must have made a mistake just now. The person they want to apologize to should be Aston, right?!” Scarlet turned to look at Aston and blinked.

Aston smiled calmly. “Some time ago, we did have a conflict with them. But I don’t know if they’ve made a mistake or were really planning to apologize to Mr. Gray today.”

Aston didn’t confirm anything or admit that Chris was here to apologize to him.

In fact, the Brookes did not have any business dealings with the Douglases at all, and they had never offended him either. However, he decided to play along since this silly woman had already said so.

“I knew it!” Scarlet exclaimed happily when she heard Aston’s words, which vaguely seemed to be admittance. “Hmph, Chris Douglas actually didn’t appreciate it and made his subordinate slap me. When he realizes his mistake later and comes to apologize to you, you mustn’t forgive them easily!”

Despite finding it amusing, Aston stayed composed and said indignantly, “Okay. When they come, I will make them apologize to you, Scarlet.”

Scarlet burst with joy. This means that Aston thinks I’m someone important!

Dominic was extremely satisfied too. Although the Brookes were from another county, there was no reason to limit business to just one county.

For example, Aston Brooke was now in Orange County to cooperate with the Carters, and he could even obtain the apology of a top family in the county. Clearly, the Brookes had great potential for development.

If the Carters could form ties with the Brookes, their future development would become much better!

Aston Brooke is a nice young man. If Scarlet marries him, we’ll be in-laws, and our ties will be even stronger!

As Dominic thought of this, his impression of Aston got even better. He said to Scarlet, “Scarlet, don’t bother with anything else for the next few days and just focus on accompanying Aston. Lead him around the county.”

Scarlet naturally agreed happily.

“That’ll be troublesome.” Aston thanked him politely, but he was well aware of what thoughts they harbored. Hah, since they took the initiative to come to me, I won’t stand on ceremony.

...

Meanwhile, Lucas was driving Cheyenne back to the Brilliance Corporation.

However, Cheyenne was silent along the way, and she looked extremely upset, making Lucas’s heart ache.

But that was a thorn in Cheyenne’s heart, and Lucas couldn’t counsel her or anything. He could only let her get over it on her own and understand that it wasn’t worth having any negative emotions because of the Carters at all, much less sadness or misery.

Lucas parked his car outside the entrance of the Brilliance Corporation. After seeing Cheyenne enter the office, he picked up his phone and called Flynn Davis to say a few words to him.

The fact that Aston Brooke had been staring at Cheyenne just now and seemed to be interested made Lucas feel rather worried.

Of course, what he was worried about was Cheyenne’s safety and security. If he were to be just like Seth Miller, Cheyenne would be embroiled in even more trouble.

Soon, Davis returned the call. “Mr. Gray, we’ve checked it. That person is Aston Brooke, who is from a top family in another county. They own several businesses, the largest of which is the Solar Corporation. Estelle Brooke, whom we met in Lion Restaurant, is Aston Brooke’s sister.”

When Davis said this, Lucas immediately remembered that vile couple, Estelle Brooke and her husband, Declan Adams.

“I don’t want to see any of the Brookes’ businesses in Orange County. Do as you deem fit,” Lucas said calmly into the phone.

“Yes, Mr. Gray!” Davis immediately agreed.

With the power of the Stardust Corporation in Orange County today, he didn’t have to take a family from another county seriously. As long as they released some news, the Brookes would naturally be unable to find any decent business partners in Orange County.

Lucas was about to hang up when he suddenly remembered one more thing. “By the way, one more thing. Spare the Douglases, but do what you should for the offenses they committed.”

“Okay. I know, Mr. Gray. I’ll carry out your instructions accordingly,” Davis said respectfully.

...

Chris Douglas took Gordon Douglas, who had broken legs and was lying on the stretcher, to the hospital instead of heading straight home.

“After all, your legs are severely injured. You need to recuperate well in the hospital for a while.” After completing the administrative procedures in the hospital, Chris said these words to Gordon with a nonchalant expression.

“Hmph, you must be very smug now! I made a mistake and got beaten, yet you acted all capable and competent in front of Dad. Do you think you can undermine me just by doing that?” Gordon glared at Chris with a gloomy gaze.

“Haha, you’re reading too much into things.” Chris chuckled coldly and turned around to leave.

“Hey! Chris Douglas, stop right there!”

Behind him, Gordon yelled loudly, but Chris didn’t even turn around as his eyes gleamed peculiarly. This good-for-nothing Gordon Douglas will soon hold no value. There’s no point in holding it against someone who’s about to die.





Chapter 81: Brad Douglas’s Death




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

In the hall of the Douglas family’s main residence, the phone beside Hugo Douglas, who had been anxiously waiting for news, suddenly rang.

“How is it?” Hugo asked impatiently as soon as the call connected.

“Good news! Apart from the Luxe, Heaven Media, and three entertainment joints and bathhouses ordered to cease operations permanently, the other companies are allowed to resume operations. However, we have to pay a large fine...” said a Douglas on the other end of the line.

“That’s good. The fine doesn’t matter. The Douglases can still afford to pay it!” Hugo said in a much more relaxed tone. The tension of his face also eased up.

Although he had lost several lucrative companies, which were pillar businesses of the corporation, it was much better than having the entire Douglas family be wiped out!

As long as they were given some time to operate their businesses, they would slowly recoup their losses sooner or later. At most, they would just change the names of their companies.

Hugo hung up the phone in high spirits. The family members gathered around him immediately looked at him expectantly.

“Has the matter been resolved?”

“There’s hope for our family, right?”

“Has Chris settled everything? Is that person no longer going to pursue the matter?”

Facing their anxious and expectant gazes, Hugo nodded slowly and said with a smile, “Yes, we’ve safely overcome our crisis this time!”

In an instant, the ten-odd Douglases immediately looked relieved, and they praised Chris incessantly.

“Chris is really reliable and capable. He’s only been out for an hour or so, and the matter has already been settled!”

“He’s really worthy of being the next successor. He’s really not bad!”

“Of course. That goes without saying. After all, he has Hugo’s genes. Like father, like son!”

Hugo smiled while listening to them praising Chris, but his heart was gloomy.

In particular, he wanted to sneer when he heard them saying things like Chris was definitely competent because he was his son.

It was because the eldest son, Chris Douglas, whom they were singing praises about, was not actually Hugo Douglas’s biological son but the bastard child from an illicit affair between his wife and another man!

If it weren’t for the fact that Hugo was vying for the position of the patriarch of the family back then and needed a successor to increase his chances, he would never have allowed this bastard child, Chris Douglas, to survive!

Previously, Hugo showered Chris with praises on several occasions in public and even said that he was going to be the successor of the Douglas family, all because he wanted Chris to think that he valued him so as to ensure that he would be devoted to working for the family.

He thought that Chris would finally have a taste of how it felt to pave the way to success for others when he finally handed the family over to his biological son, Gordon Douglas!

Hugo felt that all of that was what Chris and his shameless mother owed him!

At this moment, Chris happened to have just arrived home. As soon as he entered the mansion, he was surrounded by many enthusiastic Douglases, who kept praising him endlessly.

“Chris, the fact that we can overcome the crisis this time is all thanks to you!”

“Yes, if it weren’t for you, how could our family’s crisis be resolved so quickly?”

Chris was stunned. But he soon smiled and said humbly, “Not at all. It’s only right for me to do this for the family. Besides, I also took advantage of our family’s name and prestige to get the matter resolved by fluke. Actually, Dad and all of you are the ones who deserve the credit!”

Hugo patted Chris’s shoulder warm-heartedly. “It’s no wonder you’re my son. Well done!”

Chris hurriedly lowered his head.”It’s all because you taught me well, Dad. It’s all thanks to your glory!”

The two of them looked at each other and smiled, looking like an affectionate pair of father and son.

“Hey, where’s Gordon? Didn’t he come back with you?” Hugo asked when he suddenly noticed that Gordon wasn’t around.

With a glint in his eyes, Chris answered warmly, “I saw that Gordon’s legs were severely injured, and I was scared that his condition might worsen, so I sent him to the hospital. Although his injuries didn’t really hurt his muscles and bones since we were just putting on a show for Lucas Gray, he’s still quite badly injured. So I thought that it’d be better to let Gordon recuperate well in the hospital for a while.”

“Okay, good to hear.” Hugo nodded and left.

However, he had no idea that Chris was staring at him with an icy-cold gaze from behind. Hmph, old fogy, are you thinking of making use of me to bring success to your son? I’ll see how you’re going to play mind games with me when your only biological son and grandson are dead!

After walking to a corner where no one was around, Chris dialed a certain number and made a call. “Okay, those two wastrels can be killed now. But remember to make sure they die in the hospital and don’t leave any evidence behind.”

Gordon and Brad Douglas were both hospitalized because they were seriously injured. The Douglases had just gone through a crisis, so their power had been greatly reduced. They were also all overwrought with overwhelming matters to handle. And they trusted him even more than before as well.
