
“Okay, okay. You’re really something. I’ll stop, alright?” Karen glared at Cheyenne angrily.

“He can stay, but we won’t feed any loafers. He has to pay a monthly rent of fifteen hundred dollars excluding utility bills and daily expenses!” Karen demanded, deliberately making things hard for Lucas. If this good-for-nothing can afford fifteen hundred dollars, pigs will fly! By then, he’ll only have himself to blame when I chase him out!

“Sure. It’s settled then!” Lucas agreed immediately with a gleeful expression.

He merely had to pay fifteen hundred dollars for a chance to spend time with his wife and daughter. What a pleasant surprise!

Fearing that Karen would back out, he immediately returned to the car and took out a thick wad of bills from the bag under the backseat.

“There’s fifteen thousand here for half a year’s rent and utilities. I’ll top it up if it’s not enough.”





Chapter 22: She’s My Wife




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Karen didn’t expect that Lucas could really take out so much money on the spot. She stepped forward, grabbed the stack of bills, and took a few of them out while muttering, “Where did this good-for-nothing get so much money? Surely they can’t be fake, right...”

After realizing there were no issues with the bills, she looked at Lucas in bewilderment again. “Where did you get the money? I saw you take it out from the car. You didn’t take Charlotte’s money, did you?”

Charlotte obviously didn’t dare to let her mother continue and frantically pushed Karen. “Enough, Mom. This money does belong to him. Since you’ve received the money, why do you care where it comes from? I’m hungry. Go make dinner quickly.”

Having received fifteen thousand dollars for no reason, Karen entered the house in a wishy-washy fashion.

Cheyenne breathed a sigh of relief and looked at Lucas, who was holding the joyous Amelia and looking at her with a gentle and expectant gaze. Not knowing what expression to make, she led Lucas upstairs with a solemn expression.

She decided to let Lucas stay at her home entirely for the sake of her daughter.

Soon, Amelia’s gleeful giggling came from the room upstairs.

Karen was whipping a spatula around and making loud, clanking sounds. “She’s so noisy. I really don’t know what’s good about that father of hers. She just loves sticking to him.”

That night, Amelia clamored to go to bed in Lucas’s arms. Being no match for her daughter, Cheyenne had no choice but to place an extra mattress for Lucas in her room.

However, Cheyenne was full of frustration and couldn’t fall asleep for a long time. She was not just vexed about the Stardust Corporation but also about Lucas.

Holding his fast asleep daughter and listening quietly to Cheyenne’s breathing near him, Lucas felt his heart ache.

The two of them each had their own thoughts and couldn’t fall asleep for a long time.

The next morning, Lucas got up and went out to call Davis.

At this moment, it was only past six in the morning, and Davis was feeling frustrated because the ringing of his cell phone was disturbing his sleep. When he saw the caller ID, he immediately shuddered and sat up in shock. “Good morning, Mr. Gray.”

“How are the negotiations going with the potential partners of the Stardust Corporation?” Lucas asked calmly.

Davis didn’t expect Lucas to call him bright early in the morning to ask about work. He frantically answered, “There are many companies that want to cooperate with us, such as...”

“Is there anyone from the Carter family?” Lucas interjected.

“The Carters? Oh, yes, yes. A Cheyenne Carter came several times yesterday afternoon, but I haven’t met her yet. After all, the Carters’ company is small and not qualified to cooperate with us.”

After a moment of silence, Lucas said tersely, “Cheyenne Carter is my wife.”

Davis could sense the penetrative chilliness in Lucas’s voice over the phone! He immediately panicked and apologized in fear, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, Chairman! I didn’t know about that. I’m really sorry. The Carters...”

“Add them to the list. Send them a contract later, but don’t reveal my identity.”

“Yes, Chairman!”

After Lucas hung up the phone, Karen happened to be going out to get milk while stifling a yawn. When she saw Lucas, she immediately questioned with animosity, “What are you doing loitering at the door early in the morning? Are you a thief?”

Lucas didn’t bother with her and helped carry the milk into the house.

After breakfast, Lucas accompanied Cheyenne to send Amelia to the kindergarten and then accompanied her to the Brilliance Corporation.

Cheyenne wanted to refuse because the Carters hated Lucas, and he would only be berated by them if he accompanied her to work. However, Lucas insisted. After staring at him for a long time, Cheyenne had no choice but to give in. She said dejectedly, “Suit yourself.”

When the two arrived at the Brilliance Corporation, Bryce was sitting in the conference room and listening to the loud chatter. Of course, they were gossiping and laughing about Cheyenne, whom he had always disliked.

“Ah, some of you have no idea that some people just like blowing their trumpets even though they’re actually incompetent. Cheyenne Carter made several trips to the Stardust Corporation yesterday, but she didn’t even get to see the general manager. I saw her standing there for a long time on the verge of tears. It’s such a shame she couldn’t even get into the office!”

“Haha, does she think she’s still the former chairman of the Brilliance Corporation? She’s now just a low-level manager. The Stardust Corporation won’t be impressed with her. However, it might work if she tries to make use of her good looks and sells her body. After all, she’s quite the beauty!”

“Hahahaha, that’s right. But unfortunately, that good-for-nothing got away with her...”

Bang!

The door of the conference room was kicked open and slammed against the wall with a loud bang, giving everyone in the room a great shock.

Cheyenne was standing outside the door with a pale face while Lucas stood beside her, his expression cold and menacing.

“What are you doing?! How dare you throw a fit at the Carters’ company?!”

Lucas glared at the people in the conference room and was just about to give them a warning, but Cheyenne pulled him back. “Enough. Don’t cause a stir here.”

Lucas took a deep breath and didn’t say anything.

Seeing that Lucas was ‘chickening out,’ Bryce and the others were about to sneer and mock him, but a senior executive hurriedly walked over.

“The chairman is here with Mr. Wilson. Hurry up and prepare all the documents and contracts. Don’t make any mistakes!”

On the other side of the corridor, Dominic Carter was walking over with a middle-aged bespectacled man. “Mr. Wilson, I haven’t congratulated you on inheriting your father’s legacy. You’re young and promising! Regarding our cooperation...”

Before he finished, the bespectacled man interrupted him and pointed at Lucas, who was standing near the door. Gritting his teeth, he hollered, “It’s you?!”





Chapter 23: You’re Not Qualified




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Upon sight of his grandfather entering with a VIP, Bryce tidied up his suit and tie and was ready to greet them with a smile, only to be caught off guard when Mr. Wilson pointed in his direction with exasperation all over his face.

Bryce was puzzled at first. But when he saw Dominic and Mr. Wilson glaring at Lucas, who was beside him, with extremely hostile expressions, he finally realized that the one who had offended Mr. Wilson was the wastrel Lucas!

Lucas squinted and thought, Enemies often meet. The VIP, Mr. Wilson, was James Wilson, the extremely haughty man he had met at the kindergarten yesterday.

Bryce hurried forward and smiled at Wilson subserviently. “Mr. Wilson, ignore that good-for-nothing. I’ll get rid of him right away! Come on, let’s go to the conference room to discuss our cooperation.”

Wilson flung Bryce’s hand away forcefully and snapped, “Screw that! Is this person one of the Carters? Hah, just you wait and see!”

After issuing the threat, Wilson turned around to leave!

Although he wished he could dash forward immediately to kill Lucas and take revenge for what happened yesterday, his chest still hurt from Lucas’s kick, and most of his underlings were still hospitalized. Thus, he couldn’t find anyone to help him take revenge for the time being.

“No, please wait, Mr. Wilson. Let’s talk things over calmly!” Dominic and Bryce panicked and hurriedly tried to hold Wilson back while persuading him.

“That rascal has nothing to do with the Carter family. I’ll get security to come and chase him out now!” Bryce exclaimed.

Wilson slapped Bryce and retorted, “Do you take me for a three-year-old you can fool easily? Why would he be standing in front of the conference room of your company if he has nothing to do with you?”

After receiving a slap from Wilson, Bryce dared not voice his displeasure at all and had no choice but to cover his face while putting the blame on Lucas.

“Mr. Wilson, this loser really has nothing to do with the Carters. If you’re upset, I will get him to apologize and make it up to you now!” Dominic glared at Lucas in disdain and yelled, “How did you offend Mr. Wilson? Hurry up and apologize to him now.”

When Wilson saw how hostile the Carters were toward Lucas, he felt much better. Raising his head high smugly, he sneered, “I don’t care for an apology. If you’re still sincere about cooperating, tell this bastard to kneel down to me. If I’m happy, I’ll consider the matter of cooperation again!”

Without saying a word, Dominic barked at Lucas, “Didn’t you hear what Mr. Wilson said? Hurry up and get your ass here to kneel and apologize.”

Lucas naturally ignored him. He obviously wouldn’t kneel and apologize.

Staring at Dominic and the others coldly, he questioned, “You don’t even know what happened between me and him, but you want me to apologize to him? Besides, didn’t you say that I have nothing to do with your family? Who are you to order me to kneel and apologize to him?”

“You!” Dominic was enraged. “If you don’t kneel and apologize, I will kick your family out!”

Cheyenne’s pupils constricted. Grandpa is threatening to kick us out again. Does he not care about us at all?

Lucas’s face was gloomy as well. Threatening me with that, does he think I’ll be scared?

If he were alone, he wouldn’t bother staying with the Carters at all!

At this moment, a receptionist hurriedly ran over. Panting heavily, he exclaimed, “Mr. Davis of the Stardust Corporation is here. He’s waiting in the reception room downstairs!”

“Stardust Corporation? Mr. Davis is here personally?” Dominic and the other Carters were astonished. Even the haughty Wilson was stunned.

“What are you waiting for? Hurry up and receive Mr. Davis!”

Dominic hurried down with a group of people, but since they didn’t have enough time to wait for the elevator, they decided to go down the stairs.

Seeing that Wilson was following them too, Lucas couldn’t help but sneer.

Cheyenne tugged Lucas and exclaimed anxiously, “Let’s hurry down too!”

In the reception room on the second floor, Dominic stepped forward to greet Flynn Davis. With an enthusiastic smile, he exclaimed, “Mr. Davis, my apologies for failing to receive you well!”

Wilson hurriedly extended his hand. “Nice to meet you, Mr. Davis. I’m James Wilson of the Wilson family that helms the Titanium Corporation...”

Davis glared at him dismissively without extending his hand. “The Wilson family? Titanium Corporation? What nonsense is that?”

Wilson’s expression immediately stiffened.

Although the Titanium Corporation was nothing compared to the Stardust Corporation, the Wilson family was at least at the bottom of the ranks of the first-tier families. Even the Carters had to suck up to them!

Wilson’s face stiffened, and he dared not be hostile toward Davis.

Seeing that Lucas and Cheyenne were here too, Wilson found an outlet to vent his anger. He lashed out at Lucas, “You bastard, who let you come? Dominic Carter, didn’t you say that you would chase him out?”

“Hmph!” Davis humphed and questioned, “James Wilson, helmsman of the Titanium Corporation, you’re so mighty, huh? Who are you to interfere with the matters between the Stardust Corporation and the Carters?”





Chapter 24: Signing The Contract




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Wilson paused and dared not speak anymore. It would be bad if he angered Mr. Davis and made the Stardust Corporation and the Huttons who owned it boycott his family.

Davis quickly glanced at Lucas, but he did not go up to greet him and instead pretended not to know him.

Since Lucas wanted to keep his identity secret from the Carters, he had to follow instructions because he was his subordinate.

Davis took out a document and placed it on the desk in the reception room.

Dominic immediately looked over. When he saw the word ‘contract,’ his eyes immediately widened, and he said in a shaky voice, “Contract?”

Davis chuckled. “Yes, this is the strategic cooperation contract drawn up by the Stardust Corporation. Miss Cheyenne Carter looked for me several times yesterday, and I was touched by her sincerity, so I want to give your company a chance to cooperate with us. I have already signed this contract. As long as you have no other objections, you can sign it after taking a look, and it will take effect immediately.”

The Stardust Corporation actually took the initiative to offer them a chance to cooperate!

It was a godsend!

However, when they heard that they obtained the contract because of Cheyenne, their faces turned grim, and many of them subconsciously glanced at Bryce several times.

Dominic had promised to give the position of general manager of the Brilliance Corporation to the person who managed to clinch the cooperation agreement with the Stardust Corporation.

Now that Cheyenne had clinched the contract, was she really going to make a comeback and become the helmsman of the Brilliance Corporation again?

Bryce looked extremely upset too. He was originally already confident that Cheyenne wouldn’t be able to handle the cooperation agreement with the Stardust Corporation and wanted to take the opportunity to drive her, her good-for-nothing husband, and her useless parents out of the family. He didn’t expect her to really clinch the cooperation...

Cheyenne was stunned too. Yesterday, she had asked to see Mr. Davis at the Stardust Corporation office several times but to no avail. In the end, she almost thought that she no longer had any hope. To her surprise, Davis was touched by her actions and even brought the contract to the Brilliance Corporation personally.

Needless to say, Dominic was overjoyed. Without even taking a careful look at the contract, he hurriedly signed his name at the bottom and stamped the Brilliance Corporation’s official seal on it, for fear that Davis would change his mind and withdraw the contract.

Having finished the task given by Lucas, Davis felt relieved and turned to leave.

Seeing that the Carters had actually signed a contract with the Stardust Corporation, Wilson felt bitter and infuriated because the Carters were too busy rejoicing, so no one attended to him. He stormed off in a huff.

Having signed the contract, Dominic was extremely pleased. He looked at the joyful Carters in the room and suddenly cleared his throat. “Since everyone is here, I shall announce something.”

Here it comes!

Everyone came to a sudden realization. It seemed that it was time for Dominic to announce the new helmsman of the Brilliance Corporation.

Countless envious gazes were cast at Cheyenne. Even many of those who had mocked her loudly previously began looking at her with awe and tried to suck up to her.

If not for the fact that Bryce, the eldest scion of the Carter family, was staring at them hostilely, many of them would have run to Cheyenne immediately to show their loyalty to her.

Cheyenne was extremely excited too, and she was staring at Dominic with glistening eyes.

“I hereby announce that Bryce Carter will be the new general manager of the Brilliance Corporation from today onward. He will be fully responsible for all affairs of the corporation, including the cooperation with the Stardust Corporation. Everyone else must fully cooperate with him!”

After Dominic said this, everyone else was stunned.

Lucas’s face turned gloomy, as he didn’t expect Dominic to go back on his word!

After being shocked for a while, Bryce looked pleasantly surprised as he walked over and exclaimed loudly, “Okay, Grandpa! I’ll do a good job and make sure that I don’t let you down!”

The other Carters soon turned their heads over, thinking to themselves that Dominic was just making an empty promise previously. Why would he hand over the company to a granddaughter who wasn’t related to him by blood instead of his biological grandson?

They were muddled!

In particular, a few of them who almost wanted to express their loyalty to Cheyenne felt extremely thankful that they didn’t. Otherwise, Bryce wouldn’t have let them off!

“Okay, this is all. You are dismissed. Get back to work.” Dominic turned around to leave.

Unable to tolerate it any longer, Cheyenne chased after Dominic and stood in front of him. “Grandpa! Didn’t you say that you would give the Brilliance Corporation to the person who clinched the cooperation agreement with the Stardust Corporation? Why did you let Bryce become the general manager instead?”

Dominic glared at Cheyenne apathetically. “Are you upset? If not for you, the Carters wouldn’t have become a second-rate family in Orange County. If not for your loser husband offending Mr. Wilson, we would have signed a contract with him too. You’re so incompetent! What right do you have to be indignant?”





Chapter 25: As Long As You Wish




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Dominic berated Cheyenne without any mercy, making her feel as though she had been struck by lightning, and her face paled immediately.

Cheyenne didn’t expect that to be the way Dominic had been thinking of her...

Lucas walked to Cheyenne and stared at Dominic indifferently. “You previously said that you would hand over the Brilliance Corporation to whoever clinches the cooperation agreement. Turns out you’re not a man of your word at all.”

Dominic humphed coldly. “Who do you think you are? How dare you question me? I’ll make it clear today. No matter how many contracts Cheyenne Carter secures, I will never hand over the Brilliance Corporation to her! One should know their place!”

After saying his piece, he left with the contract in his hand.

The remaining Carters looked at Cheyenne with a gaze that was worlds apart from earlier.

“Hah, do you still think you can become the chairman of the Brilliance Corporation again? You must be dreaming!”

“At the end of the day, Mr. Carter Senior is wise. He could tell at a glance that she’s a jinx. How can the Brilliance Corporation be handed to her?”

“Bryce is the rightful successor. Some people here are nothing compared to him. How dare she contend with Bryce?!”

“One should know where they stand. Mr. Carter Senior is right!”

“Hahaha, my thoughts exactly. She ought to realize that she can’t hold a candle to Bryce!”

Their mockery was like daggers piercing Cheyenne’s heart.

Cheyenne had founded the Brilliance Corporation singlehandedly with her hard work. Not only did they snatch it away from her, they even berated her like she was the villain coveting the company. They even blamed the family’s poor development on her while ignoring everything she had done for the company, which she had put her heart and soul into.

Why?

Bryce walked up to Cheyenne and stared at her pale face with a smug grin, full of a sense of superiority. “Cheyenne Carter, don’t waste your efforts anymore. From now on, the Brilliance Corporation belongs to me entirely. As long as I’m around, you will never get ahead, and you will have to be at my beck and call. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being nasty to you!”

Lucas suddenly walked over and stood in between the two of them, shielding Cheyenne behind him.

“What are you doing?!” Bryce was instantly displeased. They were standing close to each other, and due to Lucas’s height, he immediately felt a great sense of oppression and reluctantly took two steps backward.

Staring at Bryce with a straight face, Lucas said, “Don’t think that no one knows the sordid things that you did in the past.”

Although Lucas didn’t have much of an expression on his face, Bryce still felt a chill in his heart as he was overwhelmed with fear. Feeling guilty, he said, “What nonsense are you spouting? Damn it! One day, I’ll make sure I kick you out of the family, you trash!”

Bryce hurriedly left.

The other Carters left too.

Lucas glared daggers at Bryce’s back.

Back then, Bryce was the one who gave Dominic Carter the idea to frame Cheyenne and Lucas so as to snatch the Brilliance Corporation away.

Having done such a disgusting thing, he definitely had to pay the price one day!

Lucas and Cheyenne were the only ones remaining in the reception room.

Cheyenne fell helplessly onto the couch with a blank expression and a soulless gaze. At this moment, she looked extremely vulnerable.

“Cheyenne...” Lucas squatted beside her and whispered.

Upon hearing his gentle voice, Cheyenne burst into tears, unable to hold them back any longer. Her tears slid down her cheeks like the beads of a broken bracelet.

Cheyenne looked at Lucas and broke down, weeping silently.

Feeling immense heartache, Lucas reached out to pull her into his arms.

Cheyenne clenched her jaw and sobbed before pounding Lucas’s chest again and again.

“It’s all your fault... It was your fault then... and now too... What am I lacking? How did I offend you?”

Lucas hugged Cheyenne and allowed her to pound his chest continuously, regardless of how hard she was hitting him.

After a long while, Cheyenne finally calmed down. She was sobbing, and her nose had turned red. She wiped the tears on her face and immediately felt embarrassed when she saw the mess on Lucas’s clothes. It had been years since she cried so hard. To make things worse, she was crying in front of Lucas.

“I’m sorry...” It was unclear if she was apologizing for her actions or for dirtying his clothes.

Lucas didn’t bother about that. He asked Cheyenne seriously, “Do you really want the Brilliance Corporation back?”

Cheyenne was stunned for a while. “I don’t want the Carters’ other companies, but the Brilliance Corporation is different. I established it step by step years ago, and I put my heart and soul into every stage of development. It will only be ruined in the hands of those who are incompetent! I just don’t want...”

“Okay, I understand.” Lucas nodded.

“As long as you wish, I’ll get the Brilliance Corporation back for you.”





Chapter 26: Breaching The Contract




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“What?” Cheyenne froze, almost suspecting that she had misheard him.

“I said, as long as you wish, I can give you the Brilliance Corporation and even more,” Lucas repeated clearly again, his tone confident and firm.

Cheyenne looked at Lucas with great disappointment in her pretty eyes.

She stood up coldly and said to him, “I can accept that my husband is a mediocre person who isn’t too capable, but I don’t want Amelia’s father to be an empty vessel who does nothing but brag and lie all day.”

Cheyenne stared at him with a deep glance and then left the reception room silently.

Lucas smiled quietly and thought, It’s alright. She’ll find out one day that what I said is true.

He took out his phone and called Davis. “Conquer the Brilliance Corporation immediately. You know what to do.”

——

The news of Dominic Carter appointing Bryce Carter as the new general manager of the Brilliance Corporation quickly spread throughout the entire company. In less than half a day, all the appointment letters, seals, nameplates, and other miscellaneous items were prepared.

Sitting in a spacious office, Bryce spun around a few times on the swivel chair and laughed heartily.

When Dominic entered, Bryce immediately went up to him. “Grandpa.”

Looking at his grandson, who was clad in an immaculate suit, Dominic nodded in satisfaction. “Not bad. You do look like a general manager. Bryce, I’m handing the Brilliance Corporation to you now. Train hard and gain more experience. In the future, the entire Carter family will belong to you too.”

Bryce looked euphoric. Actually, he was Dominic Carter’s only biological grandson, and his father had already passed away. It was only a matter of time before the entire family would be handed over to him. He knew that his grandfather wouldn’t hand over the Carter family to those who were not related to him by blood.

However, he still had a grateful look on his face. “Yes, thank you for your trust and for grooming me, Grandpa. I’ll definitely do a good job!”

However, when he thought about Cheyenne, who used to pose a threat to him, Bryce was immediately displeased. So he said to Dominic, “However, Grandpa, I saw that Cheyenne was incredibly upset over you handing the Brilliance Corporation to me. I’m afraid she’ll deliberately retaliate against the company and do something to harm the family.”

“If she dares to do that or harbor any ill intentions, I’ll kick her and her family out immediately!” Dominic shouted.

Bryce was at ease. He wished he could chase Cheyenne away immediately.

At this moment, his cell phone on the table suddenly rang.

Filled with joy and vigor after assuming his new position, Bryce picked up the phone and asked, “Hello, who’s speaking?”

However, his smile soon stiffened, and the more he thought about it, the more he felt that something was amiss. He even began to stammer. “W-wait a minute! I-is there a mistake somewhere? How can that be?” The cold sweat on his forehead instantly dripped down.

“What’s the matter?!” Sensing that something was wrong, Dominic immediately snatched the phone away instead of questioning Bryce. Unfortunately, the caller had already hung up.

“What exactly happened?” Looking at Bryce’s face, Dominic knew that something terrible must have happened.

Bryce looked at Dominic anxiously. “It was a call from the Stardust Corporation, saying that they want to terminate the cooperation with us. They also said that we’ve breached the contract and want us to pay massive compensation! Grandpa, what should we do?”

“What?! How did that happen?” Dominic panicked and stumbled, almost losing his balance and falling onto the ground.

Bryce hurriedly stepped forward to hold him. He was caught off guard by the sudden notification and had to let Dominic make the decision.

“Grandpa, have a seat and drink some tea. How could this happen all of a sudden? The contract was just signed this morning, so how could there be a breach of contract? Something must have gone wrong somewhere!”

“Yes, we’ve just signed the contract, and we haven’t taken any action yet. How is there a breach of contract? Did they mention in what way we breached it?”

“No. They merely stated that there was a breach of contract and that we have to compensate in accordance with the terms. The compensation is a huge sum of money, and we definitely can’t afford it. Why don’t I call the Stardust Corporation again?” Bryce asked.

“Yes, call and clarify with them,” Dominic instructed firmly.

Unfortunately, none of Bryce’s attempts succeeded, as the other party would simply hang up after thanking him for calling. They obviously didn’t want to speak to him in detail.

Dominic was extremely anxious, but he dared not flare up because he was facing the Stardust Corporation.

“Tell everyone to come here for an emergency meeting!” Dominic ordered.

Soon, all the Carters gathered in the conference room.

They were initially still smiling gleefully, but as soon as they entered and saw the displeasure on the faces of Bryce and Dominic, they immediately stopped smiling and sat down conscientiously.

Almost all of them were present, except Cheyenne.

Dominic frowned. “Everyone’s here. Bryce, tell them.”

“Yes, Grandpa.” Bryce sat in the general manager’s seat and repeated the news that he heard over the phone once more.

After hearing his words, the Carters were flabbergasted!





Chapter 27: Fabricating Truths




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Really? How did that happen?”

“We just signed the contract with them this morning. How can there be a breach of contract this afternoon? We haven’t done anything yet!”

“Yeah, the Stardust Corporation isn’t playing a trick on us, right?”

“Did they deliberately set us up? But why are they targeting us?”

“They’re really shameless. I thought that the Stardust Corporation was a huge enterprise that wouldn’t resort to such tricks!”

Everyone was babbling continuously in indignation.

They thought that it was a godsend opportunity that fell into their laps, but it turned out to be harmful to them. How could they tolerate it?!

Dominic smacked the table and roared, “Enough! I asked you to come here to discuss some strategies and countermeasures, not to listen to your nonsense. Hurry up and think of some solutions. If you don’t have any, shut up!”

The people in the conference room immediately fell silent.

“So, do all of you have nothing to say? Have I been feeding a bunch of garbage?” Seeing that no one was saying anything, Dominic got even more infuriated.

“Um, did we offend someone at the Stardust Corporation? That’s not right either. If we really offended them, Mr. Davis wouldn’t have made it a point to come over to sign the contract with us this morning. In other words, did someone offend the Stardust Corporation after signing the contract?” someone asked carefully.

His conjecture was likely to be true.

Dominic glanced at them coldly. “So, did any of you do something to offend anyone today?”

All the people present felt a cold chill down their spines when they saw Dominic’s gaze and hurriedly shook their heads.

One of the Carters discovered that Cheyenne, who usually acted as cannon fodder when Dominic was furious, wasn’t here and immediately felt dismayed. He started whispering.

“What are you talking about?” Dominic glared daggers at him.

Taken aback, he hurriedly said, “No, I’m just wondering why Cheyenne Carter isn’t here yet. She’s always missing when there’s trouble.”

Cheyenne Carter?

Yes! This must have something to do with her!

Everyone suddenly thought of something, as if they had received a reminder.

“This matter must have something to do with Cheyenne Carter! Mr. Davis of the Stardust Corporation said that he offered the contract to us because of her sincerity. However, in the blink of an eye, he said that we breached the contract and wants us to compensate. Cheyenne Carter should be the one to resolve this matter!”

“Yes! She was the one who clinched the contract, so she should be the one to solve the problem!”

“Besides, everyone is here for the emergency meeting except her. Is it because she’s deliberately avoiding us? Or is it because she’s done something that goes against her conscience?”

The more the Carters talked, the more excited they got, and there were more and more conjectures.

Bryce smacked his hand on the table and exclaimed, “Ah, I know!”

With a look of excitement, he said to Dominic, “Grandpa, I know! Today, Mr. Davis said that he signed the contract with us only because of Cheyenne’s sincerity. I think he must have taken a fancy to her!

“Previously, you said that whoever can clinch the contract with the Stardust Corporation will take over the Brilliance Corporation. Everyone knows that Cheyenne is bent on taking away the Brilliance Corporation, so she must have tried to clinch the contract by resorting to all means. So...

“So, she must have gone and made some kind of deal with Mr. Davis!”

The more Bryce spoke, the more certain he was of his guess, as if these were not just his wild guesses but truths.

“No matter what, Cheyenne is still the most beautiful woman in Orange County. That’s probably why Mr. Davis decided to sign the contract with us. However, he went back on his word and changed his mind after seeing that you didn’t hand the Brilliance Corporation to her! Mr. Davis must be infuriated. That’s why he suddenly sued us for breach of contract!”

The Carters came to a sudden realization.

Yes, that must be the truth! It’s all Cheyenne Carter’s fault!

“Get Cheyenne Carter to come to the office to see me immediately!” Dominic ordered with a hostile expression.

——

After leaving the office today, Cheyenne went straight home, where she cooped herself up in her room and refused to see anyone. Her phone was on silent mode too.

Karen kept probing, but Cheyenne refused to say a single word.

The events that occurred today and, in particular, Dominic and the other Carters’ attitudes toward her made her feel disappointed.

At this moment, Karen’s phone rang. Seeing that it was a call from Bryce, she immediately picked up.

“Hello, Bryce. Yes, she’s in. You need to talk to her about something urgent? Okay, I’ll get her to go to the office immediately.”

After hanging up, Karen immediately pounded hard on the door of Cheyenne’s room. “Cheyenne, hurry up and come out. Your grandfather wants you to go to the office for something urgent!”

Cheyenne didn’t really want to go. but thinking that perhaps there was something important that she had to deal with at the office, she forced herself to get up.

Soon, Cheyenne arrived at the conference room of the Brilliance Corporation and was greeted by a bunch of people staring at her with furious and peculiar gazes.

Cheyenne’s heart dropped. What’s going on? Does it have something to do with me too?

“Cheyenne, I didn’t expect you to be so shameless. Since you’ve hooked up with Mr. Davis to get the contract signed, why did you go back on your word and cause us to be sued by the Stardust Corporation for breach of contract?” Bryce was the first to stand up, and he immediately lashed out at Cheyenne.

Cheyenne was instantly stunned!





Chapter 28: All Sorts of Insults and Humiliation




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Hook up? Go back on my word? Breach of contract? What?

“What nonsense are you spouting? Didn’t the Stardust Corporation just sign the contract with us this morning?” Cheyenne asked with a frown, her eyes still red from crying just now.

Bryce humphed coldly. “Hmph, drop the act! Just come clean. Were you the one who caused the Stardust Corporation to sue us for breach of contract and demand compensation? How will it benefit you if the Carters suffer heavy losses?”

Only then did Cheyenne somewhat figure out what he meant. She was extremely astonished too. The Stardust Corporation is suing the Carters for breach of contract? What’s going on?

“Cheyenne Carter, I’m telling you, no matter what shameless conditions you promised Mr. Davis in exchange for the contract, something has gone wrong now, and you have to solve the problem!” Bryce exclaimed sternly while pointing at Cheyenne’s nose.

Cheyenne’s face turned red with exasperation because of what he was implying. “What do you mean shameless conditions? I didn’t promise anyone any conditions. Don’t slander me. Aren’t you the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation now? You should be the one to solve any problems that arise!”

“Shut up!” Dominic slammed his hand on the table in anger. “Bryce is now the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation, so you’d better talk to him respectfully! Furthermore, are you showing your disgruntlement about my decision this morning?”

Cheyenne clenched her jaw and said after a long time, “No.”

“Say it yourself. What rights do you have to make me hand over the Brilliance Corporation to you? The scandal you were involved in previously has already brought shame to the family and caused us to incur severe losses because of the stagnation of the company’s development. You refused to marry Seth Miller, and today, your good-for-nothing husband offended James Wilson, causing the cooperation with the Wilsons to flop. I thought that you were at least a little useful, but as soon as we clinched the contract with the Stardust Corporation, this happened!”

Dominic stared at her accusingly. “Cheyenne Carter, I’m really disappointed in you.”

Cheyenne felt extremely aggrieved, but she knew that her grandfather was just biased against her and trying to push all the blame to her. No matter what she said, he would just think that she was making excuses.

“No matter what, you have to solve the issue with the Stardust Corporation, or else we will go bankrupt if we really have to compensate a huge sum of money for the breach. Are you going to watch the Brilliance Corporation fold?”

Dominic was well aware of how attached Cheyenne was to the Brilliance Corporation. Previously, he often threatened her with the fate of the Brilliance Corporation too, making her slog her guts out for the company.

This time, he was doing the same thing once again. Cheyenne’s heart was full of misery, but she really could not bring herself to watch the Brilliance Corporation wind up.

She clenched her fist and suddenly raised her head to say to Dominic, “Okay, I can promise to go see Mr. Davis and try to talk him around, but you have to promise me one condition.”

“This is your responsibility to begin with. How dare you make Grandpa promise you a condition?” Bryce immediately chided.

Dominic frowned. “Tell me.”

After taking a deep breath, Cheyenne said seriously, “If I can solve this issue and save the Brilliance Corporation from the crisis, I hope you will return it to me, Grandpa.”

“Don’t even think about it! Impossible!” Before Dominic even spoke, Bryce immediately sprung up as if his tail had been stepped on. What a joke! The Brilliance Corporation already belongs to me. Who is Cheyenne Carter to take it away from me? Grandpa will never agree to it!

“I single-handedly established the Brilliance Corporation. After I gave birth to Amelia, you said you’d help me manage it, but you never returned it to me. I’m just taking back what rightfully belongs to me.” Cheyenne refused to budge as well.

“You!” Overwhelmed with anger, Bryce turned to face Dominic. “Grandpa, what is she saying? Is she trying to say that we snatched the Brilliance Corporation away from her?! It belonged to the Carters in the first place! Besides, it’s indeed true that she colluded with Mr. Davis with the intention to take the Brilliance Corporation away!”

“You actually have the cheek to say that the Brilliance Corporation belongs to you. You’re so shameless!”

“I was wondering why we got sued for breach of contract right after signing it. It turns out Cheyenne Carter has long colluded with others!”

“Cheyenne Carter, if not for our family’s reputation, would you have been able to establish the Brilliance Corporation? We helped you, but not only are you not grateful, you even have the audacity to say that we stole it from you!”

“Exactly. We worked hard for so many years, and if we hadn’t taken over the Brilliance Corporation, it would have long folded! Such big talk! This company belongs to the Carters!”

The other Carters began pointing fingers at Cheyenne, as if the Brilliance Corporation should have belonged to the Carters in the first place and that Cheyenne was just trying to rob them of their asset.

They were twisting facts!

Cheyenne was infuriated, but there was no way she could outargue more than ten people who lived off of the Brilliance Corporation.

“Enough, all of you!” Dominic roared to stop the commotion going on in the conference room.

Glaring at Cheyenne with a stern gaze in his eyes, he threatened, “I don’t care if you deliberately schemed against us this time or what. Regardless, if you can’t settle this issue with the Stardust Corporation within two days, I will remove your names from the family records!”





Chapter 29: Disowned by the Carters




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After Dominic said that, the Carters couldn’t help but look at each other.

It had been a long time since anyone was disowned and kicked out of the family.

Although people placed less emphasis on familial ties these days, and being disowned by your family would not warrant public hate, it was still a serious matter for a major family like the Carters.

After being disowned and chased out of the family, they would no longer be entitled to all the dividends and benefits of the companies owned by the Carters, and even their residence would be confiscated.

After all, being disowned by your family was an extremely embarrassing thing, as it usually meant that you had committed a heinous offense and had a problematic character that caused you to be chased out of the family.

Cheyenne didn’t expect Dominic to threaten her without getting to the bottom of the truth.

At this moment, Cheyenne’s heart turned cold.

She had done so much for the family in the past, but what was it for?

Was a family like this really worth her effort...

Over the next two days, Cheyenne went to the Stardust Corporation countless times and begged to see Flynn Davis but was rejected every single time.

“I’m sorry, Miss Carter. The general manager is busy at the moment. Do you have an appointment with him? If you don’t, I’m sorry, but you can’t see him.”

At a loss, Cheyenne walked out and stood outside the Stardust Corporation office tower, not knowing where to go.

Her slender figure was so thin and fragile that she looked like she was unable to hold on any longer.

Lucas stood on the top floor of the Stardust Corporation office tower and gazed at her figure for a long time, feeling a heartache with misery in his eyes.

“Mr. Gray, are you really not going to see her... She’s your...” Davis asked.

“No, we’ll act according to the original plan. Only when she sees how heartless the Carters are to her can she truly be ruthless and sever ties with them.”

He thought that Cheyenne would only end up getting ruined if she continued to stay in that toxic family where everyone humiliated her and exploited her to no end.

“Cheyenne!” Charlotte hurriedly ran over and hugged Cheyenne with a gleeful expression. “Cheyenne, I just received the notice that I passed the Stardust Corporation’s interview, and I’m now an official employee! This is my nameplate. Don’t worry anymore. I’ll go in and ask Mr. Davis.”

“Charlotte, no!” Cheyenne hurriedly stopped her sister. “You’ve just been recruited, so don’t get involved in this matter, lest it affects your job. That’d be worse! Ah, I haven’t congratulated you on joining the Stardust Corporation yet. Let’s celebrate tonight,” Cheyenne said, forcing herself to put on a lopsided smile.

“Why are you saying this? Cheyenne, I’m not a kid anymore. I can share your burden. Actually, why should you be the one to solve this matter? Grandpa and the others just think you’re a pushover, huh? If I were you, I would just put this matter aside and let them worry about it themselves! What do the company’s risk of winding up and losses incurred have to do with you? Anyway, no matter how much effort you put in, they won’t return the Brilliance Corporation to you!” Charlotte rattled on nonstop like a drum, feeling extremely unjust for her sister.

Feeling terrible, Cheyenne said, “I just can’t stop worrying about the Brilliance Corporation. I don’t want to watch it get destroyed like this.”

Charlotte knew that her sister had always had a strong attachment to the Brilliance Corporation. Stomping her feet furiously, she exclaimed, “In that case, I will ask for you!”

Before Cheyenne could stop her, Charlotte dashed into the Stardust Corporation with her work pass, pressed the elevator button, and rushed straight to the general manager’s office on the top floor. The secretary outside didn’t stop her at all.

“Are you the general manager, Mr. Davis? I have some questions for you.” Charlotte stood in the office and looked at Davis, who was sitting in front of his desk.

“Sorry, Mr. Davis. This new employee isn’t aware of the rules and barged straight in. I couldn’t stop her,” the secretary hurriedly apologized to Davis after glaring at Charlotte.

Ever since he learned that Cheyenne was Lucas’s wife, Davis had investigated some of Cheyenne’s connections and naturally recognized the new employee in front of him to be Cheyenne’s sister.

“It’s okay. You may resume your duties.” Davis waved his hand at his fear-stricken secretary.

After the secretary left, he looked at Charlotte and asked, “What do you want to ask me?”

“Mr. Davis, I just want to ask you why you signed a contract with the Carters’ Brilliance Corporation only two days ago, but you sued them for breach of contract this afternoon? I want to know why there is a breach of contract or if the Carters have offended you in any way. My sister has been waiting for you outside the entrance for two days over this matter. Even if you refuse to see her, it would only take a minute for you to send someone to make your intentions clear to her, right?” Charlotte’s heart ached for her sister whenever she thought about Cheyenne, who was on the verge of fainting outside.

“Since you’ve asked, I’ll tell you. Go back and tell the Carters that they have done something wrong and offended someone, so they must bear the consequences,” Davis said.

“Who? Isn’t it you whom they offended?” Charlotte asked in great surprise.

Davis shook his head. “No, that person holds much more authority than me, and I can’t afford to offend him at all, let alone the Carters. That’s all I have to say.”





Chapter 30: Kicked Out by the Carters




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Davis’s words put Charlotte in disbelief. The Stardust Corporation had a great reputation in Orange County because it had the support of the Huttons. It was famous, and the companies of the families of all sizes in Orange County dared not offend it and instead vied to cooperate with it. As the general manager of the Stardust Corporation, someone who held authority in the upper-class circle of Orange County, how could there be someone who had higher authority than him?

Who exactly is that person? How did the Carters offend such a person?

Charlotte was full of doubts as she headed downstairs to tell Cheyenne about the news. “Cheyenne, I just asked Mr. Davis. He said that we didn’t offend him but someone whom even he doesn’t dare to offend.”

She didn’t doubt the truth of Davis’s words.

When Cheyenne heard her words, her face turned pale. Someone even more authoritative than Mr. Davis...

Cheyenne was in despair. Her motivation to stand there vanished, and her knees grew weak, causing her to almost fall onto the ground. “Is... the Brilliance Corporation going to be ruined just like that?”

“Cheyenne!” Charlotte hurriedly held her and exclaimed worriedly, “Don’t force yourself anymore. You’ve already tried your best!”

At this moment, Cheyenne’s phone began ringing.

Cheyenne calmed herself down before picking up. “Hello?”

Bryce asked in a hostile tone, “Cheyenne Carter, the two days are up. Have you settled the issue with the Stardust Corporation yet?”

Cheyenne’s lips twitched, and she was at a loss for words.

Bryce immediately knew that the matter was not resolved yet and said haughtily, “Hey, you’re incapable, so don’t blame me for being merciless! Just wait to be thrown out together with your family!”

He hung up.

Charlotte and Cheyenne looked at each other, both having an ominous premonition.

“Charlotte, let’s hurry home! We don’t know what Bryce might get up to!”

“Yes!” Charlotte nodded and hurriedly pulled Cheyenne into the metallic red Lamborghini. As she sped through the streets to the Carter residence, the sports car roared like a swift bolt of lightning.

Lucas, who was standing on the top floor of the Stardust Corporation office tower, also sensed that something was amiss when he saw how troubled the two of them looked before leaving. Did something happen?

He headed downstairs and followed them.

At this moment, Karen was sitting in the living room of the Carter residence and watching TV. All of a sudden, there was a loud bang from outside, giving her a great shock.

“Who’s there?!” Karen walked out of the house in displeasure, only to see a bunch of people standing in front of the courtyard. The fence of their residence had also been pushed away, forming a gap in the ground!

“Which bastard did this?! Are you blind? Didn’t you see the fence here? I’m telling you, if you don’t compensate...”

Karen flew into a rage and cursed in a high-pitched voice with her hands on her waist. She suddenly saw Bryce walking out from behind the crowd while staring at her with a smug expression on his face.

Karen realized that this group of people at the entrance of the courtyard seemed to be the security officers of the Brilliance Corporation, and Bryce had led them here.

“Bryce... what’s going on? Why are they...” Karen spluttered as pangs of panic engulfed her.

Hearing the commotion and sensing that something was wrong, William hurriedly came out of the residence too. “Bryce, what’s going on?”

“Hah, what’s going on? Don’t you know yourselves? Two days ago, Grandpa said that if Cheyenne Carter couldn’t resolve the contract issues with the Stardust Corporation, he would throw all of you out and disown you! Now, time is up. What do you think is going on?”

Karen and William immediately panicked.

They had heard about this matter before but didn’t pay much attention to it because they knew that it was Cheyenne who had clinched the contract between the Brilliance Corporation and the Stardust Corporation. They reckoned that it should have been a simple task for her to clarify the misunderstanding and convince the general manager of the Stardust Corporation to cooperate with the Brilliance Corporation again.

They never expected that Cheyenne would fail to resolve it and that Bryce would be so merciless that he would bring his men over to chase them away!

“Throw them out together with all their belongings!” Bryce waved his hand and ordered his subordinates.

“Stop!” William hollered loudly in anger. He looked at Bryce. “Bryce, I’m your uncle. Aren’t you going to take that into account at all?”

“Hmph, you’re just a bastard that Grandma brought into the family. How are you considered my uncle? Back then, Grandpa only allowed you to take on the Carter last name because of Grandma. You took advantage of the Carters and lived in the lap of luxury for a long time. Have you forgotten who you are? People like you and your family should have long been thrown out!” Bryce retorted harshly with derision.

The word ‘bastard’ made William turn beet red, and Bryce’s remarks made him furious, but he was at a loss for a rebuttal.

“Throw them out!”

Hearing Bryce’s command, the security officers dared not be negligent, and they smashed everything they could. While struggling and yelling, Karen and William were dragged away. A huge commotion broke out in the small courtyard.

Cheyenne and Charlotte hurried into their residence, only to be greeted with the chaos.

“All of you, stop!”





Chapter 31: Throwing His Weight Around




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After shouting, Cheyenne hastened over and was instantly furious when she saw her parents struggling and being pulled away by the security officers. She hurriedly stepped forward to stop them. “Let go! Stop struggling. I have something to say.”

The few security officers naturally knew Cheyenne, but they ignored her. Instead of letting go as they were told, they looked at Bryce to seek his opinion.

“Cheyenne Carter.” He stared at Cheyenne smugly. “I’ve said long ago that I would definitely kick you and your family of leeches out.”

He stared at Cheyenne’s face in a bid to find some traces of pleading, regret, and agony.

However, Cheyenne simply stared at him coldly and asked mercilessly, “Are you a dimwit?”

“What did you say?!” Bryce barked furiously!

Looking at Bryce straight in the eye, she said clearly, “Are you a dimwit?

“The fact that I can’t convince the Stardust Corporation to withdraw its decision to sue the Brilliance Corporation means that the Brilliance Corporation will have to compensate it a large sum of money. And the Brilliance Corporation might just go bankrupt as a result. Instead of rushing to deal with this urgent matter, you came to my house to throw your weight around. Don’t you think you’re a dimwit?”

“You!” Bryce was immediately shocked speechless. Besides, he was indeed preoccupied with thinking about how Cheyenne and her family would be kicked out as long as she couldn’t fulfill his grandpa’s demands. However, he didn’t realize until now that Cheyenne’s failure would also mean that the Carters were about to lose a lot of money!

Bryce’s face turned pale, and his hand began to tremble.

If the Brilliance Corporation went bankrupt two days after he took over, Bryce would become the laughing stock of the entire Orange County!

“Indeed, you’re brainless,” Charlotte mocked.

“Shut up!” Bryce roared in annoyance and glared at Charlotte. But he suddenly discovered a stylish and luxurious silvery-red Lamborghini parked outside.

Moreover, it was a limited edition one!

It was a sports car worth several million!

Bryce glared at them with his eyes wide open. “How dare you people use the Carters’ money to buy such an expensive sports car? I have never bought such an expensive car in my life before!”

At this moment, Bryce was infuriated, as he didn’t expect that Cheyenne’s family would secretly steal so much from the Carters despite looking ordinary and living in an old, shabby house.

Angered by his words, Charlotte barked, “Bullshit! The Sawyers gave this car to me as a betrothal gift. It has nothing to do with the Carters!”

Sawyers? Betrothal gift? Bryce immediately thought of something.

A few days ago, it seemed that someone had indeed told him that the chief butler of the Sawyers, the richest family in Orange County, had made a trip to Cheyenne’s home with a box of money and title deeds and a car because Ethan Sawyer’s son wanted to marry Charlotte.

However, he didn’t believe it at all at that time.

Ethan Sawyer’s family was the wealthiest family in Orange County, and their wealth was dozens of times that of Carters. Besides, Charlotte Carter was just the daughter of a bastard and wasn’t as pretty as her sister, Cheyenne. What did the Sawyers see in her?

Thus, he had been extremely disdainful at the time and didn’t believe it at all. He even told that person that even if those items were sent to William Carter’s home, the sender must have made a mistake.

However, the flashy and ostentatious Lamborghini right in front of their home. This was enough to prove that it was true that Ethan Sawyer indeed planned to let his son marry Charlotte Carter, and they even gave her family hefty betrothal gifts!

However, the most important thing now was to get rid of Cheyenne’s family without letting them take away a single cent or the betrothal gifts from the Sawyers!

With a menacing gaze, Bryce ordered the security officers, “Ignore them. Drive the people in there out, and make sure they don’t take anything!”

“How dare you!” Karen shrieked and started shoving the security officers holding her back in a bid to rush back into the house. He must be kidding. My lifelong savings and the large chest of betrothal gifts worth at least ten million dollars are all placed underneath my bed. How can I let that scoundrel Bryce take them away?!

Unfortunately, Karen was only an ordinary middle-aged woman, no matter how feisty she might be. She couldn’t break free from the security officers’ restraint at all.

“Let go of my mother!” Seeing this, Cheyenne and Charlotte hurriedly rushed up to help, but the two of them were just weak women and couldn’t compete with several strong security officers.

Seeing the struggling trio who were furious but rendered immobile, Bryce guffawed loudly.

He went over to them, reached out to grab a tuft of Cheyenne’s hair, and then tugged hard. “Cheyenne Carter, get lost with your shameless family! I’m telling you, I won’t give the Brilliance Corporation to you even if it gets ruined in my hands. Don’t even think about it for the rest of your life!”

Cheyenne glared at Bryce with bloodshot eyes full of fury.

“Hahaha, you’re angry, huh? But what can you do to me?” While laughing, Bryce yanked her hair again haughtily.

“Let go of my sister!” Charlotte was panic-stricken. She tried to move Bryce’s hand away forcefully but to no avail.

“Let go!” Suddenly, a figure leaped over and clamped down on Bryce’s hand as quick as lightning.

“Lucas!” Cheyenne and Charlotte were on the verge of tears when they finally saw Lucas clearly, especially Charlotte, who had witnessed Lucas’s combat skills before. When she saw him, she felt as though she had seen her savior.

Bryce was shocked to have his wrist grabbed, but by the time he saw Lucas clearly, he immediately said derisively in disdain, “What can you do to me? You’re just garbage. Damn it. Let go of me or else...”

Before he could finish, he felt a sharp and excruciating pain in his wrist, accompanied by a loud snap. The pain almost made him pass out!

“Ah! My wrist!” Bryce shrieked at the top of his lungs like an animal getting slaughtered.

Lucas lifted Bryce up by his collar and casually flung him away. Just like that, Bryce, who weighed about eighty kilograms, was thrown out of the courtyard of Cheyenne’s home.

When he landed, Bryce howled in pain again.

Everyone was stunned!

The security officers were dumbfounded, and no one remembered to tend to Bryce.

In their opinion, it definitely took an extraordinary person to lift someone of Bryce’s weight up and effortlessly fling him away like a piece of garbage!





Chapter 32: Forced By Kinship




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Cheyenne looked at Lucas in great disbelief.

It was the first time she saw Lucas’s impressive combat abilities and the first time he came to help her when she was being bullied. All of a sudden, Cheyenne looked at Lucas with a complicated gaze.

The security officers looked at each other in dismay, at a loss for what to do. Logically speaking, they ought to follow Bryce’s orders and throw Cheyenne’s family out. But now, Bryce was thrown out like a dead pig, and they were fearful of Lucas, who looked like someone not to be trifled with.

“Get lost!” Lucas roared.

All the security officers’ hearts palpitated, and they scurried away anxiously.

Bryce was helped up. His other hand was holding his broken wrist, and his head was covered in cold sweat. With a sinister gaze, he threatened, “I won’t let you off! Just you wait!”

They drove away in their cars.

Karen’s hair and clothes were in a mess after being yanked around during the chaotic struggle just now. She randomly combed her hair with her fingers. And ignoring her daughters, who had been mistreated, she immediately dashed over to Lucas.

“Who told you to hit Bryce? He’s Dominic Carter’s precious grandson. If you hit him, Dominic Carter isn’t going to let us off. You good-for-nothing, all you do is cause trouble everywhere! If it wasn’t for you, we wouldn’t have been kicked out by the Carters! It’s all your fault, you jinx! Get lost!” Karen reached out and was about to slap Lucas.

“Mother!” Charlotte hurriedly stopped her. “Why didn’t you rush out like this when Bryce grabbed Cheyenne by the hair and bullied her? If Lucas hadn’t come and chased Bryce away, Cheyenne would have been bullied badly!”

“Do you think your grandfather will let us off after he beat Bryce up?” Karen questioned.

“All you do is worry about being blamed by Grandpa. Will Grandpa let us off just because Lucas doesn’t hit Bryce?” Angered by Karen’s words, Charlotte flew into a rage. “Before he came, we were already getting bullied! Do you want us to kneel down in front of Bryce and beg him for forgiveness so that Grandpa won’t blame us?!”

“What does a girl like you know? Bryce and your grandfather are not to be provoked. Otherwise, our family will be kicked out!”

“If we get kicked out, so be it! Who wants to stay with the Carters and get bullied every day?! Anyway, Cheyenne and I can work to earn money to provide for you guys!” Charlotte was extremely disgusted with Bryce and the others.

Cheyenne’s eyes were full of fatigue, and she was extremely exhausted, so she couldn’t help but sway unsteadily.

Lucas rushed forward to hold her.

Cheyenne looked at Lucas with a vulnerable gaze. “I’m so tired. Can I trust you with what you said previously?”

Lucas nodded and said with a gentle yet sharp gaze, “Yes. I said that I won’t let anyone bully you again in the future. As long as you want something, I’ll get it for you.”

Cheyenne closed her eyes, and tears began to roll down her cheeks.

Looking at her tears, Lucas felt heartache. When he thought about how the Carters were bullying her, his expression turned cold.

“Wait for me.” Lucas looked deeply at Cheyenne and then turned around to leave.

After ‘lecturing’ Charlotte, Karen saw Lucas walking out in the blink of an eye, and she couldn’t help but curse. “Do you see that? He’s the first one to run away after he got us into trouble because he knows that we’ve offended your grandfather and the others! But you still believe him. You guys are foolish!

“We were doing fine before, and Cheyenne was just about to discuss marriage with Seth when he suddenly came and caused such a huge mess! Now that we’re going to be chased away and he’s not going to get any benefits anymore, he immediately decided to flee! How can anyone be so shameless? Previously, he went missing for six years. How long is he going to go missing for this time?

“Cheyenne, take a careful look at this person. Divorce him and marry a better man!”

Karen’s words were like daggers stabbing into Cheyenne’s heart. Can I still trust him? He made promises, but will he really come back again?

Bang!

Thunder rumbled deafeningly in the sky full of gloomy clouds. In the blink of an eye, it began raining heavily.

The Carters were in low spirits.

“Cheyenne, go and beg your grandfather! Beg him to withdraw his order and not chase us away! If we really get kicked out, how can we secure a foothold in Orange County?” Karen tugged Cheyenne’s arm.

Extremely anxious, Charlotte exclaimed, “Mom! How can you force my sister like this?”

“Cheyenne, your father and I are not very capable, and we’ve been relying on the Carters’ dividends to get by. I’m already old. If we really get chased out now, it’s going to be humiliating. Cheyenne, go and beg your grandfather,” William said to Cheyenne after staying silent for a long time.

“Dad! Why are you acting like this too?! Your pride matters, but so does Cheyenne’s!” Charlotte looked at her father in shock and disappointment.

Cheyenne was extremely upset. She bit her lip hard and stared at her parents. “Fine, I’ll listen to you and go beg them!”

Her eyes turned red, and she got up to dash into the rain, her tears mixing with the raindrops on her face.

“Cheyenne!” Charlotte panicked and was about to dash out, but Karen stopped her.

“Why are you so insensible?!” Karen roared at Charlotte.

Charlotte watched as her thin and weak sister vanished into the rain.

“You guys are too much!” Charlotte hollered at her parents furiously with a look of disappointment. She was so angry that she was about to cry.

——

Outside the gates of the Carter residence...

“Mr. Carter, are we really not going to let her in? It’s raining so heavily out there...” asked the servant taking pity on the thin and disheveled Cheyenne kneeling outside the iron gates and swaying unsteadily.

“Hmph, she deserves it!” Bryce was sitting in a luxurious and warm hall, appreciating the pathetic state that Cheyenne was in outside the glass window. There was a white bandage around his wrist that was still hurting. Whenever he felt pain in his arm, he would grow even more resentful, and he would feel some joy from staring at the woman kneeling outside.

This is the consequence you have to bear for hitting me! Even though Cheyenne was kneeling outside, he was glad about it!

Upstairs, Dominic Carter was also staring at the figure outside with a straight face, not revealing any emotions at all.





Chapter 33: Take Her Away




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The other Carters at the side were staring gloatingly at Cheyenne kneeling outside, as if she was the greatest joke.

“Hah, so what if Cheyenne Carter was a successful career woman who used to be a CEO? She still has to kneel outside our door like a dog and beg us to take her in now, doesn’t she?”

“She still delusionally thought that she could negotiate with Grandpa and snatch the Brilliance Corporation away. She can dream on!”

“She and her family are outright shameless. They’re clearly outsiders, but they’re so thick-skinned!”

“Of course she’d be in trouble for offending Dominic and Bryce. She’s begging for mercy only because she’s getting kicked out now. She deserves it!”

“Well, it’s pointless. They should have been chased out long ago!”

...

Soon, someone went out with an umbrella and threw a few pieces of paper in front of Cheyenne. She subconsciously tried to grab them, but they were soon blown into a puddle by the wind. As the papers got wet and clumpy, the ink on them quickly faded away.

Staring at Cheyenne expressionlessly, the old butler working for the Carters said, “These are the official papers of disownment. The names of your family members and you have been removed from the Carter family records, and the Carters will announce this soon. You no longer belong to the family, and all your properties, bonuses, and rights to dividends will be deprived.”

A bolt of lightning flashed, reflecting on Cheyenne’s pale face.

Grandpa is really disowning us!

“Why? What exactly did we do wrong for you to do this to us?! Haven’t I done enough for the Carters all these years?” Cheyenne slumped onto the ground and started bawling out loud when she looked at the pieces of paper that had already been mushed up because of the rain.

“This is the decision that Mr. Carter Senior and the other Carters have reached. This gate also belongs to the Carters. If you want to kneel, stay farther away!” the butler said coldly.

As soon as he finished speaking, the butler sensed a terrifying aura land on his body, followed by a tight slap on his face.

“Who are you? How dare you speak to her that way?” Lucas appeared beside Cheyenne, and he had a murderous gaze as he glared daggers at the butler.

If not for the fact that the butler was on in his years, Lucas would have given him more than just a slap.

The butler covered his face in shock and fury. No one had ever dared to hit him on the territory of the Carters. He wanted to call security over. But when his eyes met Lucas’s murderous gaze, he was frightened to the point of choking on his words.

He was certain that if he dared to make a single sound, Lucas would kill him!

Lucas lowered his head and looked at Cheyenne, who was kneeling on the ground, her hair and clothes drenched to the extent that she looked extremely miserable.

She was his woman, and yet she was being abused like this!

Anger brewed in Lucas’s eyes as he glared at the butler before shifting his gaze to the Carter residence behind the metal gates. His icy gaze seemed to be able to penetrate through the rain and glass, casting onto the Carters behind it, including Bryce and Dominic.

“One day, you Carters will regret your decision today and pay the price for it!”

Lucas took off his jacket, wrapped it around the drenched Cheyenne, picked her up in his arms, and then disappeared into the rain.

Shortly after Lucas left, Dominic received a phone call in the room.

The person calling was extremely flustered, and his speech was incoherent. “Chairman, bad news! The Stardust Corporation sent its lawyer and legal team to the Brilliance Corporation to sue us for breach of contract. It has also issued us a lawyer’s letter that states that we have to compensate according to the amount demanded, or it will go through legal procedures to enforce compensation!”

“What?!” Dominic Carter sprung up immediately, turning pale with horror as he dropped the phone onto the carpet.

“Grandpa, what do we do?!” asked Bryce, who had heard everything clearly at the side and was now overwhelmed with anxiety.

With a glum expression, Dominic exclaimed, “Call all the directors to come to the office immediately!”

Soon, a convoy of cars quickly drove out of the gates of the Carter residence and hurried to the Brilliance Corporation.

Dominic and the others hurried to the office too. As soon as they entered, they saw a few people waiting in the reception room on the first floor.

“Hello. It’s been hard on all of you to come here despite the heavy rain.” Dominic hurriedly reached his hand out.

However, the people of Stardust Corporation didn’t intend to be friendly. Instead, they simply took out the legal letter stamped with a bright red seal and handed it to Dominic formally in a businesslike manner.

“You must be clear about the situation now, so I shall cut straight to the chase. Please tell the Brilliance Corporation to prepare the compensation of seventy-seven million dollars within three days and credit it to our designated account.”

Dominic shuddered. He wouldn’t be able to raise seventy-seven million dollars even if he sold the entire Brilliance Corporation!

Bryce found it unacceptable too. “We just signed the contract two days ago. We haven’t even started doing anything yet, so how can there be a breach of contract? You people are bullying us on purpose!”

“Shut up!” Dominic immediately hollered to stop Bryce from continuing. They couldn’t offend the Stardust Corporation at this juncture!

Bryce fell silent angrily with an indignant look in his eyes.

“Hmph, do you think we’re bullying you? The reason for the breach of contract is stated clearly in the lawyer’s letter and the contract. Can’t you see for yourself? If you’re illiterate or too lazy to look at it, let our lawyer, Mr. Smith, read it to you and see if we’re bullying you or not.”

Mr. Smith held up the gold-rimmed glasses on his face and pulled out another legal letter and a copy of the contract from his briefcase. He then said politely but distantly to Dominic, “Please listen carefully. Section 36 of this contract stipulates that Party A, the Stardust Corporation, and Party B, the Brilliance Corporation, have reached a consensus to cooperate. During the contract period, Party B must designate Cheyenne Carter as the sole person in charge of the cooperation. If Party B is found to be in breach of cooperation, the contract will immediately become void, and Party B must compensate Party A for the breach of contract with the agreed amount of seventy-seven million dollars.”

Mr. Smith put away the contract and looked at the two of them, who were pale. “Have you heard clearly? Do you need me to repeat?”

Bryce still couldn’t believe it, and he repeatedly instructed someone to retrieve the contract kept in the Brilliance Corporation’s office. Then he turned to the last page and realized that there was indeed such a clause in the contract, which Dominic Carter had signed and sealed.

He confirmed that there was no error, and it was indeed stated so in the contract! The Carters were really in breach of contract!

Bryce fell onto the ground immediately.

Dominic’s knees grew weak. His face turned pale, and he immediately looked like he had aged a lot.

Who would have thought that there would be a clause in the contract that designated Cheyenne Carter as the sole person in charge of the cooperation?!





Chapter 34: How to Compensate?




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The head of the group, Mr. Harris, looked at the two of them with disdain.

Over the past two days, the Brilliance Corporation had been troubled over the matter of being sued by the Stardust Corporation. Cheyenne Carter had been staying outside the Stardust Corporation’s office every day in a bid to see Flynn Davis. On the other hand, none of the men of the Carter family showed up.

Since it was stated in the contract that Cheyenne was to be the person in charge, the Carters had to comply and make her the person in charge. However, Harris knew that the Carters immediately appointed Bryce as the general manager of the Brilliance Corporation on the same morning that they signed the contract. On the other hand, Cheyenne left with red and swollen eyes.

He felt that the Carters had no one to blame but themselves for the breach of contract because they had brought it upon themselves.

“Since we have delivered the legal letter, it’s time for us to leave now.”

Harris sorted out the documents and was about to leave when Dominic suddenly grabbed his arm.

“Wait, Mr. Harris! I think this is all a misunderstanding, a misunderstanding! I know Mr. Davis must have taken a liking to Cheyenne Carter. It’s alright. I’ll send her over to Mr. Davis immediately. It doesn’t matter what status she’s given. We don’t care about superficial statuses. As long as Mr. Davis is willing to withdraw this legal letter on account of our sincerity and continue to cooperate with the Carters...”

“F***!” Harris immediately cursed, shocked by his shamelessness.

Would an ordinary person give away his granddaughter like she was cargo without any qualms? How could a grandfather say such a thing?

Besides, Cheyenne Carter was not someone whom ordinary people could covet because she was the wife of a big shot. If Mr. Davis heard Dominic’s words, he would definitely be frightened.

Harris interrupted Dominic’s delusion and said sternly, “You’d better not spout nonsense or do anything funny in private. Otherwise, neither I nor Mr. Davis can save you.”

What does this mean? Even Mr. Davis can’t save us... Is there someone more powerful than Mr. Davis? Could it be that someone more authoritative has taken a liking to Cheyenne?

With a trace of contempt in his eyes, Harris looked at Dominic, who seemed to be lost in thought.

Harris coughed and said, “Of course, as far as I know, the Brilliance Corporation may not be able to afford such a high amount of compensation, so I shall offer you a solution out of goodwill. It’s up to you to consider and decide.”

“Mr. Harris, please tell us!” Dominic hurriedly said.

Harris cut straight to the chase. “You can use the Brilliance Corporation as a form of compensation and top up another three million dollars.”

“What? We have to hand over the Brilliance Corporation and an additional three million dollars?” Bryce instantly sprung up furiously.

“Shut up!” Dominic stopped Bryce.

Harris ignored him and said with a smile, “Alternatively, you may choose to pay the compensation of seventy-seven million dollars.”

Bryce and Dominic Carter looked rather agitated.

Under the Carters’ management, the development of the Brilliance Corporation had been substandard and would perhaps have been worse if Cheyenne hadn’t closed some deals every now and then. The Brilliance Corporation was currently valued at less than fifteen million dollars.

Compared to the compensation of seventy-seven million dollars, handing over the Brilliance Corporation and another three million to the Stardust Corporation was definitely much more acceptable.

However, the frustration... made Bryce and Dominic feel like vomiting blood.

They were in high spirits after gleefully signing the contract, but they ended up with no profits and even had to lose their company and three million dollars. How could they not be upset?

However, none of them expected Cheyenne to be the designated person-in-charge as required by the contract.

This made Dominic get the wrong idea.

“Um... Mr. Harris, if we call Cheyenne to come back and appoint her as the person in charge, will we no longer be in breach of contract?” Dominic asked.

When Bryce heard those words, his expression changed. Does Grandpa plan to hand over the Brilliance Corporation to Cheyenne? How can he do that?

However, after he thought about it, he realized that compared to losing the entire Brilliance Corporation, letting Cheyenne take over the company for the time being was still acceptable. We’ll let her manage it for the time being and then take it back from her in the future!

However, to everyone’s surprise, Harris sneered. “Mr. Carter, you must be joking. You have already breached the contract. It’d be useless even if you let Miss Cheyenne Carter come back to be in charge. For example, if you’ve stabbed someone with a knife, do you think pulling the knife out is going to help?”

Dominic was immediately speechless.

He wanted to explain that the two matters were completely different because the Carters’ action did not harm the Stardust Corporation in any way.

If Mr. Davis and the figure of greater authority insisted that Cheyenne Carter be the person in charge, he could just comply!

However, Harris didn’t even bother to give Dominic another chance to speak and said directly, “Of course, I’m just relaying our general manager’s kind suggestion to you. Forget it if you’re not willing to accept. After all, the Brilliance Corporation’s management has always been mediocre. The Stardust Corporation is not bent on wanting it.”

When Harris looked like he was about to leave, Dominic hurriedly stopped him. “As long as we give you the Brilliance Corporation and three million dollars, the compensation will be considered paid. Is that so?”

“Yes, Mr. Carter. If you’re still worried, we can issue a written agreement to state it in detail.” Harris pointed at the lawyer next to him.

Dominic gritted his teeth and agreed. “Okay, we agree!”

Soon, both parties signed all the agreements and transfer procedures in the presence of lawyers and a notary.

The Brilliance Corporation officially separated from the Carters.

Bryce felt the pain tremendously. Although they had initially snatched the Brilliance Corporation away from Cheyenne, they had long considered it as their own. Moreover, the large sum of three million dollars was a dent in their bank account.

Dominic felt the same too. But he nonetheless forced himself to smile as he thanked the people of the Stardust Corporation and walked them out.

Well, it couldn’t be helped since the Stardust Corporation was backed by the powerful Hutton family. Although the Carters felt like they had been cheated, they dared not voice their displeasure.

Besides, it was their fault for failing to read the contract clearly!

Ah, who else can we blame?

Gritting his teeth, Bryce exclaimed, “It’s all Cheyenne Carter’s fault! Grandpa, let’s chase them out immediately! I can’t wait any longer!”





Chapter 35: When She Was Sick




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Meanwhile, Lucas held Cheyenne, who was drenched in the heavy rain, in his arms along the way back to the Carters’ old residence, where Cheyenne lived.

As soon as the gates were pushed open, Cheyenne’s parents, who had been waiting for news about her, popped up in front of the courtyard.

“How did it go? Did Dominic agree?” This was what they were most eager about. They wanted to see if Dominic Carter would ease up and let them off the hook.

Lucas frowned.

As soon as the couple saw Lucas entering with Cheyenne in his arms, they were shocked and flustered.

“Cheyenne? What’s the matter with you, Cheyenne?” Karen immediately grabbed Lucas’s arm and shouted sternly, “Tell me! Scoundrel, did you do something to Cheyenne again?!”

“Mother...” Cheyenne opened her eyes feebly and called out.

Noticing that there was something wrong with Cheyenne’s complexion because the area below her cheekbones was flushed, Lucas immediately thought, Oh no. He then carried her into the house.

“Stop! I haven’t let you in yet! I’m asking you a question!” Karen stopped Lucas unrelentingly.

“You’re her mother, so can’t you see she’s sick?” Lucas’s tone was already extremely distant as he stared at Karen coldly. He then bypassed her, walked up the stairs, and carried Cheyenne to her room.

Charlotte scurried over upon hearing them, and she got a great shock when she saw Cheyenne’s appearance. “Cheyenne, what happened to you?! You were fine just now. How did you get so drenched?”

“Didn’t your father tell you to go beg your grandfather? How did you end up like this? Did Dominic agree?” Karen muttered as she followed them into the room.

“What?! You guys told Cheyenne to go beg Grandpa? Why didn’t you two go yourselves? It’s still pouring so heavily outside! Cheyenne must have fallen ill because she got drenched in the rain!” Charlotte was exasperated.

“What are you saying? She’s the one who made him angry and the reason he’s chasing us out. Of course, she has to go plead with him. There’s no point in us going,” Karen said righteously, only to make Charlotte even more furious.

“Enough!” Lucas interrupted them in annoyance. “The most important thing now is to give Cheyenne a hot bath and a change of clothes. I’ll call a doctor to come over.”

He stood up and looked down at the two women across the room, making them feel oppressed by his staggering height. “She’s sick now, so I hope you won’t bother her with these things again.”

With that, Lucas walked out of the room.

Karen was dumbfounded for several seconds before finally reacting. This good-for-nothing actually gave me orders in my own home. He was even acting so domineeringly just now. She even subconsciously felt a little reverent toward him.

“This is infuriating! Who does that good-for-nothing think he is? How dare he talk to me like that?!” Karen was incredibly displeased.

“Okay, Mom, if you can’t take care of Cheyenne, just go out first. Stop bothering her with any more nonsense,” Charlotte said to Karen in annoyance as she helped Cheyenne up, who was running a high fever. “Cheyenne, can you still walk? I’ll help you to the bathroom now.”

Soon, Lucas came back with a bespectacled doctor clad in a white coat.

Staring at Lucas and the doctor with a look of apprehension, Karen gibed, “Where did this doctor come from? Is he a random doctor you found? If you end up causing harm to Cheyenne, I won’t spare you.”

Being doubted for no reason, the doctor glared at Karen scornfully. “Excuse me, I’m Finn Johnson, the director of the respiratory department of First People’s Hospital of Orange County. If you’re in doubt, you may go to the hospital to check. Please move aside now and refrain from disturbing me while I give the patient a diagnosis.”

“Director? You must be bragging! First People’s Hospital is a first-class hospital, and the doctors working there never conduct consultations outside of the hospital, what more the directors.” Karen was in greater suspicion, and she refused to let them in.

Charlotte pulled Karen aside angrily and protested, “Mom, he’s here to treat Cheyenne. Must you keep acting like this? If you have the time, you might as well go brew a bowl of ginger soup for Cheyenne or bring a warm water bag here!”

Actually, Charlotte was really annoyed with her insensitive parents.

They had forced Cheyenne to go out in the rain to apologize, causing her to end up suffering large bruises on her knees, which Charlotte noticed when she was helping her change just now. Her skin turned pale too, and she had clearly been kneeling in the rain for a long time.

Needless to say, she was kneeling because of their heartless grandfather, who controlled the entire family!

Charlotte was exasperated yet sad for her sister.

Yet her parents didn’t seem to care about the fact that Cheyenne was running a high fever and had gotten her legs bruised from kneeling. They even kept probing about nonsensical issues. Now, they were even stopping the doctor and suspecting if he was a phony. This left her speechless!

If not for the fact that they were her parents, Charlotte would have lost her temper.

Feeling a little guilty because of Charlotte’s angry glare, Karen made her way downstairs in displeasure while still muttering incessantly, “All of you became disobedient after growing up. How dare you be so fierce to me too? You’re a bunch of ingrates.”

Fortunately, Cheyenne’s fever wasn’t too severe, and it basically subsided after she took some medicine and was put on a drip.

By the time Cheyenne opened her eyes again, she saw two pairs of eyes staring at her beside the bed.

“Mommy, you’re finally awake!” Amelia leaped over and kissed Cheyenne on the cheek. “Mommy, you’ve been sleeping because you’re sick. I tried to wake you up, but Daddy said I shouldn’t disturb you from resting. I was so worried!” Amelia laid down beside Cheyenne gleefully while carefully trying not to squeeze her.

Cheyenne gently stroked her daughter’s head and looked at the other person beside the bed, only to realize that it was Lucas. He was sitting on the carpet and looking at her with a tender gaze, his hair and clothes still damp.

At this moment, Cheyenne felt extremely touched as she looked at Lucas.

At that time, she was kneeling in front of the cold iron gates of the Carter residence while everyone looked at her gloatingly through the glass windows like she was a joke. The only person who came out was the old butler, who had given her the proof of her family being disowned and told her to stay farther away.

Her dignity and body were greatly tortured. Cheyenne thought that she wasn’t going to be able to hold on any longer.

At that juncture, someone wrapped a warm jacket around her and put his sturdy arms on her shoulders while taking her away from that overbearing place.

This person was Lucas.

Lucas was the one.

Cheyenne looked at Lucas very seriously, and for the first time, she felt that he was reliable and even gave her a sense of security.





Chapter 36: Auction Venue




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Chairman, we’ve already obtained ownership of the Brilliance Corporation,” Flynn Davis reported respectfully over the phone.

Lucas assented nonchalantly, not bothered by it because it was within his plan.

“Let me ask you, where can I buy a diamond ring and good quality jewelry in Orange County?” he suddenly asked.

“Uh... There are many gold stores that you can buy jewelry from, but there’s going to be an auction in the Central Art Gallery in the east of the city tonight. I heard that lots of precious jewelry are going to be put up for auction, and the finale piece is an extremely rare diamond ring,” Davis hurriedly answered.

“Okay, I know.”

Tonight, Lucas arrived at the entrance of the Central Art Gallery. After he took two steps, a middle-aged man hurried toward him.

“Welcome, Mr. Gray,” the middle-aged man said warmly with a smile.

Lucas raised his brows and looked at the middle-aged man. He was Ethan Sawyer, the richest man in Orange County.

Although Lucas had a feud with the Huttons, Ethan Sawyer was very interesting, and he greeted Lucas in a friendly manner right from the start. He even gave Cheyenne’s family a large amount of expensive betrothal gifts on Lucas’s behalf.

However, the Carters mistook that the gifts were for Charlotte, and many other misunderstandings arose.

“Mr. Gray, my family happens to be the host of the auction tonight. I’ll take you inside. If we use this passage, no one will notice us.”

Sawyer was smart enough to take Lucas through a secret passage to the private room on the second floor of the auction venue because he knew that Lucas wasn’t willing to reveal his identity.

The private room was well hidden and offered a good view that would allow the auction items to be seen clearly.

Sawyer handed Lucas an exquisite booklet. “Mr. Gray, this is the catalog of items that will be up for auction tonight. Actually, if you see anything that you like, we’ll just deliver them to you.”

Lucas glanced at Sawyer with a half-hearted smile. “Do you think I’m short of money?”

Sawyer froze.

He was too eager to form friendly ties with Lucas, but he forgot that Lucas was known as the ‘God of War’ and had power and wealth far beyond his own.

“I won’t bother you then. I hope you enjoy your night. Call me if you need anything. I’ll be in the private room right next to this one.” Sawyer excused himself tactfully.

Soon, the auction officially started.

Lucas did not stand on ceremony and bid on any item that he liked at a high price. Those who wanted to vie with him were defeated by Lucas’s wealth and generosity. Even the last few pieces of extremely valuable jewelry and the large pink diamond ring, the finale piece, were bought by Lucas at a staggering price.

Even Ethan Sawyer, the richest man in Orange County, sitting in the private room beside Lucas’s, couldn’t help but inhale in awe, let alone the others who participated in this auction.

Everyone was discussing who the tycoon who had spent tens of millions of dollars at the auction was. Unfortunately, Sawyer had already taken care of everything, so no one could find out the real identity of this mysterious tycoon.

Although they didn’t know the identity of the tycoon, that didn’t stop them from spreading the word about the sensational event at the auction tonight.

Soon, some wealthy families found out that a megarich tycoon appeared at the auction tonight and spent tens of millions of dollars in the blink of an eye.

He’s so wealthy! The rich have the right to do whatever they want. He spent so much on jewelry. I’m so envious!

At this moment, Lucas was giving Davis a task. “Help me throw a banquet in your name five days from now. Invite all the families in Orange County that are well-to-do. Make sure the guests are served well and raise the standards of hospitality to the maximum. Remember to invite the Carters too.”

Davis hurriedly noted it down. “Yes, Chairman!”

During the next few days, Davis was busy with running the Stardust Corporation and preparing for the banquet, while Lucas concentrated on looking after Cheyenne, who had not recovered from her illness yet. He also spent time nurturing his relationship with his precious daughter, Amelia. Apart from Karen’s occasional mockery, life was rather peaceful.

Bryce, who had been clamoring about kicking Cheyenne out immediately, was overwrought with the matters that cropped up all of a sudden and didn’t have time to go to Cheyenne’s home to chase her and her family away.

“Grandpa, the people of the Unity Corporation just called to say that they’re terminating their cooperation with us. They’re the tenth company that wants to terminate cooperation with us over the past few days. What should we do?” Bryce asked Dominic anxiously.

Since the Carters breached the contract with the Stardust Corporation a few days ago and compensated it with the Brilliance Corporation and three million dollars in cash, the Carters became the laughing stock of Orange County.

Their status had also plunged significantly, and to make matters worse, they had offended the Stardust Corporation. Thus, many of their former business partners decided to cease their cooperation with the Carters.

“This is exasperating. They’re all just a bunch of fence-sitters and cowards! The Unity Corporation used to be worse than the Carters, and they sucked up to us to obtain the cooperation with us, yet they’re dumping us now!” The more Bryce thought about it, the angrier he got. His friends had been treating him and looking at him differently lately. Some of them even gave him the cold shoulder and mocked him sarcastically. He would never be able to stand this!

“Enough. People will always look up to those who are more powerful and despise those who are below them. That’s just how the world is. What’s there to be angry about?” Dominic looked at Bryce and sighed. “The most important thing now is to restore our reputation and make up for the losses that we have incurred.”

“At the end of the day, it’s all the Stardust Corporation’s fault. If we can find a bigger backer than the Stardust Corporation...” At this point, Bryce’s eyes suddenly lit up. “Grandpa, I have an idea! Do you remember the mega tycoon at the auction a few days ago? I heard that he spent tens of millions at the auction, and someone vaguely saw Ethan Sawyer, the richest man in Orange County, accompanying him. He must be a figure of status! If we can form ties with him, our difficulties will definitely be solved!”

Dominic Carter nodded and smiled approvingly. “Yes, not bad! As long as we can get in touch with him, everything will be fine! Bryce, I’ll leave this matter to you. Make sure you find a way to get close to this person!”

“Yes, Grandpa. I’ll get someone to find out more. We must get him to stand on our side. Once we do, the Stardust Corporation will be nothing!”

Bryce stopped panicking and raised his head with vigor and confidence, as if he had already seen himself having the support of the powerful figure and was above everyone else in the Stardust Corporation.





Chapter 37: Banquet Invitation




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Bryce was about to go out when an assistant hurriedly ran over to him out of nowhere with a luxurious-looking red invitation card that had words embossed in gold on it.

“Chairman, quickly look at this!”

After Dominic grabbed it and took a careful look at the contents of the invitation card, there was a look of joy on his face. He exclaimed, “Heaven is really blessing the Carters! Bryce, come and take a look. This invitation card alone is embossed with gold. Clearly, the person who sent this invitation must be very wealthy! Although the sender is not stated, he must be extraordinary!”

“Grandpa, I think that this extremely costly high-class invitation was probably sent by the mysterious tycoon who spent tens of millions at the auction the other day! He also sent an invitation to the Carters. Clearly, he must have been paying attention to us and probably even has a good impression of us! Grandpa, we can be saved this time!”

Bryce was also overjoyed as he held the invitation card in hand and looked at it repeatedly, as if the opportunity for the Carters’ comeback was on it.

“Yes. On that day, you must perform well and strive to make this mysterious tycoon favor our family. Once he does, we no longer have to fear the Stardust Corporation!”

The Carters soon made their people spread the news that their family had received the invitation card, causing some families who were still thinking about severing ties with the Carters to hesitate. There were also some small families, who had not been able to wait to announce terminating their cooperation with the Carters, that hurriedly visited them in a bid to repair their relationship.

All of a sudden, Bryce and Dominic were much more confident.

Soon, it was about time for the banquet.

“I knew that wastrel wouldn’t be up to anything good. He only stayed at home for a few days, and now that I asked him to go fetch some water, he’s gone missing again!” Karen rebuked incessantly with an apron around her waist.

At this moment, a luxurious Bentley pulled over outside the Carter residence, and a chauffeur wearing a black suit and white gloves stepped out of the car.

“Um... who are you looking for?” Karen couldn’t help but be stunned when she saw the chauffeur’s demeanor.

“Hello. I’m the chauffeur sent by Mr. Sawyer to pick Miss Carter up for the banquet at the Intercontinental Hotel.” The chauffeur in the suit bowed respectfully.

Karen was a little stunned for a moment. But she immediately smiled gleefully when she thought of something. “You mean Mr. Ethan Sawyer? You’re here to pick us up for the banquet?”

“Yes, Madam.”

Karen was so elated that she didn’t know where to put her hands.

She knew that over the past two days, many families in Orange County had received a mysterious and posh-looking invitation card. The event the invitation card was for was set for tonight at the Intercontinental Hotel in Orange County.

Due to the fact that the invitation card itself was very posh and those who received an invitation were all members of the upper class of Orange County like the Carters, who showed the invitation off after receiving it, many families of slightly lower status than them hurriedly tried to suck up to the Carters again even though they were initially distant from them.

The power of an invitation card alone was tremendous.

Karen didn’t expect to be invited too. Furthermore, they were invited by Ethan Sawyer, the richest man in Orange County. Could it be that...? At the thought of that possibility, Karen was overwhelmed with euphoria.

Immediately after telling the dignified chauffeur to wait a moment, Karen turned around and dashed into the house and into Charlotte’s room.

“Charlotte, good news! The Sawyers have sent someone to pick us up to go to the banquet!”

Charlotte was playing a video game on her computer. When she heard this, she asked in surprise, “Banquet? What banquet?”

“Ah, this is the banquet that has been the talk of the town the past two days! This banquet must be held specially for you! It’s the engagement banquet for you and Ethan Sawyer’s son!”

Karen was so excited that she pulled Charlotte up from the computer desk and exclaimed, “Hurry up and get changed into some pretty clothes! Ah, why do the Sawyers love surprises so much? They should at least inform us in advance so that I can get you a few pretty gowns!”

Charlotte was shoved toward the closet by Karen while still being dumbfounded. “Mom, did you make a mistake? Why is there suddenly an engagement banquet? The Sawyers didn’t send anyone to discuss with us previously either.”

Karen pinched her daughter’s face. “Silly girl, the Sawyers have already sent their chauffeur to our door, and he’s waiting to send us there. Do you think I would be mistaken? The Sawyers are the richest in the county, and they’re just different. They just like giving us sudden surprises!”

With joy and shyness on her face, Charlotte began changing her clothes under Karen’s urging.

Although she didn’t know what Ethan Sawyer’s son was like, she knew that she’d only benefit from the engagement because he belonged to the richest family in the county. Besides, the Sawyers had even sent such hefty betrothal gifts to them. This was proof of their sincerity!

In another room, Cheyenne was watching some cartoons with Amelia.

“Mommy, where did Daddy go today? Why isn’t he here?” Amelia suddenly turned her head and asked.

Cheyenne was stunned. She reached out to tap her daughter’s upturned nose. “Haven’t you been spending time with your daddy the past two days? Why do you want to see him again even though he’s only been absent for a bit?”

“Yes! I love it when Daddy is at home with you and me. I like it when we’re all together! Just like in the cartoons! It’d be wonderful if I get to see him every day in the future too! Mommy, don’t you think so?” Amelia’s eyes glistened with joy as she looked at Cheyenne.

Cheyenne was at a loss for words.

Lucas had been staying at home to play with Amelia lately, and he would look at her with a gentle gaze in his eyes from time to time.

However, Cheyenne didn’t know how to face Lucas.

Every time she saw him, Cheyenne would be reminded of when he reached out to pick her up from the puddle of water on that cold rainy day, as well as his warm embrace.

While Cheyenne was in a trance, someone suddenly knocked hard on her door. “Cheyenne! The Sawyers sent someone to pick us up to attend the engagement banquet for Charlotte and Ethan Sawyer’s son! Hurry up and get dressed. We’re attending it together!”

Cheyenne was extremely surprised. The Sawyers hadn’t sent anyone to their home ever since they sent hefty gifts the previous time. Why was there a sudden engagement? They didn’t know what Ethan Sawyer’s son’s personality was like yet!





Chapter 38: Showing Off




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

No matter how surprised Cheyenne was, she hurriedly changed into a decent dress and helped Amelia do so too since the Sawyers’ chauffeur had already arrived downstairs, and Karen had been urging her to hurry up.

Soon, Cheyenne’s parents appeared next to the Bentley with their beautiful daughters and adorable granddaughter.

The chauffeur in the black suit was stunned for a moment. He then hurriedly gestured for the Carters to sit in the back seat of the elongated Bentley.

The Intercontinental Hotel was the most luxurious five-star hotel in Orange County. It was located by the lakeside of Bay Lake and was also right beside the most prosperous business district in Orange County. The hotel belonged to the Sawyers.

At this moment, the main building of the Intercontinental Hotel was fully reserved for the event. And all the prestigious people in the entire county who were invited arrived in luxurious cars, dressed to the nines.

It was the event for comparison between the upper-class echelons, where men would compare their cars, companies, and statuses with each other while women would compare their gowns, jewelry, and spouses.

There were all sorts of judgmental gazes and scrutiny, as well as contemptuous remarks made everywhere at the venue.

In front of the Intercontinental Hotel, Dominic was alighting from a BMW together with Bryce. Compared to the other luxurious cars around, their BMW seemed a little shabby.

At this moment, a Bentley happened to pull over beside them. The doors opened, and Karen stepped out of the luxurious car with a smile on her face.

“Why are you here?” Bryce saw Karen at a glance and rushed forward to question her sternly. They’ve already been kicked out by the Carters, yet they still have the audacity to show up here at this gathering for the upper-class figures of the county!

Karen no longer cared about Dominic Carter. Compared to the Sawyers, the Carters were nothing. Besides, the Carters had already declined greatly after losing the Brilliance Corporation.

“Hey, isn’t this Dominic Carter and his precious grandson? What’s the matter? Were you invited to this banquet too? Forget it. Just take it that we’re kind and gracious enough to let you in on account that we used to be family!” Karen said, pretending to be magnanimous. However, she had a haughty and condescending look on her face.

Infuriated by the look in Karen’s eyes, Bryce hit the roof. This woman used to be like a dog in front of Grandpa and me. How dare she speak to us like this now?!

“Who do you think you are? Let us in? How arrogant! The host of the banquet should be kicking you out first!”

“We are the spotlight of the banquet tonight. The Sawyers are going to announce Ethan Sawyer’s son’s engagement to Charlotte later. You people are just ignorant! Actually, I have to thank you for chasing us out. Otherwise, who can tolerate being pestered by some poor relatives?”

“You must be dreaming, huh? Engagement? How could the Sawyers have taken a liking to your family?” Dominic didn’t believe it at all.

However, Bryce’s heart dropped as he recalled the luxurious Lamborghini he saw at the entrance of Cheyenne’s home previously.

At that time, he was already convinced that they were engaged and was planning to confiscate the betrothal gifts sent by the Sawyers. However, he was interrupted when Lucas suddenly appeared. Next, there was chaos in the family, and Bryce forgot about it for a while. Are... Ethan Sawyer’s son and Charlotte Carter really getting engaged?

Karen loved showing off, especially in front of Dominic, who used to be the head of her family but was now far from comparable to them. She felt that she had to show off in order to vent her anger.

She pointed to the luxury Bentley she just alighted from. “See this? This car was sent by the Sawyers to pick us up and send us here. The Sawyers were generous enough to send us hefty betrothal gifts. They gave us a million in cash alone, as well as a sports car worth several million, a lakeside luxury villa, several Golden Wing International stores, and lots of shares!

“Ah, the Sawyers are so generous and sincere about Charlotte, and the gifts they sent are enough to last Charlotte for a lifetime. They’re unlike someone over here who has never given us anything good in over two decades! Yet you still act like we’ve been given a huge advantage and bully us all the time. Who cares about you people?!”

Karen was obviously directing her remarks at Dominic.

Dominic was so infuriated that his blood pressure went up, and his face flushed. He almost fainted.

“Mom, cut it out.” Cheyenne and Charlotte hurriedly stopped Karen after getting out of the car with Amelia in Cheyenne’s arms.

However, they only glanced at Dominic faintly without paying much attention to the others. Since the Carters had already been so ruthless to them, they obviously wouldn’t have any good feelings for them.

The few of them walked straight toward the hotel, while William, who had been sitting in the car and was too scared to get out when he saw Dominic, also took advantage and got out quietly. He then scurried over to his wife and daughters.

The usher led them to the main table at the front to take their seats.

All the people in the hall looked at them in surprise while discussing softly their identities.

All the prestigious families of the county were invited to the banquet this evening, and only those of significant status could sit at the front tables.

However, they didn’t know who the Carters were.

“Hey, isn’t that woman who’s carrying a kid Cheyenne Carter?”

“The Cheyenne Carter who had an affair with her chauffeur?”

“Yes, it’s her! That scandal was all over the news, and it was the talk of the town. I still remember her face!”

There were many people who slowly began to recognize Cheyenne. After all, the scandal spread throughout the county, and they basically had some impression of her.

However, after recognizing Cheyenne, the people in the hall were even more surprised.

Why is Cheyenne Carter’s family sitting at the main table?

At this moment, Dominic Carter’s family arrived at the entrance of the hotel, but no one received them at all. It was as if the ushers didn’t see them. They simply walked past them to receive the other guests cordially.

Dominic coughed a little uneasily.

Bryce pulled one of the ushers and asked, “Is there no one to receive us? Where will we be sitting?”

Glancing at Bryce coldly, the usher snapped, “There are so many guests here, and I’m very busy. There’s a number on the invitation card. Can’t you see for yourself?”





Chapter 39: The Host of the Banquet




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“You...” Bryce was furious because of the usher’s rude reply.

However, he dared not kick up a fuss because the Intercontinental Hotel belonged to the Sawyers, the richest family of the county.

The Carters were lucky enough to receive the invitation. If they were chased out because of a squabble, it would be an enormous loss for them!

The Carters held back their anger, went into the hall, and found their seats.

However, the few of them were in a foul mood, especially because their table was near the door and obviously much smaller than the other ones. The Carters had no choice but to squeeze together.

Unlike the other tables with beautiful, superior-grade tablecloths covering them, the table they were seated at had a simple disposable plastic tablecloth covering it. Their table was empty too. There wasn’t a single glass of water, let alone decorative flowers, fruit platters, and fancy drinks.

Many in the hall cast peculiar glances at them while exchanging pleasantries.

Bryce was in an uncomfortable mood while Dominic couldn’t help but blush in embarrassment, especially when he saw other smaller families that were inferior to the Carters sitting at tables better than theirs.

“Bryce, remember, a little impatience will spoil great plans. No matter what, we have to get in touch with the host of the banquet before anything else! This concerns our comeback. Bear this in mind!” Dominic admonished Bryce, as well as himself.

I must endure this. Once the host of the banquet is here, we will have hope, and we will get back at these people for humiliating us!

Ever since Karen was led to the main table to sit down, she had been enjoying the scrutiny and envious gazes of others. However, she didn’t know many of the guests present and thus couldn’t go and chat with them. She had no choice but to remain seated and wait to see which table Dominic and Bryce would be arranged to.

When she finally saw Dominic and the others being allocated to the shabby little table near the door, Karen almost laughed out loud. This feels wonderful! The Sawyers are indeed worthy of being my in-laws. They must have found out that Dominic Carter and his family used to bully us, so they’re standing up for us now! Impressive!

Karen immediately wanted to go over and mock them, but she was dissuaded by Cheyenne.

Well, it’s Charlotte’s engagement banquet today, and she will soon become the wife of a wealthy man. We’ll also become the in-laws of the richest family in the county. Why should I bother with that group of people? Soon, we will no longer belong to the same world. I’m not going to lower my status like that!

Soon, the banquet officially began.

After a speech to thank the guests politely, the emcee quickly gestured to the side with his hand. “Now, let’s welcome the host of the banquet tonight, Mr. Flynn Davis, the general manager of the Stardust Corporation!”

Accompanied by enthusiastic applause from the audience, Davis walked up to the front of the hall in a poised manner, clad in an immaculate, bespoke suit.

Karen immediately gaped in disbelief. “What... Isn’t this the engagement banquet for Charlotte and Ethan Sawyer’s son? Why is Mr. Davis on the stage?”

“Mom, cut it out!” Realizing the situation, Charlotte immediately understood that her unreliable mother must have made a blunder and mistook something. It was clearly a banquet held by the Stardust Corporation, but Karen mistook it for an engagement banquet! This was too embarrassing!

Fortunately, Karen hadn’t gone around showing off to others yet, or else she’d be extremely ashamed!

The other group of people who were very stunned was naturally Dominic, Bryce, and the other Carters.

They initially thought that the host of tonight’s banquet was the mysterious tycoon who had spent a huge bomb at the auction. And they were thinking that once they got close to him, they would no longer have to fear the power of the Stardust Corporation and could take the chance to make a comeback.

However, they never thought that it was the atrocious Flynn Davis, the one who had schemed against them and taken away the Brilliance Corporation, who had sent them the invitation.

What does this mean?

Did he deliberately invite us here so that he can humiliate us?

The condescending usher just now and this shabby table must have been deliberately arranged for the sake of humiliating us, right?!

Having figured this out, the Carters were infuriated.

“Damn it!” Bryce was the first to feel an urge to stand up and charge over because he couldn’t contain his emotions.

He, Bryce Carter, was the scion of the Carters and had been pampered ever since he was a child. Since when had he ever been humiliated like this?

“Hold it right there!” Dominic Carter hollered to stop him.

“Grandpa, they’re being a huge bully!”

“So what if they bully us? Can we compare to the Stardust Corporation now? Since we are inferior to others, we have to bear with it even if we get bullied! Once we make a comeback and surpass them, those who once bullied us will naturally kneel down before us!” Dominic’s expression was grim, and his face was trembling slightly too.

“Yes, Grandpa, I know. Once we get the support of the mysterious tycoon, the Carters will definitely make a comeback! In the future, I must take revenge for the humiliation we’ve suffered today!” Bryce exclaimed resentfully before sitting down on his chair.

At this moment, Davis was greeting everyone in front of the hall smilingly. “Thank you all for taking the time out of your busy schedules to attend this banquet hosted by me. I am very honored.”

“Not at all. You’re being too polite, Mr. Davis! It’s my honor to receive an invitation from you!”

“Yes, yes, it’s a great honor to receive an invitation from you for this banquet, Mr. Davis!”

Everyone replied courteously.

Davis smiled. “In fact, there are two main purposes for today’s banquet. I’m sure you’ve heard of the first matter, and that is the Brilliance Corporation will soon be in a long-term strategic partnership with us, the Stardust Corporation. I hope that we will receive your support.”

As soon as he said these words, many of the guests smiled.

A few days ago, the Carters somehow offended the Stardust Corporation and ended up losing the entire Brilliance Corporation. Those who were well-informed knew about it.

Although Davis claimed that it was a long-term strategic partnership with the Brilliance Corporation, the Brilliance Corporation had actually been acquired by the Stardust Corporation. However, the Stardust Corporation hadn’t reorganized it yet, and thus, it would sound better to call it a partnership.

All of a sudden, countless gazes were cast at the Carters.

On the other hand, the Carters felt a strong urge to disappear from the banquet venue immediately after hearing Davis’s words!





Chapter 40: Wedding Anniversary




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Davis’s words and the various ambiguous gazes were like countless slaps on the faces of the Carters, making them blush and feel ashamed.

A few days ago, the Brilliance Corporation still belonged to them...

At this moment, Ethan Sawyer smiled and stood up. “As long as the Brilliance Corporation is willing, the Sawyer Corporation would be glad to cooperate with the Brilliance Corporation.”

Ethan Sawyer, the richest man in the county, had taken the initiative to offer cooperation. The others stood up anxiously too.

“The Jones hope to work with the Brilliance Corporation!”

“The Lawsons too! Mr. Davis, please give us a chance!”

“The Fords as well! If we can cooperate with the Brilliance Corporation, we’re willing to offer ten percent of profit-sharing!”

All of a sudden, families of various statuses made their intentions to cooperate with the Brilliance Corporation known.

For some large businesses, cooperating with the Brilliance Corporation could also make their relationship with the Stardust Corporation closer.

On the other hand, reaching a cooperation with the Brilliance Corporation would be a great opportunity for smaller enterprises that were unworthy of the Stardust Corporation!

Anyway, they could all tell clearly that the Brilliance Corporation was basically going to be a part of the Stardust Corporation.

When the Carters saw this, their hearts were about to bleed in agony. Just a few days ago, the Brilliance Corporation still belonged to them. And now that there were so many opportunities for cooperation, the value of the company would definitely soar. Unfortunately, it no longer belonged to them!

Davis raised his hand and pressed it down a little in the air, after which the guests in the hall soon quieted down and continued listening to him.

“Everyone, I appreciate your recognition of the Brilliance Corporation, and we can discuss our cooperation in detail later. But now, let’s move on to the second agenda of the banquet today.”

“Sure, please go ahead, Mr. Davis!” everyone in the hall said one after another.

“For the second matter, I’d like all of you to witness a loving relationship together with me.”

Davis clapped his hands, and everyone watched in perplexity as the lights in the banquet hall gradually dimmed and the curtains behind Davis were drawn open. The bright spotlight cast on the small hall at the front of the hall, putting all the items on display.

“Wow!”

“Oh my god!”

“So beautiful!”

Many of them gasped in awe and surprise.

In particular, all the wealthy women present almost had their eyes glued on the items that they couldn’t shift their gazes away from.

In the small hall behind the curtains, there were dozens of crystal display cabinets with staggered heights, and each of them contained a gorgeous piece of jewelry reflecting in the light and dazzling stunningly.

It would still be normal if there were only one or two pieces of jewelry, but the dazzling rays of light from so many pieces placed together resulted in a stunning visual impact.

In particular, there was a large pink diamond the size of a pigeon’s egg resting against a black velvet background in the display case in the middle, reflecting a dreamy light that was bedazzling.

“Ah! That’s the pink diamond sold at the sky-high price of more than thirty-five million dollars at the auction that night!”

“Oh my god! That pair of precious, superior-grade emerald bangles at the side was one of the few finale items at the auction!”

“And that pendant carved from a whole sapphire was also sold for millions during the auction!”

The crowd got into an uproar because the jewelry on display were all the precious treasures purchased at staggering prices by the mysterious tycoon at the auction that night!

Could the mysterious tycoon that day be Mr. Davis of the Stardust Corporation?!

If that was the case, all of them would have to reevaluate Davis’s status in the Stardust Corporation.

It would be simply too terrifying!

At this moment, Dominic and Bryce turned as pale as a sheet.

They had always pinned their hopes of making a comeback on the mysterious tycoon who appeared at the auction house, but if Davis was that tycoon, what hopes would they have left?

“No, no, I think everyone has misunderstood. These pieces of precious jewelry do not belong to me, and I’m not that mysterious person who appeared at the auction either,” Davis explained.

“The pieces of jewelry belong to a mysterious person who does not wish to be named. They are wedding anniversary gifts for his wife.

“Back then, this young man was incompetent and got married hastily but was unable to give anything to his wife.

“Later, in order to be worthy of his wife, this young man left without saying goodbye and tried to carve a career of his own. He left for several years.

“Now, he has returned. He specially purchased these pieces of rare jewelry at the auction for the sake of making it up to his wife, and he hopes that his wife will accept this token of his.

“So, let us celebrate this couple’s wedding anniversary and also sincerely wish this young man and his wife a lifetime of conjugal bliss!”

After Davis ended his speech, he led the audience through a round of applause.

All of a sudden, the hall was full of thunderous applause.

Although no one knew who the mysterious person and his wife really were, the fact that he could afford to spend tens of millions on precious jewelry and get Davis to help host a banquet for him had to mean that he was a powerful figure.

Many wealthy ladies were staring intently at the beautiful jewelry, refusing to take their eyes off them. They even began to harbor immense envy and jealousy toward the wife of that person whose name they didn’t even know.

Sitting at the main table in the front row, Cheyenne also had a look of envy on her face, not because of the ostentatious jewelry but because of the love and affection that the young man was said to have for his wife.

Suddenly reminded of something, Charlotte said, “Cheyenne, it’s also your wedding anniversary with Lucas, right? Besides, those experiences that Mr. Davis mentioned just now seem quite similar to yours. Could all of this... have been prepared for you by Lucas?” Actually, Charlotte began to become uncertain of her guess.

Although she had seen Lucas’s domineering side at the kindergarten previously, felt that he had been living an extraordinary life during the past few years, and even guessed that he might have killed many, the idea of Lucas spending tens of millions on jewelry was too far-fetched!

At the side, Karen kept her eyes glued onto the dazzling jewelry, wishing she could dash forward to grab them and hold them in her arms. She was also filled with jealousy for the woman who had such a good husband.

At this moment, she happened to overhear Charlotte’s words and couldn’t help but roll her eyes. “What nonsense are you saying? How can that piece of garbage Lucas afford these pieces of jewelry? He will never be able to in this lifetime and the next!”





Chapter 41: You Must Have Made A Mistake




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Cheyenne hung her head low gloomily. Of course, she knew that Lucas wouldn’t be able to afford the exorbitant jewelry, and she was just occasionally envious of such relationships.

Noticing that her mother was a little out of sorts, Amelia pressed her soft and tender face against Cheyenne’s face and said softly, “Mommy, don’t be sad. One day, Daddy will buy you those beautiful stones.”

Looking at the nervousness in the large eyes of her daughter, who seemed to be afraid that she might be angry because she hadn’t received any jewelry from Lucas, Cheyenne couldn’t help but pinch her cheeks gently and smile. “Yes, I’ll be waiting.”

At this moment, a woman dressed like a waitress walked up to Cheyenne, bent down, and whispered into her ear, “Miss Carter, sorry to disturb you, but someone is looking for you.”

Cheyenne frowned. “Who’s looking for me?”

The waitress’s voice became even softer. “He said that his last name is Gray.”

Gray? Lucas Gray? Cheyenne thought for a while and realized that Lucas seemed to be the only person she knew with the last name ‘Gray.’

Oh right, our family was invited to the Intercontinental Hotel today, and it was quite an impromptu event. Lucas happened to be away from home at that time, and Mom didn’t want him to tag along to the engagement party because she thinks he’s incompetent, so no one informed him.

Now that Lucas is here, did something happen?

Thinking of this, Cheyenne handed Amelia over to Charlotte and left with the waitress, using the excuse of going to the washroom because she was afraid that her mother might start making a din again after hearing Lucas’s name.

However, the waitress didn’t take Cheyenne outside the hotel and instead led her to an elevator and pressed the button for the top floor.

Seeing the puzzlement and wariness in Cheyenne’s eyes, the waitress smiled and explained, “Mr. Gray is waiting for you on the top floor of the hotel. Rest assured. There are surveillance cameras in the elevator. I won’t lie to you.”

Cheyenne couldn’t resist on the spot, but she was still keeping her guard up.

Soon, they arrived at the top floor of the Intercontinental Hotel.

At this moment, Flynn Davis was giving his last speech in the banquet hall. “I initially wanted everyone to give their blessings to that loving married couple, but the mysterious man is very insistent on keeping a low profile and just wants to spend this unforgettable wedding anniversary with his wife quietly today. Therefore, for the rest of the night, please feel free to help yourselves to the wine and food we’ve prepared and enjoy the entertainment programs. Please enjoy the night.”

The attendants moved about smoothly, serving drinks on a tray, along with pastries, and there was a buffet.

All of a sudden, the atmosphere in the hall was much more relaxed and lively.

Of course, since all the people present were prominent figures of various industries in Orange County, they naturally didn’t just sit at their tables and eat. They each held a wine glass and went around to socialize with their acquaintances and the people whom they wanted to get to know.

In contrast, the Carters were in an awkward situation because no one came forward to talk to them. Even when Dominic Carter took the initiative to talk to others, they would simply patronize him perfunctorily before leaving and shunning the Carters like the plague, as if they were afraid that the Carters would start pestering them.

Bryce was infuriated when he happened to see Karen and Charlotte chatting merrily with some people near him. Unable to contain his anger any longer, he stormed over.

When he went over, he heard a lady complimenting Karen, “Your daughters are so beautiful. You are so blessed!”

Although that lady didn’t know why Karen’s family was arranged to sit at the front table, she thought that there would be no harm in saying some nice things, for she might be able to build some connections with her!

With this thought in mind, the lady kept caressing the back of Charlotte’s hand, as if she was incredibly fond of her.

Bryce humphed coldly and walked forward. “Some people just like bragging, lying, and flaunting! She even said that her daughter is getting engaged to Ethan Sawyer’s son today, but what happened? Where’s the engagement? Where are the Sawyers?”

Charlotte’s pretty face turned red. Previously, they all thought that the event tonight was an engagement party, but it turned out not to be. She felt really embarrassed now that Bryce exposed the misunderstanding.

Unwilling to seem weak, Karen retorted sneeringly, “Well, at least we get to sit at the main table at the front, while some people can only sit at the door and watch!”

Bryce jumped up as if his tail had been stepped on. “Would you be able to sit here today if not for the Carters? You’re a bunch of ingrates!”

Exasperated, Karen put her hands on her waist and was about to lash out at him, but an attendant walked over and interrupted. “Miss Carter, Mrs. Carter, Mr. Sawyer has specially reserved a private room for you to rest in. Would you like to make your way there?”

Mr. Sawyer? It must be Ethan Sawyer!

Karen was naturally overjoyed because she was planning to ask the Sawyers when they were going to do the engagement officially.

“Yes, of course. Our in-laws are so considerate to have specially prepared a private room for us. We certainly can’t let their goodwill go to waste.” Karen harrumphed at Bryce with disdain. She then took Charlotte and Amelia to the private room on the second floor while everyone watched with envy.

Bryce’s face was pale yet reddened, but he no longer dared to say anything else. He had been repeatedly embarrassed during the party, and he really couldn’t stay any longer!

When Karen and the others arrived at the door of the private room on the second floor, she happened to see Ethan Sawyer passing by with some people.

She hurriedly ran up to greet him. “Hello, Mr. Sawyer!”

After taking a glance at her, Sawyer naturally recognized her to be Lucas’s mother-in-law, so he returned the greeting politely. “Hello, you must be Miss Carter’s mother.”

Karen nodded profusely. “Yes, yes, we are going to be a family soon, but this is the first time we’re meeting each other. This is really...” While grinning widely, she pulled Charlotte over. “This is my youngest daughter, Charlotte. Charlotte, quick, greet your father-in-law.”

Charlotte was extremely shy and embarrassed. Who would give such an introduction? We haven’t gotten engaged yet, and this is our first meeting, but she’s already calling him my father-in-law. How can I bring myself to do that?

After hearing Karen’s words, Sawyer was dumbfounded. Family? In-laws? Father-in-law? What?

Thus, Sawyer asked carefully, “Mrs. Carter, did you make a mistake?”





Chapter 42: Mistake and Truth




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Although Sawyer’s question was hesitant and cautious, Karen didn’t realize it at all. She chuckled and pulled Charlotte toward him. “I didn’t get it wrong. Well, you sent so many expensive engagement gifts to our home for Charlotte previously, and we couldn’t agree more to this marriage! This might seem embarrassing, but I thought that the banquet tonight was for Charlotte’s engagement!”

After thinking about it, Sawyer immediately understood. It turned out that the Carters had gotten the wrong idea!

When Lucas had just returned to Orange County, Sawyer tried to look out for him. On the one hand, because Chad Kennedy, the butler of the Huttons, had requested him. On the other hand, he wanted to get into Lucas’s good books too. So he had specially prepared expensive betrothal gifts for Cheyenne on behalf of Lucas.

But the Carters mistook that Sawyer wanted his son to marry Charlotte.

Sawyer was caught between laughter and tears. “Mrs. Carter, you’ve really made a mistake. I only have a son and a daughter, who are both married.”

Karen was immediately dumbstruck. The wealthy son-in-law she had been looking forward to turned out to already belong to someone else.

Charlotte turned pale too. Since Ethan Sawyer’s son is already married, he can’t marry me. In that case... what’s the matter with those betrothal gifts?

Karen pondered over it, and when she thought of something, her face turned a little sullen. “Um, Mr. Sawyer, since your son is already married, these betrothal gifts... Your family might be very wealthy, but Charlotte is a young bachelorette. She can’t become your second wife without a proper status.”

Hearing Karen’s words, Charlotte turned pale in shock. She had indeed heard such rumors before. Many wealthy men had several wives at the same time, even though only one of them was rightfully married to them. However, she didn’t want to be in such a relationship!

Sawyer was speechless, as he didn’t expect Karen to think this.

At first, he was thinking of helping Lucas by giving those expensive gifts to make Lucas’s status seem more distinguished. To his surprise, Lucas refused to reveal his identity, so it was hard to give an explanation for the gifts.

After thinking about it, Sawyer said, “Mrs. Carter, those gifts are actually for your eldest daughter, Cheyenne Carter’s...”

Before he could say the word ‘husband’, Karen screamed in horror. “What? For Cheyenne?! You want Cheyenne to be your second wife? This... Cheyenne is already married and has a child. If your family doesn’t mind, we... Don’t worry. Cheyenne’s husband is a loser. I’ll get them to divorce immediately!”

“Mom! What nonsense are you spouting?!” Charlotte didn’t expect her mother to agree to such an absurd matter of letting Cheyenne become his second wife. She was instantly furious and anxious.

Meanwhile, Sawyer broke out in a cold sweat after being shocked by Karen’s words! Oh my god? Who would dare to let Lucas Gray’s wife become their second wife? Are you sick of living?!

Mrs. Carter is really strange. How could she let her daughter get a divorce and become someone else’s second wife while still rejoicing? I don’t get it!

Sawyer hurriedly stopped Karen and exclaimed, “Mrs. Carter! Hear me out. I meant that those gifts are for your daughter’s husband, Mr. Lucas Gray! Previously, Mr. Gray did me a big favor, so I wanted to give some gifts to him. There might have been some slip-ups in between that resulted in this misunderstanding.

“Don’t worry. My children are all married. They won’t harbor designs on your daughter!” Sawyer hurriedly put an end to it.

Karen’s face was full of disbelief. Those expensive gifts, the car, and the villa that are worth millions, as well as the shares and cash, are all for that good-for-nothing Lucas?

How can that loser be capable enough to get such expensive gifts from the Sawyers?!

However, since Ethan Sawyer said it himself, Karen had to believe it.

On the other hand, Charlotte was surprised and came to a sudden realization. Indeed, as she had expected, Lucas was not an ordinary person.

However, at the same time, she felt awkward and embarrassed too. It turned out that those gifts were not for her but Lucas. Yet she was flaunting those things to him previously, and she had even mocked him for being too poor to afford them.

Oh goodness! What was Lucas thinking when I did that?!

Charlotte was ashamed and embarrassed, and so was Karen because she had made a big fuss out of a huge misunderstanding. The two of them did not have the cheek to continue walking into the private room.

At this moment, Cheyenne was standing on the top floor of the Intercontinental Hotel, almost too scared to go forth.

The area of the ground in front of her was covered with vibrant and delicate fresh flowers, as well as green plants and flower pots of staggered heights that created a winding path. There were also romantic lights and balloons. All of this made the entire top floor seem like the most beautiful fantastical world.

At the end of the path, there was a tall figure who seemed familiar yet like a stranger to Cheyenne.

His features, appearance, and figure were all familiar to her, as they were the same as the person who appeared beside her every day.

However, he felt like a stranger because he was wearing a suave white military uniform with a metal shoulder badge in the shape of an eagle feather. He looked handsome, sharp, and suave, completely unlike the person Cheyenne was familiar with.

Seeing that Cheyenne had frozen in place, the man smiled and said in a warm voice, “Cheyenne.”

It’s really Lucas!

My husband, Lucas!

Cheyenne watched as Lucas, who was wearing that valiant white military uniform, stepped onto the winding path paved with flower petals. She felt that she seemed to have slipped into a dream. All of a sudden, she couldn’t tell if it was a dream or reality.

Lucas walked toward Cheyenne while gazing at her. “Back then, I had nothing to my name, and I couldn’t give you a decent wedding nor any gifts. I even caused you to suffer so much, and you’ve been unhappy. Now, I’d like to make it up to you.”

Lucas knelt down on one knee, holding a dazzling diamond ring in his palm. It was the pink diamond ring worth tens of millions of dollars and had caught the attention of everyone just now!

Cheyenne covered her chest with both hands, shocked beyond words.

T-this diamond ring and the mysterious young man Flynn Davis mentioned...

Previously, her younger sister even jokingly said that it might be Lucas, but it looked like it was really Lucas!

“Cheyenne, I may be many years late, but I still want to ask you sincerely. Will you marry me?”





Chapter 43: Give Me A Chance




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Lucas knelt down on one knee among the flowers and raised his head to ask, “Will you marry me?”

Cheyenne covered her mouth as her tears rolled down continuously.

Surrounded by romantic flowers and lights and being proposed to by a handsome man with an exorbitant diamond ring was the scene that all women dreamed of.

Complicated emotions surged in Cheyenne’s heart, but she couldn’t say yes. “I’m sorry...”

Her words made a trace of disappointment flash in Lucas’s eyes, and he immediately smiled bitterly. Well, I failed to fulfill my duty as a husband and father for so many years and made Cheyenne bear such a huge burden all by herself. What made me think that I’d be able to make her accept me in such a short period of time?

The exorbitant jewelry and diamond ring were Lucas’s way of expressing his feelings, but he would never think that Cheyenne would agree to his proposal only because of the gifts.

The woman he had adored for so many years was definitely not that materialistic.

Thus, Lucas was already mentally prepared to be rejected by Cheyenne.

However, he still couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable after really being rejected by the woman he fancied, even though he had prepared himself for it.

When Cheyenne saw Lucas’s eyes becoming dimmer, she felt a little dismayed. “Um, I’m really sorry, but I can only think of you as Amelia’s father right now. I don’t see you as my husband yet. I hope you will understand.”

Lucas nodded. He naturally understood that Cheyenne was willing to let him stay with the Carters for the time being only for their daughter’s sake.

When he and Cheyenne got married back then, they didn’t have feelings for each other, and afterward, he left for so many years. Now that he had just returned, Cheyenne definitely wouldn’t fall for him so quickly.

“Do you hate me then?” he asked softly.

Cheyenne was stunned. She thought about it carefully and realized that Lucas hadn’t done anything heinous to her before.

The incident that they were embroiled in was all because they had been set up. Six years ago, Cheyenne’s parents told her that Lucas had stolen the family’s money and left her behind while he absconded.

At that time, she hated Lucas for being an irresponsible liar.

However, on the day Lucas first returned, Cheyenne knew that her parents must have lied. Lucas didn’t steal their money or abandon her on purpose.

Lucas had once mentioned that he left in order to become worthy of her. The fact that he had come to propose to her with a diamond ring worth tens of millions of dollars was the best proof.

Besides, after Lucas returned, he had been accompanying her to deal with the Carters, protecting her, and playing with Amelia. In particular, on that cold and harsh rainy day, it was Lucas who brought her away from that terrifying place and even took care of her when she was ill...

So, to be fair, Cheyenne did not hate Lucas and even had a good impression of him.

However, this alone was not enough for Cheyenne to accept Lucas as her husband.

Cheyenne bit her lower lip tightly and shook her head slightly.

Lucas looked at her gleefully. “Since you don’t hate me, that’s enough. I hope you can give me a chance. I truly want to treat you well. And if you can see my sincerity in the future and feel that you can trust me and depend on me, please don’t turn me down again.”

“Yes.” Cheyenne nodded, feeling slightly relieved.

When she came down using the elevator and returned to the banquet hall on the first floor, Cheyenne felt like she was in a trance and found it unreal.

Lucas’s sudden proposal and the fact that he was the mysterious man who caused an uproar in Orange County...

“Cheyenne! Where did you go? We were worried sick about you!” Karen hurriedly pulled Cheyenne’s arm and dragged her out of the surrealism.

“What’s the matter, Mom?”

“You still have the cheek to ask me? You went to the bathroom for such a long time, and we couldn’t find you! Oh right. It’s your wedding anniversary with Lucas today too. Did that good-for-nothing... not give you any gifts?” Karen asked, keeping her voice low.

Cheyenne immediately remembered all that happened on the top floor just now.

“I’m telling you, that kid Lucas is pretending to be poor in front of us. You have to make him give you more gifts! Don’t let him take advantage!”

Cheyenne was suddenly stunned. Did Mom find out so quickly that Lucas is that mysterious man who appeared at the auction?

Before Cheyenne could ask, Karen continued, “Hmph, you don’t even know, do you? The betrothal gifts that the Sawyers gave to our family were not for Charlotte but a token of gratitude for that good-for-nothing! Funny, isn’t it? Why does that garbage deserve such hefty gifts from the Sawyers?”

Cheyenne blinked and took a long time to react. “You mean that large box of gifts was not for Charlotte but a thank-you gift for Lucas?”

She had only been away for a short period of time, so how could so many things have happened?

However, when Cheyenne saw the look of displeasure on Charlotte’s face, she decided not to pry further. No girl would be comfortable about such a misunderstanding.

The few of them looked for William Carter, Cheyenne’s father, who was already drunk and hiding in a corner of the hall. Then they headed home.
