
After arriving home, Cheyenne finally listened to Karen’s account of how they met Ethan Sawyer and found out that the gifts were just a huge misunderstanding.

However, Karen certainly didn’t mention that she had almost agreed to let Cheyenne become his second wife. She simply emphasized how much of a pity it was that Ethan Sawyer’s son was already married and that Charlotte had missed the opportunity for a good marriage. She then started criticizing Lucas in front of Cheyenne.

“Cheyenne, your loser husband helped the Sawyers and received so many gifts from them, but he stayed mum about it! How inhumane of him.”

Cheyenne was a little speechless. “Mom, didn’t you put away all the gifts at home? Actually, since those gifts were for Lucas, you should give them back to him.”

“What?!” Karen screamed. “You want me to return them to Lucas? Impossible! Lucas is our live-in son-in-law, so the things given to him should rightfully belong to us. Why should we return them to him?” As she spoke, Karen poked Cheyenne’s forehead, expecting better from her.

“How did I give birth to such a stupid girl like you? You’re so eager to give away the wealth given to us! I didn’t tell you this for the sake of letting you hand the treasures to that garbage Lucas!”

“What exactly are you trying to say then?” Cheyenne asked, feeling uncomfortable.

“Are you stupid?! Think about it. Since the Sawyers have already said that Lucas helped them a lot, they must have given him more than merely a box of gifts. He must be holding more than that! What he has is yours. You have to hurry and think of a solution to get them from him! Otherwise, you’ll be letting him gain huge benefits when you get divorced in the future.”





Chapter 44: Tempting Wealth




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Karen sounded extremely righteous, but Cheyenne couldn’t listen to her words any longer.

“Mom, regardless of how much money Lucas has, it all belongs to him. It has nothing to do with us! Also, I said that I won’t get a divorce. Why do you keep bringing this up?”

After saying that, Cheyenne carried the sleepy Amelia and headed upstairs.

Karen was so infuriated by Cheyenne’s reaction that she was speechless for a long time. She then faced the stairs and yelled in displeasure, “Who am I doing this for? It’s all for you! That good-for-nothing finally has some money now. If you don’t hurry and get it from him before dumping him, what are you keeping him around for? Seriously, you don’t listen to anything I say!”

William, who had drunk too much alcohol, was lying on the couch in a trance. Jolted awake by Karen’s sharp shrieking, he barked in annoyance, “Why are you yelling? You’re too noisy.”

Karen immediately vented her anger on him. “All you do is get drunk and throw a tantrum! You’re so useless! I’m worried sick for this family, and all of you are out to make me angry. I’m so unlucky to have married a good-for-nothing like you...”

Karen was wailing when the door suddenly opened with a loud creak, and Lucas entered.

Since the last time he paid Karen rent, she turned a blind eye and did not stop him from entering the house. Anyway, he wouldn’t do anything to Cheyenne. At most, he would play with Amelia. Apart from criticizing him and scolding him every now and then, Karen would treat him like he was transparent most of the time.

However, things were different now. Since Lucas was so generous as to give her fifteen thousand dollars previously, it meant that he definitely had a lot more cash on hand. But he never mentioned it before. Karen obviously wouldn’t be able to tolerate it.

She just disliked Lucas!

Karen looked up and was just about to scold him, but he simply nodded at the both of them and vanished immediately.

Lucas was gone before Karen could mock him, making her even more infuriated.

“Do you have any manners? Why aren’t you greeting your elders? Hmph, indeed, you’re lowly and ill-mannered! You even hid your personal stash from us. Hah, you’re just a live-in son-in-law who sponges off us. How dare you hide your money from us?! You’ve gone overboard!” Karen was scolding incessantly in the living room and deliberately slamming the broom against the rubbish bin.

Lucas was sitting by the bed in Cheyenne’s room, carefully holding the soundly sleeping Amelia and washing her feet for her. He completely ignored the scolding coming from downstairs.

In the beginning, he would still get angered by Karen’s harsh words. But now, he had long realized that it was not worth getting angry over her words.

But Karen was Cheyenne’s mother after all. So Lucas would treat her with basic respect, but that was as far as it went.

However, Cheyenne was utterly embarrassed. Even she found her mother’s words to be terribly callous.

“I’m sorry, my mom... she’s going through menopause, so she’s very ill-tempered and irritable recently. Don’t take it too hard.” Cheyenne racked her brain to come up with a reason for her mother’s actions.

Lucas smiled and didn’t say anything. Instead, he grabbed a soft towel and used it to wipe his daughter’s feet dry before carrying her to the bed and tucking her beneath the blanket.

After watching Lucas do all of this, Cheyenne felt more and more embarrassed.

A few days ago, she had been running a high fever after being in the rain. Amelia was worried about her but didn’t want to leave Lucas either, so Lucas brought Amelia to the room and slept on a mattress on the floor.

Today, Amelia had already fallen asleep, and the two of them were sharing the same room. So things got awkward, especially since she rejected Lucas’s proposal today.

Seemingly seeing how uneasy Cheyenne was, Lucas suddenly said, “I have something to attend to tonight, so I’ll get going.”

Before she said anything, he left.

Although he also wanted to stay and try to spend more time with her, he knew that they both needed time and that he couldn’t be too eager.

There was no peace in the Carter residence tonight.

During the banquet tonight, the Carters were humiliated in a way that they had never been before.

First, the shameless shrew Karen boasted and humiliated them at the door. Afterward, they ran into the usher who deliberately neglected them and even specially arranged for them to sit at a small and shabby table by the entrance. As a result, they became the laughing stock of all the prominent figures of Orange County!

After that, Flynn Davis of the Stardust Corporation made a speech, and countless families and businesses vied to cooperate with the Brilliance Corporation, which was just like a slap to their face!

The Brilliance Corporation still belonged to them a few days ago!

Of course, Cheyenne and Karen’s family irked them the most!

They were the garbage kicked out of the Carter family and had been disowned by them. Yet they managed to form connections with the Sawyers, the wealthiest family in Orange County, and even flaunted to them. They would never be able to tolerate this!

“Grandpa, are we going to let Cheyenne, her sister, and that shameless bitch Karen continue being haughty and trampling all over us?” The more Bryce thought about it, the more infuriated he was as he punched the couch hard.

His right wrist, which Lucas broke previously, was still wrapped in a thick layer of gauze.

In short, he felt that Cheyenne’s family was horrid, and he wanted all of them dead!

Dominic’s face was gloomy too. He had always been controlling, so after becoming the head of the family, he almost couldn’t tolerate any defiance.

After he kicked Cheyenne’s family out, they not only did not live a miserable life, but they even got acquainted with the Sawyers. How could the prideful Dominic Carter accept this?

“Bryce, is it true that their family is going to be the Sawyers’ in-law?” Dominic asked.

Despite being indignant, Bryce nonetheless nodded. “Grandpa, when I went to their home before, I saw Charlotte driving a limited edition luxury Lamborghini that costs at least a million dollars. Besides, I even heard that the Sawyers gave them more than just a sports car. They also gave them a villa, a few stores, and a million in cash. All of the gifts were delivered to them in a box! Furthermore, at the banquet today, I tried to make things hard for them, but the Sawyers sent someone over to say that there was a private room reserved for them. It seems to be true.”

Dominic stayed silent, but he looked even angrier.

At this moment, one of the Carters suddenly asked, “Those things belong to the Carters, so why should we give them to them?”





Chapter 45: Your Own Money




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After saying that, Dominic and Bryce both looked over at this family member.

This Carter hurriedly said, “Think about it. They were still part of the family when they received those gifts, so the gifts can’t be considered as their family’s private assets! Besides, you were kind to have provided for them for decades, so it’s only right for them to show filial piety.”

After figuring out something, Bryce patted his thigh and exclaimed with excitement, “Yes! Those gifts should belong to us. I’ll go get them back from them now!”

Dominic nodded in satisfaction. “If they really become in-laws with the Sawyers, I can let them return to the family as long as they hand over those gifts.”

Bryce recalled how smug Karen looked yesterday and hesitated for a moment. “Grandpa, what if they don’t agree?”

“Hmph, if they don’t agree, we’ll make them return everything they obtained from the Carters over the years! Perhaps that box of gifts may not be enough to offset all of it. Tell them that clearly.” Dominic smirked.

“Yes, Grandpa. I know what to do.” Bryce left excitedly.

Bright early the next morning in Cheyenne’s home...

William and the others were still having breakfast when Bryce walked in with a group of people, pushed open the courtyard door, and sauntered in.

“Oh, all of you happen to be at home, huh?” Bryce smiled roguishly.

Cheyenne patted the frightened Amelia and stared at these people who barged in with disgust in her eyes.

When Karen and Charlotte saw Bryce, they were both furious as well. “What are you doing here?”

Bryce walked to the middle of the courtyard brazenly. “What am I doing here? If I remember correctly, the house that you are staying in now still belongs to the Carters. What right do you have to question me?”

“So, are you here to chase us away?” Charlotte asked.

Both Karen’s and William’s faces were sullen.

Previously, Dominic had already openly driven them out of the Carter family and even disowned them. Now that Bryce was here, they reckoned that he must be here to confiscate their house.

Bryce stared at William and Karen. “Well, Uncle, you grew up with the Carters, and I’ve been addressing you as my uncle for so many years. No matter what, I still care for you. How can I really chase you out?”

William and Karen were shocked by his words. Although kinship was ridiculous to them, Bryce seemed to be saying that he wasn’t here to chase them out.

“What do you mean?” Cheyenne asked warily. She didn’t believe that Bryce and Dominic would care about kinship.

Besides, given Bryce’s hostile attitude toward her in the past, he obviously couldn’t wait to drive her out of the Carter family. How could he come here to say this to them after disowning them?

“What I mean is, Grandpa has decided to rescind his orders on the account that you guys have lived with us for so many years. As long as you give us the gifts from the Sawyers, Grandpa will allow you back into the Carter family,” Bryce said arrogantly.

“Hmph!” Cheyenne sneered. So it’s just for the gifts.

“Don’t even think about it! How can we give the gifts to you?” Karen was instantly anxious.

Staring at her, Bryce said slowly, “Aunt Karen, isn’t that what you told me last night? You said that the Sawyers have taken a liking to Charlotte and gave you a large chest of title deeds, a car, cash, and stores. You’re going to become the Sawyers’ in-laws soon. Surely you don’t care about that petty sum of money? As long as you hand these things over, Grandpa and I will let you return to the Carter family!”

“That... no...”

When she saw Bryce and Dominic at the banquet last night, she couldn’t help herself and showed off to them. In the end, she found out that it was a huge misunderstanding. Now, she couldn’t tell Bryce that she had made a mistake, but she wasn’t willing to give the expensive gifts to the Carters.

At this moment, Charlotte walked out. “That was a mistake. The Sawyers gave those gifts to Lucas, not us.”

Bryce burst into laughter and gibed, “Charlotte Carter, do you take me for a fool? Lucas Gray? He’s just a piece of trash. How could the Sawyers give him those gifts out of gratitude? You ought to come up with a less retarded excuse.”

“Those things really don’t belong to us. Don’t think about taking them from us. Since we’ve been disowned, you can take this house back, and we’ll move away. That’s all I have to say,” Cheyenne said coldly.

“Cheyenne, how can you say that?” Karen was displeased, as she couldn’t understand why they had to give the house to them. Since they had lived here for decades, the house should have long belonged to them.

“Hmph, do you think you can just move away? It’s not that easy!” Bryce dropped the pretense and showed his true intentions. He exclaimed fiercely, “I’m not afraid of letting you know. If you really want to leave the Carters, return us all the money we’ve spent providing for you all these years!

“I’ll do a simple calculation for you. William Carter, you have been living with us for more than forty years. We’ll take it that you spend fifteen thousand dollars a year. That means you’ve spent six hundred thousand in total.” Bryce pointed at William.

Before William could speak, he pointed at the others. “And you, Karen, Cheyenne, and Charlotte, all of you have been sponging off us for two to three decades. The three of you have spent up to one-point-four million in total. You’ve also taken away at least five million worth of dividends and benefits from us, and you’ve lived in this house for decades. Considering all the miscellaneous expenses, it won’t be much to ask you for eight million, right?”

Every word Bryce said made William’s and Karen’s faces turn even more distressed. When she heard Bryce’s last sentence, Karen could no longer hold back and screamed, “Eight million dollars?! Is this daylight robbery?! How could we have spent eight million dollars?! Besides, we only get a little more than twenty thousand in dividends!”

Bryce laughed unrestrainedly. “Don’t say I’m making this up. These things are recorded in the company’s accounts every year!

“Anyway, you either pay us eight million dollars now and leave the Carter family, or take out that box of gifts and we’ll let you back in the family. In the future, Grandpa might let Uncle William take over his position. You guys should consider carefully what you want to do!”





Chapter 46: The Chance to Return to the Family




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Cheyenne and Charlotte naturally did not believe Bryce’s words. The Carters had never truly treated them as a part of the Carter family before, mainly because William Carter was not Dominic Carter’s biological son. Thus, Dominic obviously wouldn’t let William take over as the head of the family.

William himself did not believe what Bryce said. He grew up knowing that he and Dominic were not blood-related, and Dominic had at best been kind to him and let him join the family on account of his mother. But after his mother passed away, he no longer enjoyed the same treatment that the direct descendants of the Carter family enjoyed. For example, the direct descendants and relatives would receive almost a hundred thousand dollars each year in dividends, while William and his family would only receive about fifteen thousand.

Therefore, Willian didn’t believe at all that he would be able to assume the position of the head of the family in the future.

However, Karen was already tempted and was considering it in her head quickly.

Although the box of gifts was very valuable, the gifts were meant for Lucas, and she reckoned that he would definitely take them away and gain the support of the Sawyers. So she definitely wouldn’t get to keep the gifts.

In her opinion, it would be better to give them to Bryce, as that would mean that they would at least be able to return to the Carter family. And in the future, she might even get to be the mistress of the family.

Besides, she wouldn’t give all of the gifts to the Carters. The value of all the items in the box was almost fifteen million dollars, and she felt that giving half to the Carters would be enough, as she wanted to keep the remaining half. If Lucas asked the Sawyers to help him get the gifts back, she would just say that the Carters took them away and tell them to look for the Carters!

At the thought of this, the gaze in Karen’s eyes when she looked at Bryce became less hostile, and she seemed rather enthusiastic instead. “Bryce, is what you just said true? Will you let us return to the Carter family as long as I hand that box of things over to you? Will William also have the chance to become the head of the family in the future?”

“Of course. Grandpa said it himself. Aunt Karen, have you decided?” Bryce smiled affirmatively.

Seeing that Karen was wavering, Charlotte couldn’t help but say anxiously, “Mom, do you still believe their nonsense and lies? Have you forgotten how they used to bully us? Cheyenne even got on her knees to beg them, was drenched in the rain, and ended up running a high fever because of it. Have they ever shown any concern? They’re saying these things to us now obviously because they want that box of gifts!”

Cheyenne objected vehemently, “Mom, that box of gifts was meant for Lucas. None of them have the right to decide what to do with them.”

Seeing this, Bryce sneered. “I thought Aunt Karen commands great authority at home, but I didn’t expect both your daughters to disregard you and have no respect for you at all. They keep going against your decisions. Anyway, think through it yourselves. It’s your only chance to return to the family. Once you miss it, Grandpa will never give you a chance again, even if you beg him. You will also have to pay us eight million dollars and not a single cent less.”

Karen immediately became anxious and hurriedly pushed William. “Hurry up and say something! Quickly agree to return to the family!”

William pushed Karen away. “I’m not going back! Cheyenne and the others got bullied so terribly, so what’s the point of going back? If you want to, you can go back yourself!”

To be honest, William had also become completely disappointed in the family.

After being pushed by her husband, who had always obeyed her, Karen flew into a rage and reached out to scratch him. “You useless good-for-nothing, you can’t earn any money at all. If we don’t return to the Carters, how can we maintain a livelihood? How are you going to pay the eight million dollars we owe them?”

The two of them got into a scuffle while Cheyenne and Charlotte hurriedly tried to pull them apart.

Bryce was getting impatient. If not for that box of gifts, he wouldn’t bother talking to them.

“Enough. Don’t put on an act in front of me either. Go and find where the items are.” Bryce cocked his head toward the security officers behind him and immediately headed into the house.

“Wait!” Seeing how the situation was developing, Karen stopped fighting with William and hurriedly rushed into the house to stop them.

She just wanted to give Bryce half of the items. If he moved them away himself, he definitely wouldn’t leave anything for them!

Karen stopped in front of her bed, but her actions gave the security officers a cue. Two of them went forward to pull her away while others lifted the bed and quickly took out two boxes from beneath, one large and one small.

“Hey! These are my belongings!” Karen’s eyes were about to fall out. Lucas’s items were in the large box, but the small box contained her personal stash that she had saved up over the years!

Bryce simply ignored her and took a brief glimpse at the box full of cash, title deeds, and share transfer documents. He was so excited that he couldn’t stop himself from laughing.

He could tell at a glance that the value of these items was more than fifteen million dollars.

Watching the security officers carry the items out of the house, Cheyenne and the others naturally weren’t willing to let them take the things away. But they were just a bunch of weak women, so how could they stop these people?

They didn’t just take away the box of gifts. They also snatched away the Lamborghini parked by the entrance.

“Oh my god. They’re a bunch of bandits!” Karen sat on the ground and patted her thigh while wailing.

“What are you crying for? It’s all your fault! If you didn’t show off in front of them yesterday, they wouldn’t have come here!” William yelled at her.

Karen was incensed. “How dare you yell at me? It’s all because you’re a useless man and a loser!”

Seeing that the two were about to argue again, Charlotte was so infuriated that she shouted, “Okay, stop arguing! The items the Sawyers gifted Lucas have been snatched away. How are we going to explain it to him?!”

“Explain my foot! Bryce Carter and his men were the ones who took those things away anyway. If he has what it takes, he can very well go after the Carters!” Karen didn’t care what Lucas would think. She just felt the huge pinch.

“Oh, by the way, Cheyenne, didn’t Bryce say that he would let us back into the Carter family as long as we gave him those items? Does this mean that we don’t have to leave the Carter family now? Now that he has taken them away, go to your grandfather and inform him about this.” Karen suddenly urged while grabbing Cheyenne’s arm.

Cheyenne shook Karen’s hand off and said coldly, “If you want to go back, go ask them yourself.”

After saying this, she took Amelia’s hand and left.

All the things that the Carters had done before had completely shattered Cheyenne’s heart. She would definitely not go back to the Carter family!

“Hey, you’re defying me, huh?” Karen complained before turning to look at Charlotte. “Charlotte...”

Without letting her finish, Charlotte interrupted, “Whoever wants to go back can ask themselves. Anyway, I’m not going to go back to that family.” She then left with a look of annoyance.

William ignored Karen and headed back inside quietly with a somber expression.

In the entire courtyard, only Karen remained, sitting on the floor and lamenting endlessly about her miserable life.

Lucas soon caught wind of everything that happened at the residence.

He stared expressionlessly into the distance, the corners of his lips curling up into a faint cold smile. “Since you Carters have a death wish, I’ll grant you your wish.”





Chapter 47: Drastic Change in the Carter Family




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Bryce returned to the Carter main residence in the luxurious Lamborghini with the large box of cash, title deeds, and share transfer documents.

The Carters in the main residence gathered around Bryce, amazed and in awe at the luxurious car and the box with assets worth more than fifteen million dollars inside. They praised Bryce incessantly too.

“Bryce is really something. He managed to bring so many things home. The Carters are going to make a comeback again soon!”

“He’s indeed worthy of being Dominic’s biological grandson. He’s so capable! If Bryce takes over the family in the future, we can all rest assured!”

“Not bad, not bad. Bryce has always been outstanding since he was a child. He’s definitely cut out for achieving great things. He’s becoming more and more capable now, isn’t he?”

The flattering words and compliments of the Carters made Bryce feel like he was on cloud nine. Dominic was also grinning widely, extremely satisfied with Bryce, his grandson.

“Bryce, you’ve done well. In the future, I can rest assured handing the family over to you.” Dominic patted Bryce on the shoulder.

Bryce hurriedly said modestly, “Thank you, Grandpa. I will definitely work harder in the future and never let you down!”

At this happy moment, a member of the family suddenly dashed in nervously. “Bad news! Something terrible happened!”

“What’s wrong? Why are you so flustered?!” Bryce glared angrily at the person who suddenly ran in and ruined the atmosphere.

“The people from the factories informed us that all the factories belonging to the Carter Corporation have been closed allegedly due to violations during the manufacturing process and rectifications have to be made! The finance department has also received a notice saying that the financial risk of our corporation is too high, so we have to repay all the loans we’ve made by the end of today! Otherwise, we will be sued, and we will have to declare bankruptcy and begin the liquidation procedures!”

This news was a bolt out of the blue and like a bomb instantly dropped on everyone’s head!

Dominic’s expression changed drastically, and he stood up abruptly. “How did this happen?!”

Bryce’s face was also extraordinarily gloomy. “All of this happened too suddenly. Someone must be trying to attack the Carters!”

Since the Carters were in pursuit of maximum profit, it was definitely difficult for them to have factories achieve 100% compliance with all regulations during the manufacturing process. Thus, if someone deliberately tried to check on them, they would definitely succeed. But usually, even if there were inspections, those who were close to the Carters would inform them in advance, and their factories wouldn’t be closed straight away.

Besides, who knew when the rectification would take place?

There would be massive losses incurred and enormous problems resulting from the shutdown of the factories for a day. Besides, they didn’t know how long the shutdown was going to last.

Although the Carters’ businesses hadn’t been flourishing lately, they felt that there must have been more reasons for the bank to demand all loans be repaid within a day.

While Bryce was angry, Dominic thought about it carefully. “Bryce, hurry up and call Mr. Shaw to find out what’s going on in the factories and if it’s possible to get some leeway through connections. Hurry and call the bank too.”

Bryce hurriedly made several phone calls, but unfortunately, Mr. Shaw didn’t answer at all. Furthermore, the bank only gave them cold replies and claimed that the financial risk of the Carter Corporation was proven too high after some assessment, and so the loans had to be repaid.

The news made the Carters look even more dismayed.

Mr. Shaw used to have a very close relationship with the Carters. But this time, he not only did not notify in advance but also refused to answer their calls. Clearly, someone whom Mr. Shaw dared not offend was involved in the closure of the factories this time.

The issue of the bank loans made them even more anxious.

The capital turnover of the Carters was dependent on bank loans to a large extent. The cash they had on hand was far from enough for them to repay the loans, and even if they included the assets that Bryce had just brought home, there still wouldn’t be enough.

After all, of all the items in the box, only the million dollars in cash was usable. The administrative procedures for the title deeds and the luxury car hadn’t been settled yet.

While the Carters were at a loss, they were struck with a greater blow!

The head of the finance department of the Carter Corporation dashed in, his forehead covered in sweat. “Oh dear, Chairman, many partner companies have asked to terminate their contracts with us. We can’t dissuade them at all! Now, there are many people gathered in front of the company, demanding to terminate their contracts with us and for us to pay off our debts!”

Dominic sat down on the sofa with a loud thump, pale as a sheet. “All of you, go and find out who’s the one getting up to such tricks behind our backs!”

After he ordered coldly, the Carters dared not idle about any longer and made countless calls.

“Hello, Mr. Wilson. I’m calling from the Carter Corporation. Our contract with your company... Damn it! He hung up!”

“Hello, Mr. White. I’d like to ask about our contract... Hello? Hello!”

...

The people in charge of various partner companies immediately hung up after hearing the Carters’ questions.

After great effort, they finally got some information from a company they used to cooperate with often.

“Don’t blame me. The Carters offended a big shot and got us into trouble too,” Mr. Evans said helplessly.

Dominic’s heart dropped, and he hurriedly grabbed the phone. “Mr. Evans, on my account, can you tell me which big shot the Carters have offended?”

Mr. Evans sighed. “Mr. Carter, it’s not that I don’t want to tell you, but I really don’t know. We also received a phone call from someone who said that our company would be in trouble if we didn’t terminate our cooperation with you! Don’t think I’m fearmongering or trying to lie to you. You’ll find out if you ask others.”

Mr. Evans hung up without saying anything further.

Dominic and the other Carters all had dismal expressions.

There was no longer a need to make more phone calls to confirm. The fact that that big shot could cause their factories to cease production and have the bank demand repayment of all their loans within a day meant that they were definitely powerful.

However, even after racking their brains, they still couldn’t figure out how they had offended a big shot.

While remaining silent, Dominic suddenly looked at the box that Bryce had brought home.

The lid of the box was open, revealing the stacks of pink banknotes, as well as the large stack of supporting documents.

Dominic suddenly thought of something and inhaled sharply before slapping Bryce on his face. “Sinner, it’s all your fault!”

Bryce was dumbstruck by the loud and sudden slap!

It took him a long time to react. Covering his face aggrievedly, he asked, “Grandpa, what wrong did I commit?”





Chapter 48: Seek Her Forgiveness




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Dominic pointed at the box furiously. “Are you still clueless? What did you say in front of that family yesterday? Right after you snatched this box of items from them today, our factories had to close, and production lines had to cease for rectification. The bank even demanded repayment of all our loans, and so many of our partner companies are asking to terminate their contracts with us. Think about it. Who did we offend?”

Bryce froze immediately.

After thinking through the events of the past two days, Bryce blinked and asked in disbelief, “Grandpa, are you saying that Ethan Sawyer did these things?”

Dominic said with displeasure, “Who else could it be? It has been quite peaceful at home these days, but ever since you brought your people there to snatch this box from them, terrible things have been happening one after another. This is definitely a warning from the Sawyers because we took away the gifts meant for Charlotte Carter.”

Only then did Bryce realize that the Sawyers had been watching Charlotte’s family!

He covered his hot and flushed face, feeling extremely aggrieved.

He wasn’t the one who suggested going to Cheyenne’s home to snatch the betrothal gifts from them in the first place. Besides, they had all given their approval beforehand. Yet now, they were blaming him.

“Anyway, since you’ve made a grave mistake by bringing this box here, you have to solve this matter.” Ignoring Bryce’s displeasure, Dominic instructed with a stern expression, “Send these items back. You must seek Charlotte’s forgiveness so that the Sawyers will let us off. Otherwise, it’ll be over for the Carters!”

Despite his reluctance, Bryce had no choice but to go and look for Charlotte.

He searched for a long time before finding out that Charlotte had gone to work at the Stardust Corporation today. But unfortunately, he was stopped at the entrance of the Stardust Corporation office, as security wouldn’t let him in.

“My cousin is working in your company. I’m urgently looking for her!”

Remaining unmoved, the security officer said, “You can give her a call and ask her to come out. Anyway, you’re not an employee of our company nor a client, so you are not allowed to go in.”

Bryce was furious.

He had called Charlotte countless times, but all his calls were rejected. He didn’t know if Charlotte had blocked him or not, but he couldn’t contact her at all.

Otherwise, why would he go to the Stardust Corporation to stop Charlotte from leaving?

“Please leave immediately. Do not disrupt the order of our office,” the chief security officer warned.

Bryce was frustrated and anxious. He really wanted to barge in, but he was at the Stardust Corporation office, and he dared not offend them.

At this moment, just as he was about to ignore the security officers and dash into the office building, the eagle-eyed Bryce spotted a familiar figure walking over.

That familiar figure was Lucas!

Bryce was extremely indignant as he rushed forward to stop Lucas. Then he yelled at the security officers, “This person isn’t one of your employees either. Why aren’t you stopping him?”

What surprised Bryce even more was that after the security officers saw Lucas, they actually bowed in unison. “Mr. Gray, welcome.”

Lucas nodded indifferently, glanced at Bryce, and then raised his brows a little.

Since Lucas was stopped by the security officers at the entrance when he came to the Stardust Corporation office previously, the general manager, Flynn Davis, had fired all of them. Afterward, the security officers saw Davis accompanying Lucas to the top floor of the office building and also received orders from Davis that no one was to stop Lucas from entering again.

Therefore, although all of them were clueless about Lucas’s identity, they dared not offend him and were very respectful toward him because they thought that he was at least a client whom Davis valued greatly.

Bryce was almost stunned speechless, but he was still indignant. “What right does he have to enter? He’s just a live-in son-in-law of the Carters, a useless good-for-nothing! Why is he allowed to enter, but I’m not?”

Lucas sneered, unbothered by Bryce.

The chief security officer hurriedly stopped Bryce. “This is the Stardust Corporation. If you want to kick up a ruckus and deliberately cause trouble, don’t blame us for getting nasty!”

Unwilling to concede, Bryce snapped, “You condescending security officers, I’m going to lodge a complaint against you for being biased!”

The chief security officer sneered. “Mr. Gray is an important client of Mr. Davis. Who are you? Hurry up and get lost.”

A few of them came over from the side and surrounded Bryce to shoo him away from Lucas, lest he collided into Lucas recklessly.

“Him? Important client? You guys must have been fooled by this good-for-nothing!” Bryce clamored and reached out in a bid to grab Lucas. “Lucas, you loser, get your ass over here!”

Lucas frowned in annoyance while the alert chief security officer immediately said, “Mr. Gray, please go inside and let us handle the matter here.”

Lucas nodded and turned around to leave.

The new chief security officer Davis hired was indeed much more reliable than the previous one.

Behind him, a couple of security officers dragged Bryce far away and then threw him onto the ground.

Lucas broke Bryce’s arm previously, and it hadn’t healed completely yet. After being flung onto the ground, he immediately shrieked in pain, but no one cared about him.

Bryce cursed incessantly. But he didn’t dare go to the entrance of the Stardust Corporation office building again. He had no choice but to stand at a spot far away, all the way until he saw Charlotte coming out of the building after getting off work.

“Charlotte! Just got off work, huh?” Bryce exclaimed affectionately as he approached her.

“What are you doing here?” Charlotte detested Bryce greatly. In the morning, he had just snatched their belongings away. What was he doing again at the entrance of her office?

“Charlotte, it’s my fault for what happened this morning. I hereby apologize to you! Actually, I just wanted to crack a joke with you. I’ve already returned the car and the box of things. I really have!” Bryce swore while patting his chest and feeling immense heartache deep down.

However, Charlotte didn’t buy it at all. “A joke? How amusing. Why don’t I stab you with a knife and then tell you that it was just a joke? Also, we’ve already been kicked out by the Carters, so you’re not my cousin. We have nothing to do with each other anymore.”

Charlotte stepped forward and was about to leave, but Bryce hurriedly rushed forward to stop her. “Charlotte, we are at least relatives. You won’t be so cruel as to leave us in the lurch, right?”

“What do you mean?” Charlotte frowned and looked at him.

Bryce gritted his teeth. “We are all from the Carter family. I know I was wrong for doing what I did in the morning. Please have mercy and let us off, alright?”





Chapter 49: Personal Visit




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Bryce’s words caught Charlotte by surprise.

“What’s up with the Sawyers? And what happened to the Carters?”

Bryce looked at Charlotte, unconvinced that she was clueless about what happened. “We’re a family, so there’s no need to pretend, is there? Right after I came home from your place, our factories were forced to close and stop production lines for rectification. The bank even wants us to repay all of our loans by the end of today. And almost all the companies we have cooperations with have asked to terminate their partnership contracts with us. We really can’t hold on any longer!”

Bryce wiped his tears. “I know I was wrong to have taken your gifts, and that’s the reason the Sawyers are offended. I really know my mistakes! Charlotte, please help us beg for forgiveness from the Sawyers and ask them to let us off!”

Only then did Charlotte find out what had happened to the Carters. However, to be honest, Charlotte felt thrilled to see how miserable the Carters seemed to be, according to Bryce.

“Hah, I can only say that you people deserve it. If you keep doing evil, you will end up harming yourselves one day,” Charlotte said without emotion.

“Also, don’t come looking for me. I’ve already said this morning that the box of gifts wasn’t for me but Lucas. Even if you want to get someone to plead for mercy on your behalf, you’ve found the wrong person.”

“You... are you really that heartless?” Bryce glared at Charlotte with a menacing expression.

Charlotte was so frightened that she hurriedly scurried away after saying, “Anyway, don’t come looking for me.”

Bryce stared at her figure from behind with a vicious gaze.

Since Bryce returned home after a fruitless trip, he naturally had to face the music from Dominic.

“Have I been overindulging you? You can’t even get such a trivial matter done right! You’re so disappointing!” At this moment, the Carters were facing a huge crisis, and Dominic was so anxious that he started being hostile to his grandson, whom he usually doted on.

Bryce clenched his fist and tried to argue. “Grandpa, I stayed put at the entrance of Charlotte Carter’s workplace for the entire day, but she refused to budge and even said that those gifts were meant for Lucas, not her. She was obviously just trying to fool me!”

“That’s your problem too! Anyway, if you can’t deal with Charlotte Carter, don’t come back to see me again! Wastrel!”

After being scolded harshly by his grandfather, he turned around and left the house, feeling frustrated and upset.

“Dominic, the Larsons are insistent on terminating their cooperation with our company!”

“Chairman, the president of ICBC Bank refuses to give in, and he insists that we have to repay the loans by the end of today, or we will be sued...”

“We went around trying to raise funds, but to no avail. They all hung up after hearing our names...”

“The Sawyers refuse to communicate with us, and they simply said that they’re in no place to make a decision because Ethan Sawyer is not in town.”

As he heard these pieces of bad news, Dominic’s face grew increasingly downcast, and he couldn’t sit still at all.

After thinking about it, he made up his mind. He decided to swallow his pride and personally go to William Carter’s home.

Dominic’s sudden visit made William and Karen extremely nervous.

Over the years, Dominic had never visited them, and they wondered if this time...

William and Karen didn’t enjoy peace this night as well.

Bright early in the morning, Bryce had brought his men over and snatched away their chest of treasures worth more than fifteen million dollars. Karen wanted her daughters to beg Dominic to let them return to the Carter family. However, they hadn’t returned yet.

In the afternoon, Bryce suddenly returned the box of gifts and the car, claiming to have made a mistake. William and Karen were bewildered, and they wondered what he had up his sleeve.

In the evening, Dominic personally visited them, which was rather rare.

W-what’s going on? Is he here to take back the house or the box of gifts?

Karen and William watched as Dominic entered. They were so nervous that they had no idea where to place their hands.

“Dad, you...” William said carefully.

To his surprise, Dominic was not as austere as he usually was. Instead, there was a smile on his face. “William, it’s been hard on you staying in such a small house. Tomorrow, move back in with us. I’ll pick out a nice house for you.”

William and Karen glared at him in disbelief. Is... Dominic Carter letting us move back in?

The Carters owned a large cluster of mansions where all the direct descendants of the Carter family lived. However, due to the fact that William was not blood-related to the Carters, they were singled out and made to live in this old and shabby residence, where they had stayed for decades.

Yet Dominic is asking us to go back now?!

Seemingly thinking that it wasn’t enough, Dominic Carter said, “Moreover, William has been idling at home for such a long time. I’ll arrange for you to take on a role in the company. Go to work tomorrow! Karen, if you’re willing, I can arrange for you to work in the company too. You don’t have to go to the office, but you will be paid accordingly.”

“R-really?!” Karen and William were overjoyed.

To be able to work at the Carters’ company was simply their dream for many years!

Previously, they also wanted to enter the company countless times. But unfortunately, the Carters never gave them the chance.

Today, Dominic visited them personally and even announced such a good piece of news that they had never dared to imagine!

All of a sudden, the two of them felt like they were in a dream. William was gazing at Dominic with tears in his eyes. It turns out Dominic Carter still treats me like his son after all!

At this moment, Cheyenne entered through the door while holding Amelia’s hand.

When she saw Dominic sitting in the living room, she couldn’t help but widen her eyes in surprise, while beside her, Amelia was even staring at him curiously.

Forcing himself to smile kindly, Dominic asked, “Cheyenne, you’re back. This is your daughter, right?”

It was actually funny. Dominic had always disliked Cheyenne and Amelia because of her scandal back then, and he even forbade her from bringing Amelia to the office and the main residence. So this was Dominic’s first time seeing Amelia and talking to her, even though she was already five years old.

“Amelia, quick, greet him. This is your great-grandfather,” Karen hurriedly urged.

Amelia blinked, cowered beside Cheyenne, and said fearfully, “I’m scared of this grandpa.”

After she said that, everyone’s faces turned gloomy.





Chapter 50: Go and Plead for Mercy




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

When Dominic heard Amelia’s words, he was naturally displeased, as evidenced by his frown.

Meanwhile, Karen and William were afraid that Amelia’s words would make Dominic upset with them.

“Amelia, what are you saying?! He’s your great-grandfather. Quickly greet him properly!” Karen yelled at Amelia.

Amelia gripped Cheyenne’s clothes even more tightly, refusing to go over.

Children were extremely sensitive to the emotions of others. Although Dominic was smiling, Amelia saw the ferocious gaze in his eyes when he was glaring at her and her mom.

Seeing that Amelia refused to go over, Karen grabbed Amelia’s arm and pulled her over. “What’s the matter with you? You’re so young but already so rude. You’re not greeting your elders properly!”

“Mom!” Cheyenne immediately went forward to stop her, overwhelmed with anger. Amelia is still so young. She’s going to get hurt by being yanked so hard!

“She’s being rude to your grandfather. Why aren’t you hurrying to discipline her? Instead, you’re still defending her. You’ve spoiled her rotten!” Karen exclaimed at Cheyenne.

“I remember that we’ve already been disowned by the Carters. How is my grandfather and Amelia’s great-grandfather?” Cheyenne retorted coldly. She then picked Amelia up and headed upstairs.

She was truly speechless toward Dominic Carter.

“Cheyenne, it was indeed my fault for what happened before. It’s also my fault for causing you to harbor resentment toward me. I’m here today to apologize to you. Please forgive me!” Dominic’s old voice sounded from behind.

Cheyenne stopped in her tracks. Since when has Dominic Carter ever apologized to me in such a mellow manner?

She never remembered him ever doing so.

In an instant, all the numerous grievances and mistreatments that she had suffered began surfacing, making her tear up and feel a strong urge to cry her heart out.

Unfortunately, Dominic’s previous actions had long gotten rid of the familial affection she had toward him as a granddaughter. She had also gotten a clear look at his true colors.

The fact that he came to their home today and unexpectedly offered his apologies was really unlike Dominic Carter.

She felt that things were fishy and that he definitely had a hidden agenda.

Cheyenne got a grip on her emotions and carried Amelia upstairs quietly.

“Cheyenne!” Karen called out her name incessantly, but she ignored her and returned to her room.

“Uh, Dominic, I’m sorry. We’ve spoiled Cheyenne rotten, and she’s too insensible. Please don’t hold it against her,” Karen hurriedly explained.

Dominic took a deep breath and suppressed the anger in his heart before waving his hand and pretending to be sad. “I can’t blame her. I’m old, and my days are numbered. I’ve been strict to my children and grandchildren, all for their own good, but who knew... Ahhh!”

Seeing this, William immediately felt heartache and grabbed Dominic’s hand. “Dad, don’t say that. You’re healthy, and the Carter family needs you.”

The loving scene of an affectionate father and his son was taking place in the living room downstairs.

So when Charlotte came home, she was shocked to see the two of them talking to each other affectionately.

She couldn’t help but blink her eyes, wondering if her eyes were playing tricks on her.

“Charlotte, you’re finally back. Your grandfather has been waiting here for a long time!” Karen hurriedly took Charlotte’s hand and walked over.

Dominic’s eyes lit up, and he looked at Charlotte with a heartened look before saying warmly, “Charlotte used to be a little girl. In the blink of an eye, she has already become a beautiful young woman!”

When Charlotte heard this unprecedented praise from Dominic Carter, she was extremely surprised and disgusted at the same time.

“Save it. Just get straight to the point,” Charlotte said hostilely.

“Charlotte, watch your tone with your grandfather. What happened to your manners?” William berated Charlotte with a dark expression. What’s going on today? Dad finally made a trip here to ask us to move back in with the Carters, yet Cheyenne and Charlotte have been so hostile to him. What if he really gets angry?

Charlotte sneered. “Bryce Carter came to look for me this afternoon, and now it’s Grandpa’s turn. You guys can drop the pretense. I’ll get straight to it. I can’t fulfill Bryce’s request, so you’d better look for someone else.”

Karen looked bewildered. “What request? What’s going on?”

William had a furious expression. “What nonsense are you spouting? Your grandpa came here to ask us to go back to the Carter family. He also asked us to move back to the main residence and offered me a job at the Carter Corporation. Your grandpa is being so kind. Don’t upset him.”

William stated what happened explicitly, but he was also warning Charlotte, fearing that she might end up angering Dominic and causing him to change his mind.

After hearing this, Charlotte said sarcastically, “Oh, I see. Grandpa is here to throw a Trojan Horse at us! Indeed, he’s pulling the same tricks as Bryce. He first played the kinship card and then tried to lure me. No wonder he’s your grandson.”

After saying that, Charlotte ignored William’s paling face and continued, “Isn’t this just a trick you’re playing to get us to go to the Sawyers to plead for mercy so that they’ll let the Carters off?”

Karen and William both froze in shock for a moment.

Despite having been directly exposed by Charlotte, Dominic did not seem awkward at all and still continued pretending to be kind. “Charlotte, I know that we have some misunderstandings between us, but we’re still a family after all. I came here today because I’m really worried about you guys. I also have some things to ask of you. I’ve already punished Bryce for what he’s done today, and I guarantee he won’t do it again! Charlotte, just tell the Sawyers to be merciful and let us off! We will definitely treat you well in the future.”

After hearing what Dominic said, Karen and William realized that he was not here to catch up with them and reminisce about the past but to get Charlotte to go to plead with the Sawyers.

He chose Charlotte as his target naturally because he still thought that she was going to marry into the Sawyer family, and he was just trying to make up with them out of convenience.

Charlotte laughed self-deprecatingly. “What makes you think that the Sawyers will forgive you on my account? Who am I to influence the Sawyers?”

Dominic said anxiously, “Aren’t you the fiancée of Ethan Sawyer’s son? The Sawyers did that to us because they’re standing up for you. I just need you to explain to them that this is all just a misunderstanding, and things will be resolved soon.”

Charlotte smiled wryly. “What fiancée? Ethan Sawyer’s son has been married for a long time!”





Chapter 51: Siege




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After saying that, Charlotte felt extremely aggrieved too.

Which woman had never fantasized about marrying into a rich family, enjoying a privileged life of luxury, and being the subject of envy of everyone?

Charlotte was just an ordinary girl too. So when she suddenly received the huge betrothal gifts from the Sawyers, she was so elated that she didn’t even bother to find out what Ethan Sawyer’s son looked like and what his personality was like.

She had a sense of vanity too. And she was extremely pleased when she enjoyed the praises of her relatives and the looks of envy cast at her by the passersby when she was driving in her luxurious and comfortable Lamborghini.

She felt that a golden pie had fallen onto her lap and that her life was about to change drastically.

But who would have thought that it was all just a misunderstanding?!

At the Intercontinental Hotel the other day, Ethan Sawyer denied the matter right in her face, making her feel incredibly ashamed and embarrassed.

For the past few days, she had been extremely sad and aggrieved, but there was no one she could pour her feelings out to.

When saying those words in front of Dominic, Charlotte burst into tears, unable to hold them back and contain her sadness any longer.

“Ethan Sawyer’s son is already married?” Hearing this, Dominic was surprised too. “That’s not right. The words ‘betrothal gifts’ were clearly written on the list. They’re betrothal gifts all right! Did Ethan Sawyer propose on behalf of his son? Or is Charlotte going to be...”

Dominic did not say the words ‘second wife,’ but everyone was clear about what he was implying.

Charlotte didn’t catch what he meant and only heard the words ‘betrothal gifts.’

It turned out that they were really betrothal gifts, but not for her. Instead, they were meant for Cheyenne from Lucas.

Ironically, she even mocked Lucas and said that he would never be able to afford to give Cheyenne such expensive gifts. She even called him a loser and said that he ought to get out of the house. I was such a joke!

Karen rubbed her hands rather awkwardly. “Dominic, those betrothal gifts really weren’t for Charlotte. It was all just a misunderstanding.”

“Misunderstanding?!” Dominic Carter immediately lost his temper. He had already wasted several hours at their home and even got provoked, only to hear that it was all a misunderstanding and that Charlotte was not going to marry into the Sawyer family at all.

He stood up, stared at them with a hostile gaze, and roared, “How could you make a mistake with such an important matter?! Weren’t you very proud and conceited when you bragged about it in front of me before?! Huh? All you do is brag and show off, but you’re so useless at solving problems! You’re a bunch of garbage!

“I’m telling you, you people are the reason for the current situation that the Carters are facing! If you don’t hurry up and find a solution to get the Carters out of trouble, all of you will get it from me!”

In a moment of pique, Dominic left.

Karen chased after him and tried to make him stay, only to watch him get inside his car and leave. She was so furious that she stomped her feet nonstop at the door.

William was in a foul mood too. “What are you yelling for? He’s long gone.”

“Do you really think I care about him? I just want to ask him if he’s still going to let us move back in and work at the Carter Corporation,” Karen said.

William sneered. “Obviously not! Can’t you tell that he just came here to reminisce with us because the Carters are facing a huge crisis, and he wants us to go beg for leniency from the Sawyers?

“If we could have helped the Carters solve this crisis, he might have considered giving us some benefits such as giving us the house and jobs. However, now that we can’t help him, he’s obviously not going to care about us!”

Karen was rendered speechless by William’s snide remarks.

Indeed, if they were not useful to Dominic Carter, he would not even pay any attention to them.

However, William’s words just now gave Karen some inspiration. She clapped her hands and said excitedly, “Right! It’s not impossible. If we can help the Carters solve this crisis, Dominic Carter will definitely be very grateful to us and value us highly. He’ll give us the house and jobs in the company too. He might even hand the entire family over to you!”

William looked at Karen like he was staring at an idiot and gibed, “What are you dreaming about? The Carters must have come to us as a last resort. What makes you think we can solve a problem that so many people can’t? Do you still think we’re in-laws of the Sawyers? Do you think we haven’t embarrassed ourselves enough?”

Karen actually didn’t feel that she had embarrassed herself in front of Ethan Sawyer back then because it was just a misunderstanding. However, it was indeed a shame that she couldn’t become the Sawyers’ in-laws, and indeed, she didn’t have a say.

The two of them were so focused on complaining that they didn’t even notice that Charlotte had left the house at some point.

Feeling upset and dejected, Charlotte didn’t want to continue staying at home and listening to her parents complain. However, since she had nowhere else to go, she called her best friend, Sophie Turner.

“Sophie, I feel so terrible. Come out for some drinks with me.”

When Sophie arrived at the bar they agreed to meet at, Charlotte had already downed several glasses of wine and was tipsy.

There were many men next to her, staring at Charlotte without any restraint. From time to time, there would be people coming over to hit on her. Even after being rejected by Charlotte, they refused to leave and continued surrounding her and flirting with her.

Extremely worried for her, Sophie dashed forward to pull Charlotte away.

“Sophie, you’re here! I want to drink.” Charlotte opened her reddened eyes to look at her best friend.

“Okay, we’ll go to my house and drink. Let’s buy more liquor, and you can drink to your heart’s content.” Sophie hurriedly tried to coax Charlotte and helped her out of the bar.

The duo were about to get into the car when a man suddenly rushed out from the side and stopped them at the entrance.

“Charlotte! You must help me! Just go to the Sawyers and put in some good words for us. It’s very simple! I know I’ve done wrong things before, and I hereby apologize to you! If you don’t help, the Carters will be doomed, and Grandpa will kill me! Just help me out this time!” Bryce exclaimed anxiously as he grabbed Charlotte’s hand, his breath smelling like alcohol.

After being berated and driven out by Dominic in the afternoon, Bryce had some drinks with a few friends. However, if he couldn’t get Charlotte to agree to beg for mercy from the Sawyers, his grandfather wouldn’t let him step foot back inside the house. Thus, he tracked down Charlotte and tried to stop her again.

“Go away! I already told you, don’t look for me for this matter!” Charlotte opened her eyes and shot Bryce a look of disgust. All of these people keep coming to me, but what’s the point of that? I have nothing to do with the Sawyers!

Bryce went forward and still wanted to say something, but Sophie hurriedly shoved Charlotte into the car, started the engine, and quickly drove away.

Bryce stared at the car from behind with a menacing expression. “Since you’ve decided to be ruthless, then don’t blame me!”





Chapter 52: Abduction




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

While driving, Sophie looked at Charlotte’s reflection in the rearview mirror and asked worriedly when she saw how unwell Charlotte seemed, “Charlotte, did something happen?”

Charlotte shook her head as teardrops rolled down her cheeks. She wiped her eyes and forced a crestfallen smile. “Nah, I’m just in low spirits today. I’ll be fine after a while.”

Sophie felt that it would be inappropriate to ask further and decided to probe again when they returned home. She felt upset seeing how dejected her best friend was.

While Sophie was driving on a secluded road, a Hummer suddenly sped over from the intersection ahead and collided into the passenger side of her car.

Bang! With a loud collision, Sophie’s car was forced to come to a halt as glass shattered all over the place.

Charlotte passed out under the impact.

“Charlotte!” Sophie was feeling dizzy as she anxiously tried to check on Charlotte’s condition while picking up her phone to call the police.

But at this moment, the doors of the Hummer that crashed into her car opened, and several burly men who didn’t seem like decent people opened the passenger door beside Charlotte.

“What are you doing?!” Sophie yelled in horror, but a hand reached in through the window and smacked her on her neck, causing her to pass out immediately.

Meanwhile, several people pulled Charlotte out of the car and carried her into the Hummer.

Soon, the Hummer restarted and quickly disappeared in the darkness of the night.

Amid the dark shadows in the distance, the dim flickering lights lit up a parked car and Bryce’s face, making him look extremely terrifying. “Charlotte Carter, you forced me into this. After you end up in the same state as your sister, I’ll see how you can still be arrogant in front of me!”

The secluded street was empty, and the car, which had been destroyed beyond recognition due to the collision, remained stationary in a corner quietly.

After a while, Sophie regained consciousness, and when she opened her eyes to see the ruined car, she finally recalled what had happened earlier. In a panic, she frantically looked around.

The passenger seat was empty, the car door was open, and there were shards of glass scattered all over the ground. Charlotte was nowhere to be found.

“Charlotte!”

——

At this moment, Cheyenne had tucked Amelia in at home and was mulling over and over about the things that happened over the past few days. However, there was only silence in Charlotte’s room.

Cheyenne knocked on the door, but there was no sound inside. “Charlotte, are you there?”

She knocked again and turned the knob to open the door, only to see that Charlotte’s room was empty.

She frowned. It’s almost eleven. Isn’t she home yet?

Karen was wearing her pajamas and munching on some snacks in the living room downstairs.

“Mom, where did Charlotte go? Is she not at home?”

“Oh, she’s not?” Karen finally noticed that her youngest daughter was not at home, but she didn’t take it too seriously. She simply said nonchalantly, “She must have gone to her friend’s.”

Cheyenne was speechless and was about to call her sister to ask when her phone suddenly rang.

When Cheyenne picked up the phone, she heard Sophie crying on the other end. “Cheyenne, bad news! Cheyenne is in trouble!”

Cheyenne’s face instantly paled!

——

At this moment, Lucas was sitting in the back seat of a Jaguar sedan and listening to Jordan report some information that he had found from asking around lately. All of a sudden, his phone rang. It was a call from Cheyenne.

When he saw that Cheyenne was actually taking the initiative to call him, his face could not help but look gentler as he answered. “Cheyenne...”

“Lucas, Charlotte has been kidnapped. What should we do? Do you have a way to save her?” As soon as the call went through, he heard Cheyenne’s flustered voice.

Lucas’s face grew stern immediately. “Don’t panic. Talk to me slowly. Where did she get kidnapped? Did anyone see?”

Under Lucas’s calm asking, Cheyenne told him everything that Sophie had just told her, including, of course, Dominic’s visit and the fact that Bryce had approached Charlotte twice but was rejected by her.

After hearing her words, Lucas had a vague guess.

He comforted, “Cheyenne, don’t be too anxious. Just stay at home and wait. Don’t go anywhere. I’m going to search for Charlotte now. I’ll definitely bring her home safely.”

After hanging up, Lucas said to Jordan, who was driving, with a cold and grave expression, “Turn around. We’re going to the Carters’.”

Hearing Lucas’s icy-cold voice, Jordan couldn’t help but feel his heart palpitate. “Yes, Lucas!”

In the Carters’ main residence...

Dominic was pacing back and forth in a room in frustration.

Usually, he would have long begun resting. But now that the Carters were facing a crisis, he was overwrought and full of anxiety, so he wasn’t the least bit sleepy at all.

Seeing that it was already 11 p.m. and that there was only an hour to go before the deadline for the loan repayment, he felt incredibly flustered. However, he had already resorted to all solutions and tried to contact his old friends for help, but to no avail.

Are the Carters going to be ruined just like that? No, I can’t let that happen!

While Dominic was thinking about how he could send some expensive gifts and have a chat with the director of the bank tomorrow, he heard loud banging, clattering, and some shrieks coming from downstairs.

He immediately flew into a rage. He pulled open the door and yelled, “What’s the commotion about?!”

However, when Dominic saw the situation downstairs, his eyes suddenly widened in horror.

The tall and luxurious gate of the Carter residence had already been deformed from violent kicking, and there were pieces of tempered glass scattered all over the floor. There were also more than ten people lying on the ground, all of whom were Carter family members and security officers.

Only one person stood in the center of the hall, exuding a fearful aura.

“Who are you? Why did you suddenly barge into the Carter residence?” Dominic’s heart was thumping fast as he mustered the courage to ask.

This person raised his head, revealing a familiar face.

“It’s you?!” Dominic received a great fright, after which he flew into a rage. How dare Cheyenne Carter’s loser husband barge into my home?! Does he really think we’re pushovers?

“Security! Hurry up and get this person out of here!” Dominic hollered.

Lucas remained unfazed.

Jordan stayed outside. Many people had already passed out on the ground.

“Where’s Bryce Carter? Get him to come out,” Lucas said coldly.

Dominic flew into a rage. “Who are you to call my grandson’s name directly, you good-for-nothing?”

Before he could finish his words, his vision blurred, and Lucas immediately vanished. In the blink of an eye, he already reached Dominic and was choking him.

“I don’t have the patience to listen to your nonsense. Where is Bryce Carter?!”





Chapter 53: Questioning to Find Her Whereabouts




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Lucas was so fast that he appeared at the top of the stairs in the blink of an eye and strangled Dominic Carter.

Dominic was greatly shocked, and he tried hard to move Lucas’s hand away, but to no avail.

“Y-you...” As soon as he started speaking, Lucas tightened his grip on his neck and interrupted him.

Lucas coldly looked at Dominic’s face that was gradually turning red. “I’m going to make things clear first. If anything really happens to Charlotte, the Carters will die along with her!”

For the first time in his life, Dominic felt the threat of death. Facing the stern and grave-faced young man, he felt that his life was in danger!

There was a trace of fear in Dominic’s cloudy eyes!

Lucas flicked his hand, and Dominic immediately slammed into the wall like a rag.

Covering his throat with his hand, Dominic coughed hard several times before he could catch his breath.

He looked at Lucas with his eyes full of resentment and fear.

Lucas glanced at him, and Dominic immediately looked away in fright. “I-I don’t know where Bryce is.”

“Call him and tell him to bring Charlotte back in one piece. If she’s wounded, I’ll kill him!”

“How dare you!” At the door, a woman glared at Lucas furiously. “If a cheap person like you dares to touch Bryce, I’ll kill you...”

Before she could finish her words, Jordan kicked her downstairs and sent her flying far away. She passed out on the spot without even uttering another word.

“How dare you be rude to Lucas. You’ve got a death wish!” Jordan roared furiously.

Lucas was the god in Jordan’s heart, and he would never allow anyone to insult him.

If Lucas hadn’t instructed him not to kill anyone earlier, this woman would have died just now.

Jordan’s fierceness instantly subdued all those still wanting to resist, and they all looked at Lucas with fear in their eyes.

Dominic looked at Lucas’s expressionless face, swallowed a mouthful of saliva, and then took out his phone to call Bryce with shaky fingers.

——

At this moment, Bryce was sitting in a club called ‘Luxe’ and smiling lewdly at a burly man with the unconscious Charlotte lying beside them on the couch.

“Mr. Douglas, my cousin is quite pretty, isn’t she?” Bryce asked with a subservient smile.

The person addressed as Mr. Douglas stretched his fingers out and pinched Charlotte’s face. Feeling the tenderness of her flesh, he nodded in satisfaction. “She’s indeed very beautiful. But kid, you’re really ruthless, huh? You’re willing to give your cousin away.”

“It’s all for you, Mr. Douglas. Besides, this girl is really recalcitrant, and I’m just teaching her a lesson,” Bryce hurriedly said.

If not for the fact that he and Charlotte were cousins in name, and it would be inappropriate if word were to get out, he would have bedded Charlotte right away instead of getting Mr. Douglas to do it.

Anyway, his intention was just to take some explicit photos and videos of Charlotte before using them to threaten her into pleading with the Sawyers for him.

“Hmph, not bad. Don’t worry. As long as this girl serves me well tonight, I’ll definitely offer you some benefits in the future,” said Douglas, acting as if he was showing him some kindness.

“Alright, thank you so much, Mr. Douglas! I won’t get in your way then. Just send me the photos and videos later,” Bryce said gleefully.

“Hurry up and get lost.” After saying that, he eagerly rushed to rip off Charlotte’s clothes.

Charlotte suddenly retched and vomited.

She had drunk a lot of alcohol in the bar alone just now, and so she threw up while lying on the couch. Not only did she soil her own clothes, but her vomit also caused the entire private room to be full of the pungent stench of vomit.

“Shit!” Douglas hurriedly dodged in annoyance.

“Mr. Douglas, don’t worry. I’ll get someone to come and clean her up immediately. Please go to another room. I’ll send her to the new room as soon as possible!” Bryce hurriedly got two service attendants to come and take Charlotte away to clean her up.

At this moment, he received a call from Dominic.

“Bryce, where are you? What exactly did you do to Charlotte? Hurry up and bring her back!” Dominic hurriedly yelled as soon as the call connected.

On the other hand, Bryce exclaimed with excitement, “Grandpa, don’t worry. I will complete the task you’ve given me as soon as possible. I’ll get Charlotte to plead with the Sawyers!”

Bryce’s words made Dominic feel like he had plunged into ice while Lucas’s gaze turned icy cold.

“Bastard! Hurry up and bring her back. Do you hear me? Otherwise, both of us will die a miserable death!” Dominic hollered at the top of his lungs.

From the moment Lucas came to his door to ask about Bryce and Charlotte’s whereabouts, Dominic had already had an ominous premonition.

If Bryce really did something horrid to Charlotte, Dominic was certain that Lucas would really kill them!

At this moment, Dominic was truly terrified and could only pray that his grandson hadn’t done anything outrageous yet.

However, Bryce was extremely indignant. He had already reached the crucial point of his plan, and Mr. Douglas was already waiting. He couldn’t just bring Charlotte home.

“Grandpa, Charlotte is with Mr. Douglas at the Luxe. She won’t be back tonight. Just stay out of it. Anyway, I will definitely complete the task and get her to go to the Sawyers!”

After saying that, Bryce hung up directly without waiting for Dominic to continue speaking.

“Hello? Bryce! Bryce!” Dominic shouted into the phone several times and even tried to call him again. Unfortunately, Bryce hung up right away, and he could no longer reach him.

Dominic’s body shivered. He could clearly sense the terrifying aura coming from Lucas.

“Since your grandson is seeking his own death, then you can’t blame me.” Lucas turned around and left.

“Wait!” Dominic was shocked and hurriedly shouted. “Please let him go. He’s still insensible...”

“Insensible?” Lucas turned around and continued in an icy cold voice. “He’s much older than Charlotte and Cheyenne!”

“If anything really happens to Charlotte, wait to collect his corpse!”

Lucas stopped bothering to listen to Dominic’s nonsense and led Jordan straight out of the Carters’ home.

“Head to the Luxe as fast as you can!” Lucas ordered Jordan after getting in the car.

“Yes, Lucas!”

The black Jaguar instantly disappeared into the darkness of the night like a swift cheetah.





Chapter 54: The Luxe




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

In a certain corner of the lobby on the first floor of the Luxe, Bryce was holding a scantily clad escort. Usually, he would have flirted with her merrily, but today, he was rather distracted.

Bryce reckoned that Charlotte should have already been cleaned and sent to Mr. Douglas’s room by now. But the photos and videos he wanted hadn’t been sent to him yet, so he felt uneasy.

Besides, for some reason, Dominic’s voice made him feel vaguely agitated.

“Damn it! What am I feeling so agitated for?! When I get those photos tomorrow and force that bitch Charlotte to go to the Sawyers to put in a good word for us... Or else the Carters will end up with nothing!”

Bryce clenched his teeth, grabbed the beautiful woman beside him forcefully, and raised his head to down a glass of alcohol.

At this moment, the black Jaguar sped toward the Luxe and came to a halt at the entrance after a sharp drift. Two figures got out of the car and hurriedly stepped into the club.

Bryce happened to be facing the direction of the door, and when he saw Lucas enter, he couldn’t help but be shocked. “Lucas? Good-for-nothing, do you actually have the money to come to a place like the Luxe?”

Then he smiled joyously. “Hmph, does that stupid bitch Cheyenne know that her loser husband is spending her money on fooling around? Tsk, tsk.”

At this moment, Bryce’s phone rang again. It was a call from Dominic. He initially wanted to reject it, but thinking that the task was about to be completed, he decided that it was time to break the good news to him.

“Hello, Grandpa. Don’t worry. The deed is almost done. Once I get hold of the video and photos of Charlotte Carter, we won’t be afraid that she won’t listen to us!”

Dominic froze. When he finally realized what Bryce was thinking, he was so furious that his face flushed. “You bastard! Who told you to do that to Charlotte? Do you really have a death wish?!”

Hearing how furious and anxious his grandfather was, Bryce thought that he must have misunderstood something. So he hurriedly explained, “Grandpa, I didn’t do it. I gave her to Mr. Douglas at the Luxe. After he’s done with her, he’ll send me the videos and photos. This matter will then be completed!”

Previously, with Dominic’s approval, he had also colluded with outsiders to set Cheyenne up. Bryce felt that there must be something wrong this time. Besides, the Carters’ crisis would be resolved soon, and he reckoned that Dominic would be glad about it.

To his astonishment, Dominic was not happy to hear the news and instead lost his temper. “You’re really going to be the death of me! Hurry up and bring Charlotte back in one piece!”

Bryce said in displeasure, “Grandpa, she’s already been sent to Mr. Douglas’s room. How can I bring her back?”

Dominic was so furious that he almost vomited blood. “Hurry up and leave then! Lucas is rushing over to your side. Don’t let him find you, got it?”

Bryce finally realized that Lucas was not here to have fun but to look for Charlotte. That’s interesting. The Luxe belongs to Mr. Douglas. If Lucas tries to look for Charlotte here, he naturally won’t be able to take her away. Besides, Mr. Douglas will definitely make sure that he won’t be able to bear the consequences of creating trouble here.

Bryce suddenly got excited and exclaimed, “Grandpa, Lucas is already here. Hehe, I have to go and watch the fun. I hope Mr. Douglas beats him into a pulp. I’ll get to take revenge for my broken wrist!”

After saying that, Bryce quickly hung up, eager to see how badly Lucas had been beaten up.

“Hello! Hello!” Dominic yelled while holding his phone and trembling incessantly in exasperation. You’re going to be the death of me! If Lucas nabs him, Bryce will be in huge trouble!

Bryce was Dominic’s only grandson, whom he regarded as the successor of the Carter family. If something were to happen to him, what was he supposed to do?!

While Dominic was anxious, Lucas and Jordan had already rushed straight to the fourth floor of the Luxe, which was the VIP area, but were stopped by several security officers.

“I’m sorry, gentlemen. Only VIP guests of the club can enter this floor.”

Lucas ignored him while Jordan stepped forward and barked, “Where are Brad Douglas and that woman he brought with him?”

The security officers looked at each other. His tone is so hostile. Is he here to create trouble?

The burly men at the side immediately surrounded Jordan after hearing his words.

These burly men were professional fighters who worked for Douglas. Usually, they were in charge of guarding and maintaining order in the Luxe, solving all conflicts here.

They were also the ones who took Charlotte away after crashing into the car in the Hummer.

“Brat, are you here to cause trouble? You should consider where this is!” The burly man, who was the leader, glared hostilely at Lucas and Jordan.

“You’ve got a death wish!” Jordan instantly appeared in front of the burly man like a bolt of lightning. He raised his arm and slapped the man hard on his face.

“Ah!” The burly man shrieked as he was sent flying by Jordan’s slap. He couldn’t get up after a long time, and his face instantly swelled while two of his teeth fell out.

Jordan’s strike was as fast as lightning, and he had applied a lot of force. So these men, who were usually the ones to beat others up, couldn’t help but feel a chill down their spines.

“Don’t you guys know that this club is the property of the Douglas family?” the burly men asked sternly.

“Hmph, we’re looking for Brad Douglas. Where is he?” Jordan questioned. Seeing that Lucas was losing his patience, Jordan decided not to give them any more chances. He clenched his fists with cracking sounds.

They were both emitting an incomparably terrifying aura, making the burly men too scared to fight them. They simply stood in front of Lucas and Jordan and broke out into cold sweat.

The Carter family was just a small family, and even Bryce, the scion, had to bow down and treat them with respect. The woman they abducted had gotten kicked out of her family too. How could there be such powerful people looking for her?

As Lucas took a step forward, the burly men immediately felt oppressed, and their hearts began ricocheting violently. They no longer had the intention to resist.

“Mr. Douglas is in the room inside. So is that woman.” The burly men hurriedly spilled the beans, fearing that the terrifying man in front of them would crush them into bits if they were slow.

At this moment, in a luxurious room at the innermost part of the VIP floor, Charlotte was lying unconscious on a bed with a man beside her, staring at her with strong desire in his eyes.





Chapter 55: Tell Him to Come Here




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The two attendants had already cleaned up the vomit on Charlotte’s body and changed her into a translucent silk nightgown that accentuated her figure.

At the side, Brad Douglas rubbed his hands and placed a camcorder on the table opposite the bed, with the camera facing Charlotte lying on the large bed. He then walked step by step toward her while admiring her curves under the nightgown. His breathing became heavier, and the desire in his eyes intensified.

Unfortunately, Charlotte, who was still in a drowsy state and had her eyes tightly shut, was oblivious to the impending danger.

“Hahaha, beautiful babe, I’m coming!” Douglas swallowed a mouthful of saliva and leaped toward Charlotte as soon as he ripped off his pants.

At this moment, the door of the private room was kicked open with a loud bang, throwing the door off its hinges.

Shocked, Douglas turned around and yelled ferociously, “Who is it?!”

The Luxe was his turf, but someone actually kicked his door. This person is too insolent!

In the corridor outside, the two rogues leading the way were even more frightened by Lucas’s kick, so much so that their hair stood on end.

Lucas managed to send the steel door flying with a single kick. If he were to kick them, they would die. They were certain that their bones were much weaker than steel!

Luckily, they were smart enough not to continue going against the two terrifying men!

Lucas quickly glanced around the room and was relieved when he saw Charlotte lying on the bed in a nightgown and Douglas still wearing his briefs.

Fortunately, he had arrived in time, and Charlotte hadn’t been violated.

“Kid, who do you think you are? How dare you come and ruin things for me? Are you tired of living?” Douglas barked while glaring at Lucas gloomily, wishing he could rip him apart.

He was interrupted right before he was about to enjoy a night with the beautiful Charlotte, greatly displeasing him.

In particular, Lucas was creating a huge mess and ruckus on his turf. It was clearly a slap to his face!

“You should be thankful that you haven’t touched her. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be standing here right now,” Lucas said indifferently.

“Damn it! You arrogant bastard!” Douglas raised his hand in fury and smacked a hidden button on the wall. In an instant, about twenty ferocious henchmen charged in with menacing auras.

“Beat these two people! Leave them at their last breaths and then break one of their hands each before throwing them out!”

Seeing that his subordinates had come over, Douglas was extremely conceited. After ordering them, he sat on the couch at the side and began smoking a cigar leisurely.

This was the only fate troublemakers would suffer after creating a ruckus here!

“Hmph, break our hands?” Lucas glanced at the henchmen and remained composed, not fazed at all. He snorted. “Since you like hands so much, all of you will stay! Jordan, break both their hands!”

“Yes, Lucas!” Jordan exclaimed with excitement in his eyes. It had been a long time since he got to hit someone!

Like a phantom, he instantly appeared beside one of the henchmen. Before they could see Jordan’s movements clearly, the crisp sounds of bones being snapped rang out, followed by miserable cries from the henchman whose wrists had been crushed!

“Ah! My arms!” The intense pain on his wrists caused the tall and burly henchman to kneel on the ground and break out into cold sweat immediately.

Before the shock could appear on the others’ faces, Jordan’s figure reappeared beside another henchman like a bolt of lightning. No one could evade him at all.

Ka-ka!

Ka-cha! Ka!

Ka-ka!

...

The crunching sound of bones being crushed one after another resounded in the room, and the henchmen began wailing one after another.

Finally, someone was so terrified that he wanted to flee, but before he could run away, the terrifying hand of death that was like an iron clamp landed on his wrists and crushed his bones right away.

“Help! Ah!” Their miserable cries rang out one after another.

In an instant, the nearly twenty burly henchmen fell to their knees and began wailing while clutching their broken wrists.

The cigar in Douglas’s mouth had fallen to the ground, and he couldn’t help but shiver, frightened by the scene before him. He no longer felt fearless and bold like he was earlier and was now as pale as a sheet. His lips trembled, and his legs had already turned into jelly.

He could not even utter a word now because Jordan and Lucas were both staring at him coldly.

All of a sudden, Douglas’s phone on the table began ringing.

Lucas took a glance at the caller ID and sneered when he saw the words, ‘Wastrel of the Carters.’ “Bryce Carter?”

“Yes!” Douglas hurriedly nodded frantically.

“Answer the call.”

Douglas dared not defy Lucas’s order and hurriedly reached his trembling finger out to painstakingly press the answer button.

“Mr. Douglas, are you done?” Bryce asked. “Why don’t you send me a few photos? In the future, you can toy with that woman however you like.”

Lucas snorted coldly. Bryce Carter really doesn’t know any better!

Frightened by Lucas’s murderous snort, Douglas immediately fell to the ground. Holding his phone, he wished he could rip Bryce into pieces! Damn it! What a lousy idea from this dog!

Bryce made him kidnap Charlotte and said that it was a special tribute to him, but instead of getting to enjoy sleeping with her, he ended up provoking two horrifying people!

All the henchmen, whom he had spent lots of money on, had their wrists broken before they could even attack.

“Get him to come here,” Lucas ordered coldly.

Douglas was clenching his jaw with resentment. Seeing that Lucas seemed to want to deal with Bryce, he frantically said, “Hurry up and get your ass here.”

After hanging up, Douglas hurriedly begged Lucas for mercy. “I really don’t know anything. That bastard Bryce Carter came to me for help and said that he would let me sleep with his cousin as long as I take some videos and photos of her. Had I known earlier that she’s related to you, I wouldn’t have touched this beautiful girl!”

“Mr. Douglas, are you looking for me...” Bryce’s voice abruptly ceased at the door.

He thought that Douglas had called him up because he was done and was going to give him the photos and videos. But he was dumbfounded by the scene before him!

What did he see?!

The burly henchmen in the room were rolling on the ground while the mighty Brad Douglas was kneeling in front of someone!

And that someone was Lucas!





Chapter 56: Paying People Back in Their Own Coin




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Bryce’s legs instantly went weak, and he knelt on the ground.

Everything in front of him made him suspect that his world had become fantastical. Brad Douglas is actually kneeling in front of Lucas?!

Lucas glanced at Bryce indifferently, as though he was looking at something dead.

He looked back at Douglas, who was lying on the ground. “You said he came to you for help? In that case, was he the one who instigated you to handle the incident six years ago?”

“Which incident?” Douglas was a bit confused for a moment. Over the years, Bryce had approached him and asked him to do many sordid things. All of a sudden, he couldn’t guess which one Lucas was referring to.

“Cheyenne Carter, the Brilliance Corporation,” Lucas reminded snappily.

“Oh!” As soon as he heard Cheyenne’s name, Douglas instantly remembered and nodded frantically.

“Yes, Bryce made me do it. At that time, he wanted to encroach on the Brilliance Corporation and snatch it away from Cheyenne Carter, so he came to me and asked me to help him get some drugs. Afterward, due to a freak combination of factors, Cheyenne got involved with a lowly chauffeur. Later on, Cheyenne became pregnant, and Bryce got us to go make trouble. That woman was so angry that she ended up going into premature labor, resulting in them taking over the Brilliance Corporation.”

Douglas was afraid of Lucas and almost immediately answered all the questions asked.

Lucas’s face got increasingly gloomy. At the end, he began glaring daggers while smashing his fists on the wall, causing a large cobweb-like crack to appear on the finely-furnished wall with a pit the size of a basin in the middle.

Douglas instantly fell silent, not daring to continue.

Meanwhile, Bryce’s fear intensified, and he almost got shocked into peeing his pants!

Douglas was clearly terrified of Lucas too!

Lucas and Jordan had clearly attacked the henchmen clutching their broken wrists in the room!

In that case, w-what will happen to me?

At the thought of how much he had been bullying Cheyenne over the past few days, the insults he had hurled at Lucas, the misdeeds he had done to Cheyenne back then, and how he had just tried to set up Charlotte...

Bryce’s heart immediately began ricocheting violently as cold sweat surged out of his body. He felt a warm and moist sensation in his lower body.

At this moment, Bryce recalled everything that Dominic had said to him over the phone earlier: “Lucas Gray has gone to look for you. Hurry up and leave. Don’t let him find you!”

Now, he finally knew why Dominic gave him this warning. It was because Lucas was really too terrifying!

At this moment, Bryce was full of regret!

He regretted not listening to his grandfather’s warning and not bringing Charlotte back home earlier. He even regretted digging his own grave by provoking and offending Lucas.

“Lucas, I know I did something wrong. Please let me off...” Bryce pleaded spinelessly.

Lucas glared at him coldly and sent him flying with a kick. He slammed against the door frame and immediately spat out a mouthful of blood.

Then Lucas kicked Douglas until he wailed endlessly.

Of course, this was the result of Lucas restraining his strength. Otherwise, both of them would have died long ago.

Lucas obviously wouldn’t let them die, but he didn’t plan to let them off either.

“Hmph, don’t you guys like playing such tricks? Go ahead and have a taste of your own medicine then!” Lucas turned his head to face Jordan. “Carry them both to the room at the side and feed them their own drugs. Remember to record a video.”

Thinking about that image, Jordan couldn’t help but shudder in disgust!

However, in order to deal with such people, they had to pay them back in their own coin!

Soon, Jordan enthusiastically carried both of them to the room next door, bringing with him the camera and the bottle of medicine.

Before long, bizarre sounds of pain mixed with pleasure came from the room next door.

The henchmen on the ground couldn’t help but shiver when they heard the sounds. They didn’t even dare to shriek in pain!

This man is too terrifying!

Soon, Jordan came out with the camera.

“Damn it! It was such an eyesore! I have to wash my eyes when I get back!” Jordan exclaimed with a look of disgust. “Lucas, what do we do with this?”

“Put it on the internet with their names spelled out. Make sure their faces are in HD.”

“Yes!” Jordan put the camera away excitedly.

The henchmen were frightened. Too ruthless!

Not only did they film such a video and decide to put it on the internet, but they also wanted to make sure their faces were in HD and clearly seen. The two of them were going to be shamed thoroughly, and they would never have the cheek to face others again! Even their families would be disgraced by them!

Lucas looked at the group of horrified henchmen and barked, “Get lost!”

The henchmen immediately stopped rolling around and wailing, as if their pressure had suddenly been released. They hurriedly got up and scrambled out of the room in panic, fearing that Lucas would change his mind if they were too slow.

After everyone was gone, Lucas walked over to the bed. He frowned and draped a large bathrobe over Charlotte’s translucent and revealing nightgown.

Lucas was utterly disgusted by Bryce and Douglas’s behavior!

As men, they actually resorted to using such despicable tricks on women. Not only did they ruin the women, they even recorded videos and photos to threaten them. They were worse than beasts!

Back then, they successfully set up Cheyenne, but something went wrong in between, and Lucas was made to take responsibility for her. Otherwise, Cheyenne wouldn’t have had her company taken away from her due to her premature labor. Instead, she would have had explicit photos taken and used against her. Her life would have been ruined.

Charlotte ended up in such a setup today too. If he hadn’t rushed here in time, she would have really had her body and reputation tarnished by Douglas. Charlotte might not be able to endure having the explicit photos taken while Cheyenne would be sad for life because of what happened to her sister!

They deserved to be punished harshly!

Taking a deep breath and forcing himself to suppress the anger within, Lucas bent over and pinched Charlotte’s temples skillfully.

This was a method he had learned in the military, which was very effective for awakening unconscious people.

Indeed, after Lucas pressed a few times, Charlotte’s eyelashes fluttered, and she slowly opened her eyes.

Charlotte clearly still hadn’t gotten a clear idea of the situation yet.

The moment before she passed out, she was still sitting in Sophie’s car. Afterward, something seemed to have rammed into her...

Charlotte blinked, sat up, and then realized that the bathrobe draped over her had already slid off, revealing her translucent nightgown. To her horror, she wasn’t wearing anything underneath!

“Ah!” Charlotte screamed. She covered her chest and slapped Lucas, who was in front of her. “You’re shameless!”





Chapter 57: Heartwarming Family




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

A trace of anger surfaced on Lucas’s stunned face, but he immediately saw Charlotte picking up her bathrobe anxiously before starting to wail like a child. He instantly curbed his anger.

“You have the wrong idea. I’ll call your sister over.”

“Y-you still have the cheek to call my sister to come... You bastard...”

Lucas didn’t bother paying attention to her again. He simply called Cheyenne and told her the address of the Luxe.

Lucas originally wanted Jordan to go and pick her up, but she had been extremely worried at home for a long time. Now that she had received some news about her younger sister, how could she continue waiting? She simply said that she would call a cab and rush over immediately.

Lucas asked Jordan to wait for Cheyenne downstairs so that she wouldn’t run into some idiots when arriving at the club.

Soon after, Cheyenne rushed up from downstairs under Jordan’s escort.

“Where’s Charlotte?” Cheyenne asked worriedly.

“Inside.” Lucas tipped his head toward the room behind him. Cheyenne dashed in immediately.

“Cheyenne!” Upon seeing her sister, Charlotte hugged her and cried her heart out.

Cheyenne hugged her for a while to comfort her and confirmed that her younger sister hadn’t been violated. Charlotte finally calmed down and said sobbingly, “Cheyenne, Lucas is a bastard. Just now, he... If I hadn’t woken up, he would have gotten what he wanted! He even had the cheek to call you to come. Cheyenne, you have to leave a scumbag like him!”

Cheyenne was caught between laughter and tears. “Charlotte, there must be some misunderstanding. Lucas came to save you. If it weren’t for him, you would have really been in danger.”

Charlotte was instantly stunned. Before she passed out, she was still in Sophie’s car. And when she woke up again, she saw Lucas right in front of her while she was surrounded by a strange aura. Her clothes had also been changed into a skimpy nightgown...

So she subconsciously thought it was Lucas who brought her here and committed some disgusting acts on her.

Yet it turned out that Lucas was here to rescue her.

“How did I end up here then?” Charlotte hurriedly asked.

Cheyenne told her, in general, everything that happened earlier.

After hearing this, Charlotte clenched her fist fiercely and punched the bed. Gritting her teeth, she barked, “Bryce Carter! It’s all his fault! I’m not going to spare him!”

However, when she thought about the slap she had just given Lucas, Charlotte felt extremely remorseful. “Cheyenne, I’m sorry. I misunderstood Lucas just now and slapped him...”

“Uh...” Cheyenne was at a loss for words and merely coughed twice. “H-he won’t blame you. Let’s hurry home!”

After they cleaned up and came out, Lucas seemed to be acting as per usual. “It’s late. I’ll send you guys back.”

Charlotte blushed and followed him together with Cheyenne, feeling grateful yet embarrassed. She wanted to apologize but didn’t know how to, so she felt very complicated.

By the time Lucas drove them to the entrance of the Carters’ old residence, it was already almost midnight.

Karen and William had no idea that Charlotte had been kidnapped and almost violated tonight, so they had already fallen asleep.

Cheyenne looked at Lucas and hesitated for a moment before saying, “Do you want to stay with Amelia tonight? She hasn’t seen you all day today, and she kept clamoring about you before she went to bed.”

Lucas saved Charlotte tonight, but he ended up getting slapped by her because of a misunderstanding. While feeling grateful, Cheyenne felt bad too.

Biting her lip and looking at Lucas, Charlotte suddenly said, “Lucas, just stay.”

Seeing both Cheyenne and Lucas look at her in surprise because of what she said, Charlotte hurriedly turned around and scurried upstairs. “I’m going to take a shower first. You guys rest early too!”

Seeing her reaction, Cheyenne shook her head helplessly.

Soon, the two of them went back upstairs to Cheyenne’s room.

As soon as they entered, Amelia, who was lying on the bed, rubbed her eyes and got up.

“Mommy, you’re back...” When Amelia saw Lucas beside Cheyenne, her eyes instantly lit up in surprise, and she was suddenly awake.

“Daddy!” Amelia leaped into Lucas’s arms happily. “Daddy, where were you today? I didn’t see you all day.”

Lucas stroked her head. “I was busy with something today. It’s so late. Why are you still awake?”

“I was waiting for you, Daddy! Mommy went out too. Mommy, did you go out to find Daddy just now? Is Daddy going to sleep with us tonight?” Amelia blinked her large innocent eyes expectantly.

Cheyenne’s face turned red, and she pretended to be angry. “What nonsense are you saying? It’s late. Quickly go to bed!”

Amelia leaned closer to Cheyenne and touched her face seriously with a look of worry. “Mommy, your face is so warm. Are you sick again?”

Cheyenne had been running a high fever a few days ago, which had given Amelia a fright.

Hearing Amelia’s words, Cheyenne felt even more embarrassed.

Fortunately, Lucas carried Amelia away. “Good children have to sleep at night. Otherwise, if you can’t get out of bed tomorrow, you’ll be late for kindergarten!”

Amelia put her arms around Lucas’s neck and smiled. “It’s Saturday tomorrow. I don’t have to go to kindergarten.”

Lucas froze for a moment. Amelia continued, “Mommy, Daddy, take me to the amusement park to play tomorrow! Other children often go there to play with their parents and take a lot of photos. I’ve never played at the amusement park with both of you...” Amelia’s voice grew softer, but there was some cautious anticipation in her eyes, as if she was afraid that Lucas would turn her down.

Lucas felt heartache and was overwhelmed with guilt too.

His daughter was already six years old, but he had never taken her out to play. He had indeed failed as a father.

He turned his head to look at Cheyenne and asked for advice softly, “What do you say we take Amelia out to the amusement park to play tomorrow?”

“Okay.” Cheyenne agreed with a nod without looking at him.

After hearing this, Amelia leaped with joy and gave Lucas and Cheyenne each a kiss on their cheek. She was as happy as a lark.

Seeing their daughter being on cloud nine over such a simple matter, both Lucas and Cheyenne felt a little upset.

“Okay, cut it out. Go to sleep quickly. If you get up late tomorrow, we won’t be able to go to the amusement park!” Cheyenne carried Amelia back to the inner side of the bed and covered her with the blanket.

After hearing this, Amelia was so anxious that she hurriedly laid down obediently. “Okay! Goodnight Mommy. Goodnight Daddy! I’m so happy!”

Soon, Cheyenne slept on the same bed as Amelia as usual, while Lucas quietly lay on the mattress on the ground beside her.

The room was silent except for the tender sounds of breathing that made Lucas’s heart grow warmer.





Chapter 58: Danger on the Bridge




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Bright early the next morning, many people tapped away on their phones or computers while eating breakfast to catch up with current affairs, only to be shocked speechless by a piece of groundbreaking news. They almost spat out the food in their mouths!

The astonishing images, videos, high-definition faces, titles, and articles that directly exposed the identity of the people involved in a scandal occupied the front pages of countless forums and social media platforms.

All of a sudden, the scandal caused a huge uproar in Orange County. After all, the people involved in the scandal were famous figures with whom many in Orange County were familiar.

“Wow, oh my god! I didn’t expect those two to be so disgusting! They even played with glass?!”

“Tsk, aren’t they the playboys Brad Douglas and Bryce Carter? Everyone knows them. They seemed like decent people, but I didn’t expect them to be so... ugh!”

Countless people were discussing that matter and perceiving the Carter and Douglas families in a different light.

When Dominic saw the images and footage of the news, he shook violently and almost vomited blood!

Bryce... his grandson, whom he regarded as his successor, had done something so unsightly and outrageous that he became the laughing stock of the entire county!

At this juncture, the butler of the Carters walked in and reported softly, “Mr. Carter, Mr. Bryce Carter has returned, but he doesn’t seem too well...”

Before the butler finished speaking, Dominic immediately lost his temper. “Tell him to get lost! Get him out of here! From now on, I, Dominic Carter, will have nothing to do with Bryce Carter again!”

At the same time, the esteemed and authoritative patriarch of the prestigious Douglas family was also infuriated as he slapped his hand on a table ferociously. “Bastard! Everyone in the county knows about your scandal!”

Brad Douglas knelt in front of the old man, not even daring to breathe. However, he still tried to explain. “Grandpa, I was set up by someone! He beat me up, drugged me, and locked me up with that loser Bryce Carter. He even deliberately filmed those videos and spread them around...”

“Who did it?” The old man was even more furious when he heard this. Anyone who dares to do that to a Douglas must be tired of living!

“It’s Lucas Gray, that useless son-in-law of the Carters!” Brad gritted his teeth. When he woke up last night, he had already looked for Bryce and forced him to reveal the culprit’s identity.

To be toyed like this by the live-in son-in-law of the Carters was his shame!

“Hmph, a loser like him managed to land you in this state. You’re such a disappointment! If you can’t settle this matter, you don’t deserve to be my grandson,” Mr. Douglas Senior said coldly.

Brad hung his head low and clenched his jaw. “Don’t worry. I will definitely get revenge on him!”

A resentful gleam of light darted out of his eyes. Lucas Gray, I must get revenge, or I’m not a human!

——

At this moment, Lucas was taking Cheyenne and Amelia to the largest amusement park in Orange County. They first boarded the Ferris wheel, followed by the Viking ship, and lastly the carousel.

Amelia, who was wearing a beautiful princess dress, was smiling elatedly.

She finally went to the amusement park with her parents, just like other kids!

Along the way, she had been holding Cheyenne’s hand with her left hand and Lucas’s hand with her right, with pure bliss written all over her face.

All of a sudden, Amelia stopped and placed their hands together. “Daddy, Mommy, hold each other’s hands.”

Upon his hand coming into contact with Cheyenne’s small and tender hand, Lucas’s heart skipped a beat while she felt helplessly embarrassed.

She was about to retract her hand, but Amelia put their hands together tightly. “Jamie told me that if Mommy and Daddy hold hands like this, they will soon have a little baby. Daddy, Mommy, hurry up and give me another little brother or sister so that I won’t be an only child!”

Cheyenne’s face instantly turned red, and even her ears reddened. She quickly retracted her hand like she had been electrocuted.

“Children shouldn’t be spouting nonsense!” Cheyenne chided Amelia.

“Huh? Is that wrong? Then how do little brothers and sisters come?” Amelia asked, tilting her head in curiosity.

Looking at her daughter’s innocent and expectant little face, Cheyenne couldn’t resist her at all. She glared at Lucas angrily.

Dumbstruck, Lucas laughed, finding the angry Cheyenne from embarrassment just as adorable as Amelia.

He couldn’t bear to let Cheyenne continue being embarrassed, so he picked Amelia up in his arms and ran forward. “Quick, let’s go watch the dolphin show!”

“Wow! Dolphins!” As soon as Amelia heard that they were going to see dolphins, she immediately forgot about the things she just clamored about.

Cheyenne let out a long sigh of relief. Watching the father and daughter duo running in front of her and laughing happily, she couldn’t help smiling gently.

After playing in the amusement park for more than half the day, Lucas and Cheyenne left together with Amelia, who was reluctant to leave.

Lucas drove Cheyenne and Amelia home in his black Jaguar.

After a day of fun, the three of them became closer.

As the car drove along, Amelia climbed in the back seat and snuggled up to Cheyenne while chattering happily about what she had seen today. Then she said to Cheyenne, “Mommy, when will we go out to play with Daddy again? I’m so happy today!”

Cheyenne pinched Amelia’s little nose. “We’ve already played for an entire day. Aren’t you tired yet?”

The two of them laughed and played with each other in the back seat while Lucas watched them through the rearview mirror, the corners of his mouth curling into a smile.

Suddenly, Lucas’s gaze turned cold. On the bridge they were on, a Hummer was speeding toward them diagonally from the lane beside them, trying to collide with the black Jaguar!

“Be careful! Hold on tight!” Lucas exclaimed. He floored the gas pedal while turning the steering wheel, revving up the Jaguar and speeding off, avoiding the Hummer by a close shave.

On the other hand, the Hummer couldn’t brake in time because of its enormous momentum and thus crashed directly into the bridge railing and then into the river below.

“Are you guys alright?” Lucas immediately turned around to check on Cheyenne and Amelia after pulling over to the side of the road.

Scared soulless, Cheyenne hugged Amelia tightly and had turned as pale as a sheet from the fright. In contrast, Amelia hadn’t realized the danger they were in just now and was simply shocked because she thought that Lucas had braked in an emergency.

Luckily, both of them had their seat belts securely fastened and were not injured.

With lingering fear, Cheyenne turned around, looked at the destroyed bridge railing, and asked softly, “What’s the matter with that car?”

Lucas shook his head, pretending to be thankful to have escaped the close shave with death. “No idea. Maybe the brakes broke. It was so close to hitting our car.”

Looking at the vast river worriedly, Cheyenne said, “I wonder how the driver is doing.” They were on the bridge and couldn’t see what was going on in the river below.

“Someone over there has already called the police. The police and rescue teams should be arriving soon. We’d better go first, or the road will be closed later,” Lucas said.

Cheyenne nodded. She hugged her daughter tightly, feeling fortunate.

Lucas restarted the car, but this time, his eyes were ice cold.





Chapter 59: Creating a Ruckus




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Lucas knew very well that this was definitely not an accident, but rather, someone had deliberately tried to crash into them to kill them!

Given the size and speed of the Hummer just now, they would have either been pushed to the edge of the bridge or knocked over and dropped into the river below if Lucas hadn’t reacted quickly and dodged early!

If he were alone, he could still escape from the danger. But there were two vulnerable females in the car!

They were also the two people he loved the most!

They were his weakness, and no one was allowed to touch them!

A figure dived silently into the river below the bridge and swam to the Hummer that was gradually sinking into the water. He then punched the window to break it and pulled the driver out.

After swimming to the shallow waters hundreds of meters away, the figure finally dragged the driver, who was about to drown and suffocate, ashore.

The figure was Jordan, Lucas’s right-hand man!

Jordan turned the driver’s body face up and stepped on his stomach. Immediately afterward, a large amount of river water mixed with mud and sand surged out of the driver’s mouth and nostrils.

The driver came to and coughed violently, coughing up the water in his stomach.

After the driver was almost done, Jordan stepped hard on his stomach and questioned, “Speak. Who put you to it?”

The driver just had a near-death experience. As he stared at Jordan towering above him, his face turned even paler. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“You still don’t want to come clean, huh?” Without hesitation, Jordan picked up the driver by his collar and pressed his head toward the water. “If you don’t say anything, you can stay inside!”

Watching the icy-cold river water getting closer and closer to him, the driver, who just experienced drowning, immediately shrieked in terror and began struggling.

However, Jordan was pressing his hand hard against the driver’s neck, rendering him unable to struggle. Seeing that his head was about to be pressed into the water again, the driver no longer cared about anything else. He simply broke down and started yelling loudly. “Ah! I’ll speak up! Please spare my life...” Teary-eyed, the driver begged for mercy.

Jordan pulled his head up slightly with one hand and ordered, “Speak!”

“I-it was Mr. D-Douglas. Brad Douglas was the one who instructed me to hit that car!”

——

Lucas sent Cheyenne and Amelia back home and watched the two of them enter the house, but he didn’t stay behind.

“Lucas.” Just as Lucas was about to drive away, Cheyenne suddenly called out to stop him.

“Do you have something to do now?” Cheyenne asked hesitantly.

Lucas nodded. “Yes, I have some trivial matters to handle.”

“You were the one who did those things to the Carters recently, right?” Cheyenne asked, her jaws clenched.

Since Cheyenne asked, Lucas did not intend to hide it from her. He nodded. “Yes, but they deserve it.”

Cheyenne hesitated for a while but nevertheless said, “Can you let them off? They must have learned their lesson from what happened lately.”

It was not that Cheyenne was being a saint, but rather, she had grown up with the Carters after all, and those people used to be her relatives. She still cared about their kinship and didn’t want to take things too far.

Lucas looked at Cheyenne affectionately and nodded. “Okay.”

When Lucas was driving and halfway into his journey, Jordan called. “Lucas, the culprit is really that bastard Brad Douglas!”

“Hmph, as expected!” Lucas snorted coldly. He stepped on the gas pedal and sped to the Luxe maniacally. Seems like Brad Douglas hasn’t learned his lesson yet!

Lucas wasn’t fazed by the fact that Douglas was a member of a first-tier family that commanded great power among the gangs in Orange County.

Anyone who dared to harm the two people he cherished the most and put them in danger deserved to die!

At this moment, Douglas was sitting in the Luxe with a menacing expression.

The incident last night made him utterly embarrassed and even left him in great pain, especially in his private area. He couldn’t even sit properly without feeling agony.

“Mr. Douglas, that bastard must be dead now. Even if he didn’t die from the collision, he must have died from drowning. Our people also deliberately created some obstacles on the road so that the rescue vehicles wouldn’t be able to get there in time,” said an underling.

“Hah! It was too easy for him! I heard that his beautiful wife, Cheyenne Carter, was also in the car. It’s quite a pity she died with him. Otherwise, it’d be nice to toy with the former greatest beauty of Orange County!” Douglas gibed as he puffed out a mouthful of a cigar.

“Haha, Mr. Douglas, you can get any kind of woman you want. The one yesterday is Cheyenne’s sister. She’s quite pretty too. If you’d like, I’ll get her immediately!” A few of his underlings were hurriedly trying to curry favor with him.

“Haha, good! Yesterday, that bastard messed things up for me and even incurred my wrath! I must get that woman over here again to vent! Let’s see who’ll try getting in my way again!”

Douglas began laughing without restraint while the people around him egged him on.

At this moment, the black Jaguar stopped at the entrance of the Luxe.

Lucas stepped out of the car, and Jordan, who had been waiting at the side, immediately greeted him. “Lucas, tell me what to do!”

Luxe looked up at the luxurious Luxe clubhouse with an icy cold gaze. “Smash it!”

Upon receiving the order, Jordan immediately charged forward without hesitation and kicked the exquisite door and the stone monument with the word ‘Luxe’ carved on it, smashing them into pieces!

The flying stone debris smashed against the huge tempered glass door with a loud bang, and glass shards scattered all over the floor.

The numerous people in the club were frightened by the sudden noise and started screaming loudly.

Several security officers and henchmen immediately came over. “Who are you people? How dare you make trouble at the club?!”

“Get lost!”

All they received in response was a series of sounds of things breaking.

Jordan broke a stool leg in his hand and smashed everything in sight.

He smashed the opulent bar counter!

He smashed the wine cabinet full of famous and expensive alcohol!

He smashed the dazzling chandelier!

He smashed the tables, windows, chairs, and other furniture!

Everyone in the club frantically scurried out shrieking.

“Damn it! These two are here to cause trouble! Just beat them to death!” a henchman as burly as a tower immediately hollered. More than ten of his subordinates rushed over from all directions.

Lucas snorted coldly. Brad Douglas’s twenty-odd henchmen got their wrists broken yesterday and definitely can’t make it to work today. He probably hired these backup goons from somewhere. They really don’t know any better.

Jordan charged forward and shuttled through the people as quick as a phantom. In less than a moment, ten-odd people had their wrists snapped just like those yesterday!

One of the henchmen scrambled into the private room where Douglas was and exclaimed in a fluster, “Bad news, Mr. Douglas! The two people from yesterday are here again!”





Chapter 60: Paying the Price




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Hearing his underling’s report, Douglas immediately stood up and asked with a glowering expression, “What did you say? Are you sure it’s those two from yesterday?”

The underling nodded profusely in horror. “Yes, it’s those two from yesterday. I wouldn’t recognize them wrongly! They’re currently smashing the things in the main hall of the first floor, and the guests are terrified.”

Douglas kicked the coffee table furiously, but he accidentally touched his hidden injury, making him fly into a rage. “Didn’t you say that Lucas Gray was knocked off the bridge? Why is he still alive?”

The one who came to report the matter earlier didn’t seem too well, and cold sweat broke out on his forehead. “He indeed... fell into the river. We saw from afar that he fell off the bridge and plunged into the river. The rescue teams rushed over, but they were stopped.”

Bam—Douglas slapped the underling hard on the face.

“Bullshit! If he really plunged into the river and drowned to death, are the ones here creating trouble ghosts? You trash!”

Douglas was just celebrating the fact that he had killed Lucas and took revenge. But now, they were here slapping him in his face!

“Let’s go. Gather everyone and go down with me. I refuse to believe he can defeat us!” Douglas exclaimed as he hurried downstairs with a furious and menacing expression.

At this moment, the people in the hall below were all badly bashed up by Jordan, and broken glass, wine bottles, ceiling lights, and shattered debris of furniture covered the ground. The initially luxurious hall was smashed and ended up looking like a garbage dump.

Today, Douglas had just hired more than ten henchmen, but they were all currently rolling in pain on the ground with broken wrists!

Seeing this, Douglas was overwhelmed with exasperation. Those bastards!

“Damn it! Beat them!” Hearing Douglas’s order, his underlings behind, who were all holding steel rods and weapons, immediately charged forward.

“Hmph, you must have a death wish!” Before Lucas said anything, Jordan picked up a chair and rushed over.

His movements were far quicker than Douglas’s underlings. Before the underlings’ weapons could hit him, the leg of Jordan’s chair had already slammed onto their wrists and thighs.

Bang!

“Ah!”

“Waaa!”

With Jordan’s fast and accurate hits, the dozen or so people who rushed up all shrieked in pain miserably as they dropped their weapons and started rolling on the ground, clutching their wrists and thighs and wailing loudly.

Seeing this, Douglas became terrified and furious.

The ten-odd people holding weapons actually failed to even harm Lucas in the slightest. Instead, they were beaten up by the other party!

“Stop! Lucas, what exactly are you trying to do?” Douglas gritted his teeth and glared at Lucas while the fear and horror in his heart surged again like yesterday.

“What do I want to do? Aren’t you aware of what you got someone to do today?” Lucas looked at Douglas with an icy cold glare.

On that bridge today, his wife and daughter had had a close shave with death. How could Lucas let Douglas off easily?

Douglas suddenly choked.

He had sent someone to run over Lucas and his wife and daughter with a car, but his plan failed, and Lucas was now at his door and seeking revenge. This was totally out of his expectations.

Facing Lucas’s icy cold eyes, Douglas subconsciously took a few steps back. “There must be some misunderstanding somewhere. Actually, there’s no unresolvable feud between us. Why don’t we sit down and have a good talk? What do you think?”

Despite saying that, Douglas didn’t really plan to bury the hatchet.

He would never forget the shame Lucas had brought him last night! He would never spare Lucas!

When they sat down to chat, he would have someone spike Lucas’s drink and then get his subordinates to make him have a taste of his own medicine!

Once he was done taking revenge, he would make him vanish forever!

Lucas sneered and glanced at Douglas in disdain, as if he had seen through his thoughts. “Have a good talk? Who are you to do that with me?!”

Lucas gripped the wine bottle on the table next to him and fiercely smashed it on Douglas’s head.

Smack!

With a crisp sound, the bottle shattered and cut open Douglas’s head. Crimson blood began gushing out from the top of his head.

After being stunned for a while, Douglas touched his bloodied head and glowered at Lucas furiously. “You... How dare you...”

“Hmph, you’d better remember this. If you dare to provoke me and the people I care about again, I’ll definitely make your life a living hell!” Lucas kicked Douglas in his knees, twisting his legs into a warped angle, and made him tumble out far, far away.

Without being able to utter a single word, Douglas passed out.

Everyone in the room was scared into silence, not daring to breathe a single word as they watched Lucas and Jordan leave. Too terrifying!

Only when the figures of these two people had completely disappeared did someone from the Luxe quickly take Douglas to the hospital.

——

Soon, Brad Douglas’s father, Gordon Douglas, hurried to the hospital.

When he saw his son, whose head was wrapped in bandages and legs were covered with casts, Gordon Douglas was infuriated.

In Orange County, no one had ever disrespected the Douglas family or had the guts to beat his son so badly!

“Find him! Get someone to find him! I must take revenge and kill him!”

——

At this moment, Lucas was already on his way back to the lakeside villa with Jordan.

He was covered in blood just now, so he didn’t want to go back to the Carters, lest Cheyenne and Amelia saw the state he was in.

Thinking about Cheyenne’s request for him to let the Carters off today, Lucas called Flynn Davis and gave him some instructions.

After taking a shower, Lucas stood by the railing on a balcony and looked at the sparkling lake outside with a bitter smile.

Previously, he proposed to Cheyenne at the Intercontinental Hotel but was turned down by her. Later on, he revealed his identity to her and wanted to return the Brilliance Corporation to her.

Unfortunately, Cheyenne refused to accept it.

Cheyenne had always had a strong backbone and wasn’t willing to accept favors for nothing. She merely said that she would go to the Brilliance Corporation, but she hoped to work her way up to her former position from the bottom.

Cheyenne was determined, so Lucas had no choice but to give in.

This was how kindhearted, intelligent, and independent the woman he loved was.

——

The following morning, Dominic Carter, who had stayed up all night, suddenly received an excellent piece of news.

The Brilliance Corporation, which the Stardust Corporation had snatched away, suddenly gave the Carters an offer to become the guarantor of their debts and even decided to sign a cooperative contract with them!





Chapter 61: Treat You to a Meal




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

When a member of the family came in to report the good news, Dominic was so excited that his fingers began trembling. He asked profusely, “Really? Are you not lying to me?”

The family member nodded agitatedly. “Yes! The Brilliance Corporation has really decided to cooperate with us, and they have already sent someone over to sign the contract with us. Our factories are also back in operation. And the bank has decided to give us some leeway for the loan repayment because the Brilliance Corporation has decided to be our guarantor. They’re no longer going to apply for compulsory execution!”

“Good!” Dominic was so excited that he rubbed his hands together. The Carters’ crisis would be resolved!

At this moment, another family member hurried in. “Good news, Mr. Carter Senior! The companies that previously terminated their partnerships with us have called to resume their cooperation with us!”

“Great! Wonderful! The Carters have finally gotten through this ordeal!” Dominic’s face reddened in excitement.

All the Carters were overjoyed after surviving this calamity. God knows how hard it had been for them the past two days. They almost wanted to leave the family and find their own way out!

“Bryce deserves credit for this matter!” A woman’s voice suddenly sounded. It was Bryce Carter’s mother, Sarah Hadley.

At the mention of Bryce, Dominic’s face immediately turned gloomy again. “Don’t mention that sinful bastard in front of me! That impudent bastard acted presumptuously and got embroiled in a scandal that embarrassed us greatly!”

Sarah began pouting aggrievedly. “Dominic, you know very well that someone set Bryce up. If that loser Lucas Gray... hadn’t spiked Bryce’s and Brad Douglas’s drinks and even filmed a video of them, they wouldn’t have ended up like that. Besides, if Lucas hadn’t suddenly gone to create trouble that day, the crisis the Carters faced might have been resolved two days ago.”

With a few words, Sarah blamed everything on Lucas and reminded Dominic of the horror he experienced when Lucas broke into the Carters’ main residence and strangled him.

He was now full of fear and hatred toward Lucas.

Sarah Hadley looked at Dominic’s face and continued, “Bryce was chased out of the family, and he’s very upset too. Yesterday, he was going around running errands for the Carters. Doesn’t he deserve any credit?

“Also, Bryce is your only grandson after all. It’s right for you to be angry with him, and you can teach him a lesson as much as you’d like, but can you really bear to drive him out of the family?” Sarah pretended to wipe her tears.

Dominic felt conflicted as well.

Bryce was his only direct descendant, and he would definitely take over the family in the future. Yesterday, he chased Bryce out of the family only because of a moment of folly, but he mainly wanted to teach Bryce a lesson and did not really want to disown him.

Seeing Sarah keep pleading for mercy and several other family members also helping him, Dominic sighed and agreed. “Okay, since you’re all pleading for him, I’ll give him another chance. But if he creates any trouble or disgraces the family again, don’t blame me for being ruthless!”

“Yes, definitely! I’ll also take Bryce in hand and make sure he listens to you!” Sarah agreed frantically with a joyful expression.

On the other hand, after hearing Dominic’s decision to let him return to the family, Bryce simply felt that that should have been the case anyway.

He was Dominic Carter’s only biological grandson, and the entire family would be handed over to him in the future, so how could Dominic really drive him out?

Lucas is too despicable! He went against me and ruined things for me. He even made me become the laughing stock of the entire county!

Bryce swore that he would never let Lucas off easily!

While the Carters were immersed in the joy of the family crisis being over, no one knew that it was only because Cheyenne had asked Lucas to give them a way out on account that they used to be family.

Otherwise, the Carters would have long fallen apart.

However, neither Lucas nor Cheyenne thought of letting the Carters find out the truth.

At this moment, Lucas suddenly received a phone call, and the person who called was surprisingly Charlotte.

“Um... are you free now? I’d like to treat you to a meal!” Charlotte’s voice was shaky, and she clearly felt uneasy.

Lucas burst into laughter. Of course, he knew why Charlotte wanted to treat him to a meal out of the blue. He had saved her that day, but she got the wrong idea and even slapped him.

After Cheyenne explained it to her, Charlotte had been feeling very embarrassed and conflicted. She wanted to thank him and apologize to him, but in the end, she was too shy to say anything.

She should have mulled over it for a long time before finally calling him.

Lucas smiled. He did not intend to hold it against Charlotte. “There’s no need to treat me to a meal...”

Before Lucas finished, Charlotte quickly interrupted him, “I’ll book a private room and be waiting for you at Lion Restaurant.”

After saying this, she hung up the phone.

Lucas was caught between laughter and tears. How can she insist that I let her treat me to a meal?

Nevertheless, Lucas arrived at Lion Restaurant at noon.

The relationship between him and Cheyenne had finally become less strained, and Charlotte mattered a lot to Cheyenne. So no matter what, Lucas had to give in to Charlotte.

Lion Restaurant was a long-established restaurant in Orange County, and it was famous for being the go-to place for banquets held by businessmen and ordinary patrons.

As soon as Lucas got out of his car, he saw Charlotte waiting for him not far away. When she saw him, she finally heaved a sigh of relief, as if she was scared that he wouldn’t come.

Lucas walked over and touched his nose. “Actually, there’s really no need to do this.”

Charlotte glared at him. “Since I said that I’d treat you to a meal, I have to honor it. I can still afford to treat you to a meal.”

Lucas was instantly dumbfounded and speechless.

Well, Charlotte was actually not an annoying girl, but she was childish and arrogant.

Lucas did not blame her for it. As they were about to enter the restaurant, a voice suddenly sounded from the side. “Huh? Charlotte, it’s really you!”

Gazing at Charlotte, a young man walked over with a gleeful expression. There was a woman with bouncy, curly hair standing close beside him. They were obviously very intimate with each other.

Charlotte’s expression instantly changed when she saw the man. Afterward, she held onto Lucas’s arm somewhat uneasily and smiled radiantly at the couple in front of her. “Ah, it’s you, Declan. I didn’t expect to run into you here.”

Lucas was caught by surprise when Charlotte suddenly held onto his arm. But afterward, Lucas felt Charlotte turning stiff.

It seemed that there was some history between her and this man.





Chapter 62: Coincidental Encounter in the Restaurant




Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Declan Adams was tall and seemed to be around his mid-twenties. His features were handsome, and he dressed fashionably. Although he was a man, he put a lot of effort into skincare, and he looked just like the young heir of a well-to-do family.

The long-haired woman next to him was about the same age as him. Her face was covered in exquisite makeup, and she was decked out in luxury designer labels such as Gucci, Chanel, Hermes, and others. She was beautiful at first glance, but unfortunately, her face was too plastic. She had obviously had cosmetic surgery on her eyelids and jaw.

Declan’s gaze lingered on Charlotte’s arm for a second, after which he smiled and held onto the shoulder of the woman beside him. He introduced, “This is my wife, Estelle Brooke.”

Estelle snuggled up to Declan and sized Charlotte up. “Well? Introduce Charlotte...”

Sensing Estelle’s vague jealousy, Declan hurriedly put his hand on her waist to comfort her. “She’s Charlotte Carter, my schoolmate from college.”

Hearing Declan introduce her in this manner, Charlotte couldn’t help but bite hard on her lower lip.

“Ah, so it’s Charlotte Carter! I heard Declan mentioning before that there was a schoolmate from college who had been courting him for years, but he never agreed. I didn’t expect it to be you.” Estelle said these words smilingly and casually pretended to reveal a large diamond ring on her ring finger.

Charlotte’s smile stiffened.

She did like Declan Adams back in college, but she felt mocked when his wife said it to her face and in such a sarcastic tone.

It was worse especially because even Declan seemed conceited.

Charlotte was about to say goodbye when she heard Declan say, “It’s a coincidence today. Estelle and I happen to have booked a private room here for a meal. You two should also come along. After all, it’s been a long time since we’ve seen each other.”

After glancing at Declan, Estelle said, “Yeah, the Lion is the most famous and established restaurant in the city. It’s noon now, and it’ll be hard to get a private room. Let’s eat together. Declan and I will be bored if it’s just the two of us.”

Charlotte was about to decline because she had already booked a private room long ago, but Lucas suddenly nodded. “Sure then.”

Charlotte immediately panicked. But since Lucas already spoke and agreed, she could not refute him in front of them. So she could only pinch Lucas’s arm secretly.

However, Lucas kept a straight face and wasn’t bothered by it at all.

Soon, a waiter ushered them to a room on the second floor.

After they were seated, Declan grabbed the menu and handed it to Estelle. “Estelle, see if there’s anything you’d like. You can order first.”

Estelle grabbed the menu smilingly, but she chided Declan, “Our guests are still here. How can I order first?” She glanced at Charlotte and Lucas but remained still, not intending to hand the menu over to them.

“We’re former classmates. What’s the point of being so formal with each other? They won’t mind, right?” Declan held Estelle’s waist as he kissed her forehead affectionately. He was directing his last question at Charlotte and Lucas.

“Back in the day, Charlotte used to bring me my meals for several months when she was courting me. She never missed my breakfast or lunch. Unfortunately, I didn’t reciprocate your feelings and shared the food with our classmates. Charlotte, you don’t hold it against me, do you?” Declan chuckled.

Charlotte squeezed her own fingers tightly under the table, almost digging her nails into her flesh.

She had once spent a lot of time and effort bringing food for him with her utmost sincerity. Every day, she would get up early just to cook for him, no matter rain or shine. Yet she ended up becoming a laughingstock.

Charlotte remained silent. Controlling her emotions was already extremely tough.

Seeing the sullen expression on Charlotte’s face, Estelle giggled provocatively and coquettishly. “However, I really have to thank Miss Carter for being so nice to my husband. I also have to be thankful that Declan didn’t give in to your pursuit. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have gotten together and be living such a blissful life.”

Declan held Estelle in his arms gently. “It’s my honor to be able to marry you.”

