* * *



	Author’s Note:

	A few of Usato’s techniques that he used in this fight can be found below……

	.

	Healing Acceleration Fist

	This is a technique that uses the gauntlet to temporarily accelerate a person.

	It can be applied to attack, evasion, and movement, but it consumes a lot of magic power.

	.

	Healing Speed Fist

	This is the second forbidden technique, after the Healing Fist, in which the fist is accelerated twice, once when it is released and once when it is withdrawn, forcing the speed of the fist to increase.

	This is the second forbidden technique after the healing fist.

	.

	Continuous Attack・Accelerated Healing Punch

	This is just a series of healing punches, shouted on the spot.





Chapter 159

	The battle with Rose.

	It was a fruitful experience for me, and I learned many lessons.

	The difference in ability between me and Rose.

	The establishment of a fighting style using the Healing Accelerated Fist.

	If you only look at the result, it was just that I got beaten up first after being held back, but I certainly felt that I made progress.

	“Well, let’s go see the Leader.”

	Soon after I woke up from my stupor, it was time for dinner. Since it was a good opportunity, I invited Amako to dinner as well, and we spent dinner time in the cafeteria, which was now bigger than when I arrived, and could be called the rescue squad’s only resting time.

	But before dinner, Amako, Nea, and Ferrum had a little quarrel…… or something like that. I was a little surprised to see them doing something like that.

	I was relieved that Ferme and Amako got along well, although I was a little shaken by Amako, who had used her precognitive magic to anticipate their moves and had struck them back, but I managed to remonstrate with the sullen little fox and the half-crying demon and monster.

	“……What is this, I’m your guardian or something…”

	I muttered to myself as I walked down the corridor leading to the Leader’s office after dropping Amako off.

	Her personality is similar to mine in some ways, and I can’t help but care for her. In addition, I heard about the nature of dark magicians from Koga and found out that Ferrum has been living alone, so I’m worried……, or maybe I’m feeling sorry for her.

	“Emotion-driven magic, huh?”

	To me, dark magic seems to be a very unstable magic. In other words, dark magic is the manifestation of one’s own negative emotions in the form of magic.

	Ferrum is an armor of reversal, born of loneliness that no one can touch.

	While Koga is a restraint that binds the animal nature that only finds joy in battle.

	“So how is Ferrum’s magic now?”

	Now, she’s not alone.

	I’m ashamed if I’m the only one who thinks so, but if she thinks so too, then…… when Ferrum’s magic is restored, will her dark magic remain the same as before? Or—-

	“Oh.”

	I was so engrossed in my thoughts that I almost ran into the door of the Leader’s office.

	I’ll put aside what I’ve been thinking about for now. From now on, I have to switch my attention to talking with Rose.

	“Leader, this is Usato.”

	“Yeah, come in.”

	“Excuse me.”

	After answering, I entered the Leader’s office.

	Rose, who was sitting by the window looking out, looked back at me and sat down in her chair, crossing her arms.

	“You sit down, too. It’s a bit of a long story.”

	“Huh……”

	I sat down in the chair that had been placed so that I was facing Rose.

	It’s going to be a long story, is it something important?

	“First of all, you know that I was summoned to the castle yesterday, right?”

	“Yes, is it something to do with me?”

	“Yes. You may have heard about it, but it was decided that a meeting between the four kingdoms of Lingle, Samaria, Calm Helio and Nirvana will be held in the Magic City of Lukvis in the near future. As the representatives of the Kingdom of Lingle who will be heading there, the knight-errant Sigurth, the resident magician Welsey, the heroes Suzune and Kazuki, and you have been appointed.”

	The decision was made sooner than I expected, but I guess I’m going too.

	It’s not surprising, since I’m the one who gave Samaria the letter. I guess I’ll need to be the bridge to the other side.

	“When will you be leaving?”

	“We’ve already sent word to the countries that the talks will take place. We’ll be leaving in a week at the latest.”

	A week? That’s less time than I thought.

	It would take a long time to get from the Kingdom of Lingle to Samaria by carriage, so they might have taken that into consideration.

	“Lloyd-sama says he won’t force you to go if you refuse.”

	“No, I will go. I’m the one who gave the letter to Samaria, so I’m going to take responsibility until the end.”

	I can’t just throw it away halfway.

	Besides, I’m sure senpai and Kazuki will go, too. If it was just me, I would have been worried, but with the two of you, I’m fine.

	Rose nodded in response to my answer.

	“Then I guess you can’t call yourself a rescue squad anymore.”

	“Huh? What does that mean,……?”

	I was about to ask a question when Rose threw something at me.

	As soon as I caught it, I saw that it was a cloak with a white hood that I hadn’t seen for a while.

	“Oh! It’s fixed!”

	“It’s a good thing I asked to repair it as soon as possible. There’s no way you’re going to wear an inappropriate cloak to a meeting.”

	Nodding at Rose’s words, I sleeved up the uniform.

	Glad to feel the familiar comfort, I asked her about her words earlier.

	“Thank you for fixing it for me. So, what do you mean by the title?”

	“It means exactly what it says. You’re not just a rescue squad from today.”

	I’m getting even more clueless.

	I’m no longer just a rescue squad? What does that mean?

	I’m called a member because I belong to the rescue squad, and if I’m no longer a member, then that means I’m…… going to be moved from the rescue squad to some other…… place?

	Horrified at the thought, Rose smiled, as belligerent as ever.

	“Actually, I’ve had a hunch ever since I trained you as a chick. No matter how much you were abused, you were stubborn enough to stand up. You little brat did not break down no matter how many times you’re abused and bounce back at me.”

	Am I really being blamed? Or am I being praised?

	It’s a strange situation for me to be praised for being stubborn and cocky, though you say it with such joy.

	“When I first saw you, I thought you were just some kid from nowhere, but when I opened my eyes, I realized you were one hell of a guy.”

	“Please don’t make it sound as if I was a bad guy to begin with……”

	“There’s no way a normal kid can withstand my training.”

	Why should I be treated like a terrible person by the person who put that training on me?

	“That’s why you’re the best choice.”

	Rose’s smile deepens at my confusion.

	I wait for her next words while being engulfed in a different atmosphere than before.

	“Usato Ken. From now on, I’m appointing you as the vice commander of the rescue squad.”

	“……What?”

	The words were so sudden that my mind went blank.

	After a few seconds or so, I finally recognize her words and my thoughts stop again.

	Vice Commander.

	I didn’t even know there was such a title until now.

	No, in the first place, I hadn’t even thought that there was a rank other than Leader in the rescue squad.

	“What? So surprised you can’t even speak?”

	“Isn’t that too sudden? It’s not like there’s a deputy commander, you’re suddenly……”

	“Oh? I told you before the mock battle. I said I would assess you. As a result, you’ve exceeded my expectations.”

	You did say you’d assess me, but there was no way I was going to think that meant assessing whether or not I was worthy of being Vice Commander.

	Seeing me in a complete panic, Rose smiles in an amused way, but she doesn’t seem to be making fun of the words as a joke at all.

	She’s really going to appoint me as the vice of the rescue squad.

	“I’ve been planning to do this since the beginning. From the moment I started training you. I told you. You’re going to be my right-hand man.”

	You did say that.

	But I thought it was a joke……

	“But, I don’t think I’m the right person to be the vice commander…… I’m sure there’s someone more fitted, and they’ll surely try to overthrow me immediately.”

	“……Sigh, seriously.”

	With a dismissive smile, Rose got up from her chair, walked over to me and slammed a pin into my forehead.

	I felt like I was going to fall over as stars popped in my vision from the powerful blow, but I held on and looked up at Rose.

	“Do you think I’d appoint someone unworthy to be my vice commander? Of course I chose you, Usato, because I thought you could handle it.”

	“I would?”

	“Besides, Alec and the others approve of you more than you think. If you still can’t believe it—-“

	She stops speaking for a moment there and raises her fist in front of me.

	“Try to make them admit it. Just like you did with me.”

	“……”

	The title of vice commander is too big for me.

	But on the flip side, it means that Rose thinks highly of me enough to entrust me with such a title.

	To be honest, even now that I’ve been told face to face like this, I don’t know if I’m worthy of being vice commander.

	But, but… I don’t think it’s like me to dwell on it forever after being told this much.

	“I accept the position of vice commander.”

	“Okay.”

	Rose nodded in satisfaction at my words.

	She sat down on the chair in the Leader’s office and leaned her body against the backrest.

	“From now on, make sure you behave in a manner that does not disgrace the title of vice commander. You may return.”

	“Yes.”

	Realizing that I was once again the vice commander, I bowed to Rose and was about to leave, when I suddenly remembered the words Rose had said to me during today’s battle.

	[I never thought I’d be attacked. Not since……?]

	He was the one who attacked Rose, who could not be touched without unleashing a one-time hidden gem called the Continuous Healing Fist.

	How could I not be concerned?

	I lowered my hand on the door and turned around to ask her about it.

	“Um, I have a question for you……”

	“What is it?”

	“Who was the person who attacked the Leader before me?”

	“!”

	I see Rose’s eyes widen slightly at the question, and I think I’ve lost it.

	Is there some reason for this? No, it was an opponent that could attack Rose. In fact, even the assumption that it is a humanoid creature might be wrong.

	There is even a possibility that it had a body even bigger than that wicked dragon.

	After a few dozen seconds of silence, Rose nodded and finally opened her mouth.

	“……Let’s talk about this for a bit.”

	A somewhat grave tone.

	The atmosphere was completely different from what she had been used to, and she was inwardly confused.

	“That thing that attacked me was a demon.”

	“Are you saying that you were wounded during the war with the Demon Lord’s army?”

	“No, no. It was before the Demon Lord awoke from the seal that we faced him.”

	Before he woke up from the seal……?

	Isn’t that before the rescue squad was created?

	Not caring that I couldn’t keep up with her thoughts, Rose continued to speak.

	“The man’s name is Nero Argento. He is a mage who rules the wind. And……”

	She broke off there and after meditating once, she gazed at me with her strong-willed ship’s eyes as if to shoot me and said those words.

	“It’s also the name of the man who scarred my right eye.”

	“Nero Argento……”

	After hearing that name from Rose, I left the Leader’s office. No, to be precise, Rose didn’t tell me any more.

	I lay down on the bed, staring at the ceiling and muttering the name of the mage who had scarred Rose’s right eye.

	The scar on Rose’s right eye had been bothering her for a long time.

	As well as the fact that she occasionally held her hand over her right eye as if it was a habit, somewhere in the back of my mind I had been wondering why she, who could use healing magic, had left a scar on her right eye.

	“……and that.”

	The name reminded me that the fire-controlling Third Legion commander that Arc-san fought in Hinomoto, the Land of Beasts, claimed to be that man’s apprentice.

	I fought with Koga, so I wasn’t able to see him fight, but I heard that the leader of the Third Legion wore flames like armor, and had overwhelming firepower and strength.

	The fact that he has as his apprentice a person who is powerful enough to rise to the rank of legion commander does not mean that I can measure his strength.

	“I wonder what happened to him.”

	When she revealed Nero Argento’s name to me, I had the feeling that Rose was a little different…… than usual.

	“I guess we’ll wait for her to tell us.”

	As I left the Leader’s office, Rose told me that she would tell me everything eventually.

	It’s not that she hasn’t made up her mind to tell me, it’s more that she doesn’t want me to get upset and interfere with the upcoming meeting.

	If that’s the case, I should stop thinking about it and focus on what’s in front of me.

	“……”

	Suddenly, I look at the repaired troupe uniform hanging on the wall.

	You can’t even see the original damage, and it looks the same as it did before, but now that I’m the vice commander, the weight of being the one standing on top of the group suddenly hits me when I put my sleeve on it.

	Expectations from Rose.

	Anxiety about myself.

	The weight of the title of Vice Commander.

	I feel crushed by it all, but I’m determined to carry it on.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	After the hellish training, the battle against the Demon King’s army, and the difficult and painful journey, the prologue for Usato has finally come to an end.





Chapter 160

	It’s already been a week since I became the vice commander of the Rescue Squad.

	For a while, I was expecting the group of tough guys who didn’t approve of me as vice commander to attack me by surprise, but contrary to my expectations, they were positive about me taking over as vice commander.

	On the other hand, it was Ferrum who pounced on me.

	[I can’t accept that you’ll be standing over me! You monster of a human!]

	I forgave her with a flick to the forehead, but she was still unconvinced and attacked me every day after that.

	I began to wonder if this is what it feels like to be a rebellious older brother with a younger sister.

	No, I’m an only child, but…

	“Usato-san.”

	“Hmm? Oh it’s you Nack? Don’t just stand there, come sit down?”

	The night before we left for Lukvis for the meeting of the four kingdoms.

	After dinner, I was sitting on the training field for a change, looking at the night scenery, when Nack came out of the dormitory and called out to me.

	I let Nack sit next to me for now, and then asked him what he wanted.

	“So, what’s up?”

	“Um, you’re going to Lukvis tomorrow, aren’t you?”

	“That’s right……”

	In case you’re wondering, Nea is going to be staying this time.

	She wanted to go, but Rose said that there was a problem with taking Nea to the meeting because of her ability to charm and magic, which might make the other party distrust her.

	……Though I never intended to let her use such abilities.

	Nea is going to spend her days in training with Ferrum while I’m in Lukvis. Something about…… spiritual training and evasion training with her.

	It seems to be a lot of fun, but Nea and Ferrum looked at me like it was the end of the world and asked for my help.

	“Well then, can you tell…… Kiriha and the others that I said hello? They were very helpful to me when I left Lukvis. If you happen to see them……”

	“Okay. I’ll be sure to tell him you said hi.”

	When I get to Lukvis, I plan to meet Kiriha and the others in my free time.

	I’ll have a lot of stories to tell them too. I’m sure Kyou and Satsuki will be very interested to hear about it.

	“I wish you could have been there, though.”

	After assuming the post of vice commander, I went to the castle and asked Welsey-san if I could take Amako with me, and she gave me permission more easily than I expected.

	After I told Amako that, I suddenly thought that I could take Nack with me……, but Nack of all people, refused.

	“I’m actually tempted to go too, but there’s…… Meena there in Lukvis.”

	“Aah, that girl,…… Do you still have a hard time with her?”

	A winsome girl with striking red twin-tails who used to torment Nack.

	However, from the way Nack talks about her, it seems that Nack doesn’t hate Meena, but simply doesn’t want to see her.

	Did something happen with her after I left Lukvis?

	“It’s not that I’m not good with her. I had a chance to talk to her a little bit before I left Lukvis, but instead of apologizing to me, she just said, ‘You’re the one who’s always dwelling on it.’ It’s true that I’m in the wrong too, but the way she reversed that situation was actually refreshing.”

	“And then what happened? Did you guys just quarrel and break up?

	“For the most part, yes, but then she said something about coming to see me after she graduated from school…… I have no idea what she wants, even though I’m already separated from my parents.”

	“……I see.”

	Hoho, this.

	I smiled and patted Nack on the shoulder, nodding along.

	“Well, Nack. You’re kind of dense, aren’t you?”

	“Excuse me, are you serious about that? How could Usato-san of all people say that to me?”

	“Huh?”

	He answered immediately in a rather serious tone of voice.

	I was confused by the unexpected response, and Nack laughed at me, waving his hand to the side as he spoke.

	“First of all, it’s impossible. She’s training in magic to get revenge on me, and she’s going to come here after she graduates from the academy, right? No matter how you look at it, she can’t possibly have such a maidenly idea. She just can’t stand the fact that she’s always losing to me, that’s all.”

	“Oh, is that so……?”

	“That’s right. She’s hated to lose since she was little.”

	I see. So she can’t stand to lose.

	I’m not sure I understand.

	I can’t fully grasp the relationship between Nack and Meena, but for now, I understand that Nack and Meena are like rivals.

	“Anyway, I’ll tell Kiriha and the others about you.”

	“Thank you.”

	“Don’t thank me, I’ve been wanting to tell Kiriha and the others about you too.”

	There are people I want to meet in Lukvis, but I’m not going there for fun.

	As one of the representatives of the Kingdom of Lingle—and as the vice commander of the rescue squad, I have to make sure that I fulfill the mission I’ve been given.

	“Oh, that’s right. While I’m in Lukvis, could you feed Bluerin for me? I’ve asked Nea and Ferrum to do the same, but I’m a little nervous because they can be a bit ditzy.”

	“Leave that to me.”

	“After that, it would be nice if you could let him exercise and stuff……”

	No, it’s too much to ask for that.

	Bluerin will move when he’s motivated, but he’s a bit of a pain in the ass, so it’s a long time before he’ll move.

	“I’ve been given permission for voluntary training too, so I’ll exercise with Bluerin.”

	“Are you sure? That guy might mistake you for me and put you on his back……”

	When I asked him that, he smiled in annoyance and said, ‘In case of emergency, I’ll call for help from the people around me.’

	I stood up, inwardly happy to see his growth, as he had never relied on those around him in Lukvis.

	“Well, I think I’ll get an early night to get ready for tomorrow.”

	“Well then, let’s go back to our quarters.”

	Brushing the leaves from my clothes, I stood up and Nack and I walked to our quarters.

	I’m going to leave here early tomorrow morning, so better make sure I don’t oversleep.

	Early morning the next day.

	I was able to wake up without oversleeping, so I grabbed my luggage that I had prepared beforehand, and after saying goodbye to Rose, I went to pick up Amako.

	Nea, who had transformed into an owl, was hiding in my luggage and was trying to follow me.

	Even I, who was carrying my luggage, didn’t notice that she was lurking, but she met the wrong person. When I greeted her, Rose thrust her arm into my luggage and immediately caught Nea from hiding.

	When I asked her how she’d managed to snuff her out, she simply replied with a short “hunch”.

	It was a moment that made me realize that the sixth sense is even more supernatural than magic.

	After such a commotion, I left the rescue squad’s dormitory in a bit of a hurry, and headed to the city to pick up Amako as planned.

	It had been a long time since I had worn the uniform of the group, and I was deeply moved by the feeling of “this is it after all” as I walked through the city in the morning mist.

	“Good morning, Usato.”

	“Good morning. Looks like you didn’t oversleep and woke up.”

	I teased Amako about that as I returned her greeting, and she looked up at me with a slightly miffed expression on her face.

	“I’m not that much of a kid.”

	“Haha, I know.”

	Although small in stature, this girl is as strong as an adult…… or even as mentally strong as an adult.

	But even so, she occasionally responds in a way that is appropriate for her age, like now.

	“Where’s Nea?”

	“She’s at home. In the meantime, she’ll be training with the Leader.”

	“Really?”

	The image that comes to my mind is the one from just a few minutes ago, where Nea was caught by Rose as she tried to follow me, and was dragged to the training grounds with Ferrum, who somehow got caught up in it.

	I want to protect her, but it’s impossible with Rose as her opponent.

	After that, I headed for the castle gate with Amako, exchanging idle chit-chat.

	When we reached the castle gate in about ten minutes, we saw several familiar faces and knights gathered in a large carriage.

	Senpai, Kazuki, and then Sigurs-san and Welshy-san.

	When I saw the four of them and the knights, I raised my hand and exchanged greetings with them.

	Since there was no battle involved, Senpai and Kazuki were wearing clothes similar to their normal clothes, unlike when they left for the trip.

	“So the journey is already familiar to you two?”

	“Yes, we are. It’s not like we’ve been traveling for months on end.”

	“We’ve been through it once, and we’re not as nervous as we were the first time.”

	Senpai and Kazuki replied to my question.

	In fact, the trip is something I’m familiar with as well, so I think I’ll be able to leave much more relaxed than I was at the beginning.

	I shift my gaze from the two of them to Welshy-san.

	“Welshy-san. Are we leaving soon?”

	“Ah, good morning, Usato-sama. We’re just getting ready to leave now.”

	Well then, it looks like we arrived at just the right time.

	When we were told that everything was ready, the five of us (me, senpai, Kazuki, Amako, and Welshy-san) entered the carriage. Sigurs-san and the knights are going to escort the carriage with their horses.

	“Man, it’s kind of the same as when we first set out on our journey, isn’t it?”

	“It was us five people, including Welshy, at that time too, wasn’t it?”

	“Ah, you’re right.”

	I nodded at the words of senpai and Kazuki.

	Then, perhaps remembering that time, senpai let out an emotional exhale.

	“Compared to that time, I feel like we’ve grown up too.”

	“Well, it was only a short while ago, though. Well, I’m sure we’ve had such a dense journey that we feel that way, too.”

	“When it comes to Usato, it’s probably more accurate to say that he’s mutated rather than grown.”

	“You make it sound as if I’m changing from a human to a different creature.”

	I give a twitching smile to Amako, who interjects next to me.

	I’m sure I’ve grown, but not to the point where I look different……

	“It’s not like it’s another creature, it’s more like a new creature called Usato.”

	“Finally, my name is now the name of my species……”

	“Usato-kun, I think that’s possible! One family, one species, one superbeing! There’s something about that…… that makes me smile! It’s like a one-of-a-kind thing!”

	“I can’t understand why you feel that way, but if the subject is me, it’s completely ruined……”

	Is senpai really following me?

	No, I could tell from the smile on her face that she meant what she said.

	Looking at my slumped shoulders, Welshy-san and Kazuki laughed as if they were troubled.

	“Ha ha…… But what’s different from that time is that the purpose of this time is a meeting, right?”

	“Ah, yes. The fact that I’m aware that I’ll be able to leave earlier than last time, that’s going to change my mind and stuff a lot.”

	The previous trip to hand over the letter was expected to take a long time, but this meeting will allow us to return to the Lingle Kingdom in a relatively short time.

	The meeting itself will begin as soon as the representatives of each country have gathered, so it won’t take more than a week from the time we arrive at the latest.

	If there is an accident or something, though, the schedule of the meeting might be delayed a lot.

	“Oh, that’s right. I’ll tell everyone about the meeting while I’m at it.”

	As I was thinking about this, Welshy-san approached us.

	Rose has given me a general idea about the talks, but I don’t have a good grasp of what I need to clarify.

	Will there be an explanation for that as well?

	“Your role in the meeting will be to meet with the representatives of the kingdoms you have each visited. Sigurs-san and I will be running the meeting, so please don’t worry about that.”

	“Besides the face-to-face meeting, is there anything else we should be doing?”

	“Kazuki-sama and Suzune-sama, as the heroes of Lingle Kingdom, and Usato-sama, as the vice commander of the rescue squad, please behave in a manner befitting your titles. The meeting will probably be attended by the powerful people of each kingdom.”

	“Powerful people? That’s……”

	“Those who are in the same position as Sigur Rousseau in our country, and also have the ability. If you’ve been to each of these countries, I’m sure there’s someone you can think of.”

	Kazuki and senpai nodded, as if someone had come to mind with Welshy-san’s words.

	The most powerful person in Samaria, the country I went to is…… Fegnis-san, but that person was probably a problem before he came here.

	He lost the curse that he had been protecting, and on top of that, he found out that he had been helping the magician in his evil deeds.

	What he was trying to do was unforgivable, but unlike the magician who was acting out of self-interest, he was acting for the sake of the Kingdom of Samaria.

	If Fegnis-sama’s family hadn’t been distorted by the existence of magicians, he might have been a genuinely good person who cared about his country.

	“Usato?”

	“Huh? Oh, sorry. I was just a little zoned out.”

	I seemed to be in a daze, lost in thought for a bit.

	I smiled back at Amako, who had approached me with concern, and listened to what Welshy-san had to say.

	“One of the purposes of this meeting is to make friends with the people who will stand shoulder to shoulder with us in the battle against the Demon King’s army.”

	“I see. It’s not like we can immediately trust each other after being asked to fight together for the first time, right? It’s true that we need to meet beforehand. But I wonder what kind of people will be there. I get a little excited when I hear that it’s someone from the kingdom.”

	I laughed at the same old senpai who said that happily.

	“Senpai, please don’t ask me to fight a duel out of the blue.”

	“I’m not going to do that! What do you think I am, Usato?

	“No, it’s just a precaution. I can’t predict what senpai will do, you know.”

	“I don’t want you to say that, Usato-kun! Hey, Amako, you think so too, don’t you?”

	“Yeah, I don’t think Usato should say that.”

	Ooh, here Amako went with senpai.

	I can’t hide my upset at this unexpected betrayal.

	As I was about to open my mouth to at least argue, Welshy-san and Kazuki, who had been listening to our conversation, spoke up first.

	“Usato-sama has an image of doing terrible things if you take your eyes off him for a moment. Like when he was trying to forcibly acquire the enhancement……”

	“I’m sure that Usato does things that you wouldn’t normally think of. That’s the great thing about Usato, though.”

	Aside from Kazuki, who smiled and praised me, I never thought that I would be in a situation where I would be pushed into a corner in this situation.

	As I was wondering how I should argue after being told so much, Amako shifted her gaze from me to senpai.

	“But Suzune also does unexpected things in a different direction than Usato, so in the end, it’s either one or the other.”

	“Amako!”

	“Oh, sure. She forgot herself when she was with Flana.”

	“Kazuki-kun!

	“Suzune-sama is just as much of a mess as Usato-sama, you know.”

	“Even Welshy…… I’m going to be dissed by this trend!”

	As if to drive home the point, Amako, Kazuki, and Welshy-san in that order retorted her, and senpai slumped her shoulders in shock and depression.

	After struggling for a few seconds, senpai turned her gaze to me and smiled coolly for a change.

	“I see…… Usato-kun and I are the same. That means you and I are avec, right?”

	“I’m sorry. I don’t understand what you’re saying because you’re spinning theories so much. I’m sure you’ll be able to understand what I’m talking about.”

	Her shoulders slumped as she heard me say something completely absurd.

	It’s a good thing we left the Lingle Kingdom, but I’m sure I’ll be exhausted from all the retorts and stuff until we get there.





Chapter 161

	My friend who was in the same class as me in the original world said that traveling is fun on the way to the destination.

	I think they’re right.

	Arriving at the destination is important, but watching the scenery change, the flora and fauna change along the way is also very enjoyable.

	And in the short time it takes to reach the destination, talking with friends is one of the pleasures —– that’s what I thought until about this morning.

	“Senpai. Enough, please stop trying to hug Amako under the guise of sleeping.”

	Currently, I’m lecturing my senpai in front of her, who is sitting upright in the carriage.

	For the past few days, senpai didn’t listen to my repeated advice and went into action to use Amako as a hug pillow by feigning sleep. Each time, Amako avoided her, but she never gave up so I decided to give her a sermon even though I was very reluctant to do so. I had to give a sort of lecture.

	“You’re being very unfair, Usato. Where’s the proof?”

	“Isn’t the current crime enough for you……?”

	However, even so, senpai continued to remain stubbornly silent.

	This was despite the fact that everyone present had witnessed senpai’s crime.

	“Hmph, I have a habit of hugging the fox girl next to me when I’m sleeping. It’s one of the ten secrets I’ve kept hidden with a will of steel.”

	“How pinpoint of a habit is that? It’s almost as if you’ve already confessed to it.”

	“Ah, I hope Usato-kun will take responsibility for making me talk about my secret.”

	“Senpai. Please feel how I feel when you expose my secret without permission and demand that I take responsibility.”

	Why is she so imposing when she’s made to sit on the floor? How can she look at me as if she expects something from me? And really, a will of steel.

	Kazuki and Welshie-san are laughing, and Amako is looking down at senpai with the coldest eyes ever.

	I know that no matter what I say, she’s going to resist, so I sigh and turn my gaze to Amako.

	She nodded head and spoke to senpai with a hint of embarrassment.

	“Suzune, if you were honest with me, I would at least consider sleeping with you in my arms……”

	“I, Inukami Suzune, admit that I tried to cuddle Amako while I was awake.”

	“Oi, where’s your will of steel?”

	How loyal to your desires are you, this girl? Your will is not steel anymore, it’s more fragile than tofu.

	To senpai’s graceful admission, Amako tilted her head adorably and made a gesture of thinking, then showed a smile that she rarely showed.

	“I’ve given it a lot of thought, and from today on, Suzune and I will be sleeping about five people apart.”

	“The best smile since we started traveling!”

	“I didn’t say I’d do it for you, just that I’d think about it.”

	“You’re schemed against me!”

	Well, it’s true that Amako only said she’d think about it.

	She was talking to me, as if she was really shocked that Amako had tricked her.

	“Usato-kun, Amako lied to me!”

	“I think it’s a perfectly legitimate decision……”

	“Noooo.”

	“No, even with such a pained expression on your face,…… Here, you don’t have to sit on the floor anymore, please stand up.”

	I reach out my hand and make senpai stand up and sit on the seat.

	Having regained her composure, senpai crossed her arms and spoke to us as if nothing had happened.

	“Well, it’s been three days since we left, but traveling by carriage isn’t so bad, is it?”

	“It’s hard to believe that we just had an exchange like that earlier, with your attitude and words……”

	“Well, a carriage ride isn’t so bad!”

	Are you going to continue with that act?

	It’s not a bad thing that…… senior is still as energetic as ever, so let’s keep talking.

	“The journey after we left Lukvis was on foot for us. When you think about it, traveling in a carriage is nice and different.”

	“Me and senpai were on horses, but it’s pretty nice to be able to relax somewhat rather than holding the reins by yourself.”

	It may seem a bit of a waste to travel without moving, but it’s still comfortable.

	It’s very natural(?). As we were talking about the vehicle, Welshy-san, who had been silent until a moment ago, looked up and spoke to me.

	“Um, Usato-sama. I’d like to ask you something, if you don’t mind.”

	“Yeah sure, what is it?”

	“Thank you.”

	She looked somewhat distressed, but what was the matter?

	“I’d like to ask you about Falga-sama……”

	“What? You want to know about… Falga-sama?”

	When I showed my gauntlet in front of Lloyd-sama before, she was very interested in them, so I knew what to expect……

	Surprised by Welshy-san’s words, Kazuki next to me tilted his head.

	“Falga-sama is, I believe, the divine dragon…… that protects Mia Rak that Usato went to, right?”

	“Yeah. Remeber the one I told you about before, the person who’s going to prepare the hero’s weapon for you and senpai?”

	Falga-sama’s existence is a closely guarded secret, known only to the royal family of Mia Rak. I’ve told Kazuki, the person who will receive the hero’s weapon, but…… what does Welshy-san want to ask?

	“Can you please arrange for the Queen of Mia Rak to have an audience with the divine dragon……!”

	“What?”

	An audience, you mean you want to meet with Falga-sama, right?

	While everyone except Welshy-san was unable to speak in surprise, she had a thoughtful expression on her face.

	“It’s never for personal gain, sir.”

	“No, I understand that because it’s Welsey. But I want you to tell me why you’re asking Usato-kun to do this.”

	“Of course, I’ll tell you.”

	Welshy-san, who looked around at us with a somewhat nervous expression, took a breath and then opened her mouth.

	“Kazuki-sama and Suzune-sama may know this, but we magicians working for the kingdom are researching the art of returning those who have been summoned to our world.”

	“Those summoned to your world, you mean us, right?”

	“Yes. When we summoned you, we used a scroll written in an ancient book of the kingdom to activate the summoning technique.”

	“A scroll?”

	There was something fantasy-like about the word.

	With a name like that, is it some kind of paper that contains magic or sorcery?

	“A scroll is a piece of paper that contains magic or sorcery. It is a technology that is now as obsolete as sorcery, but a scroll with the technique of ‘Summoning the Hero’ was found deep in the Great Library of this Lingle Kingdom.”

	We……, or rather senpai and Kazuki, were a little surprised because we didn’t know about this how to summon a hero.

	However, the fact that a scroll for summoning a hero was found in the Kingdom of Lingle was kind of strange.

	Looking sideways at senpai, she murmurs with some glee, “Scrolls are a fantasy too, aren’t they?

	……Even during serious conversations, senpai is still the same.

	I regained my composure and posed a question to Welshy-san.

	“Are those scrolls still in place?”

	“When the summoning was activated, the scroll was burned up along with the old book. Afterwards, you were all summoned……”

	“So it’s as we know it from there……”

	“……Yes.”

	While senpai and Kazuki were training as heroes in the kingdom, I was taken away by Rose to the rescue squad instead of being abducted…… and had to spend my days in training.

	“So, what does this have to do with the time we were summoned and Falga-sama’s story?”

	“I’ll be honest with you. We, the magicians of the kingdom, are unable to find a way to return you to the other world……”

	We were speechless as Welshy-san said this with a sad face, but we were also shocked to hear her say it as if she was trapped to this point.

	“We’ve lost too much technology to allow you to return to your home world.”

	Too much has been lost?

	What does that even mean?

	Before I can ask that question, Welshy-san utters the words in a mumble.

	“A few hundred years ago, that is, before the Demon Lord and the previous generation of heroes were fighting, humanity was engaged in a bitter territorial war.”

	“Can we call that a war?”

	Welshy-san nodded at senpai’s words.

	Before the Demon King and the previous heroes fought, when there was no common enemy of mankind, the Demon King’s army, the humans were fighting each other?

	It’s not something I don’t understand, but I’m really glad that senpai and Kazuki weren’t summoned to that era.

	“It was a time when it was commonplace to plunder other countries’ lands, cultures, and magic systems in order to take them in and make them your own power. It is said that magic was used at a much more advanced level than it is now. That’s exactly why one out of five people were able to handle system enhancement, which has few users nowadays.”

	“Really? That much?”

	“That’s what was written in the literature, but I think it’s almost a fact. In any case, it was a harsh era where battles never ceased, so the quality of warriors must have been suitably improved.”

	One out of every five warriors had a magic proficiency or system enhancement.

	It’s too dangerous, that era. I can’t imagine it very well.

	“However, the era of humanity’s battles came to an end with the rise of the Demon Lord’s army led by the Demon King. Because humanity had no choice but to unite in the face of the powerful Demon Lord’s army,……”

	“I had a vague idea, but the Demon Lord’s Army at that time was such a powerful opponent……”

	“Yes…… But ironically, having a common enemy in the form of the Demon Lord’s Army allowed the nations that were fighting each other to unite.”

	It’s similar to the present day in terms of uniting to fight against the Demon Lord’s Army, but the individual strengths are too far apart then and now.

	I can’t really say it’s the same situation……

	“After the Demon Lord was sealed by the previous generation of heroes, a peaceful world without fighting continued until the current era…… In those long years, we have lost a lot of technology.”

	“Is that like sorcery?”

	“Yes. And scrolls, too. These were technologies that were used in many wars. But as the wars ceased and the days of peace continued, the techniques that were passed on faded away, and eventually there was no one left to pass them on.”

	So, if there is no one to pass it on, it will eventually disappear.

	When it comes to magic, you have to spend a lot of time learning it.

	“Summoning heroes is a lost technology in this day and age. It is very difficult to restore it or to find a way to analyze it and return it to your world. However, it was at such a time that I learned that Usato-sama had met the divine dragon that lives forever, Falga-sama.”

	“No way, the reason why you want to meet Falga-sama is……”

	“Yes. I was wondering if he could help me find a way to return you to your world, or if he could lend me his wisdom.”

	Falga-sama is a divine dragon who has lived for a long time, and he knows a lot about magic.

	He might also know about summoning heroes.

	As I was thinking about this, a determined Welshy-san bowed deeply.

	“I am well aware that this is an impossible request. However, I have a duty to return everyone who lived in the peaceful world to the original world. For that purpose, I will do everything in my power.”

	I knew that Welshy-san was concerned about the fact that she had summoned us.

	Maybe even if we said we didn’t care, this person would feel responsible for getting us involved.

	Unlike senpai and Kazuki, I rarely had the chance to talk to Welshy-san, but even I can tell that she is a very kind-hearted woman.

	……If she told me this much, I couldn’t say no, could I?

	“……I understand. I will try to negotiate with the Queen of Mia Rak, Norn-sama, to see if I can meet with Falga-sama.”

	“Yes, thank you very much.”

	“However, we may not be able to meet right away. The battle against the Demon King’s army is imminent, and Falga-sama is in the middle of building weapons for Kazuki and senpai, so……”

	“It can be done after we finish the battle against the Demon King’s army. I can wait as long as you can advance the research of the return technique that was about to stagnate!”

	I should send a Hoot Bird to Leona-san when I return to the Kingdom of Lingle.

	I can’t just send a letter to the royal family myself, you know.

	But…… a “return ceremony”.

	I look at Kazuki and senpai and shake off the thoughts that come into my head.

	It’s up to me to decide whether I want to return to my world or not. It’s not something that should be considered on the basis of Kazuki and senpai.

	However, I can’t remain optimistic forever.

	“Usato-kun?”

	“……yes?”

	“No, you’re just staring at me in a daze…… I guess you’ve finally found me attractive, huh?”

	If you’re embarrassed after saying it yourself, you shouldn’t have said it.

	……I should try to get in on senpai’s joke once in a while.

	“Yes, I think it’s very attractive that you’re energetic and humorous no matter what the situation is.”

	“So, is that a compliment, or are you calling me an airhead in more ways than one……?”

	“It’s both, isn’t it?”

	“Amako is pretty harsh too……”

	I chuckle at senpai who is depressed by Amako’s words.

	I feel kind of grateful when I think about the fact that we can laugh like this because of the times we live in.

	If we had been summoned in an age of constant strife, senpai and Kazuki might have been forced to fight as beings just for the sake of fighting. Thinking about that, I felt a chill in the bottom of my heart.

	What would have happened to me if I had gotten caught up in that?

	I could be treated as useless and discarded, or I could be sent off to war as a pure healing magician.

	Either way, it’s certainly no more laughable than it is now.

	“No, wait. A few hundred years ago, it wouldn’t have been unusual for healing magicians to fight like me and Leader……?”

	It was a time when magic of a higher standard was more widespread than now.

	The way of healing magicians might have been completely different from what it is now.

	When I muttered this, everyone’s gaze gathered on me except mine.

	“That’s a funny joke. Usato.”

	“No, no, it’s not. Usato-kun.”

	“It’s just a quirk.”

	“Unfortunately, we have not been able to confirm any such references……”

	What’s with this total retort?

	I didn’t realize that even a sliver of hope would be smashed……

	Flustered, I squeeze out the words.

	“I-isn’t it too much to deny it all together?”

	“Haha…… I heard that healing magicians back then were considered much more important than they are now. In the midst of battle, there was an overabundance of injured people that could not even be compensated by the degree of recovery magic possessed by the individual, so magic users who could exert immense healing power like healing magic were valued.”

	I see, I was settled in my original role of healing people in a straightforward manner.

	As I was giving a vague response to the unexpectedly decent answer, Amako put her palm on the back of my hand.

	“Hey, Usato. Do you think a healing magician can become like Usato or Rose with normal training?”

	“Yeah, sure they can, if you train like crazy……”

	“No, right?”

	“……No, they can’t.”

	Why am I being gently admonished by a girl younger than me?

	Amako nodded her head in satisfaction at my words.

	“The healing magician who did something out of the ordinary is Usato, okay? Usato should admit that he is a healing magician who has done something out of the ordinary.”

	“No, but……”

	“So you’re going to move around inhumanly from now on without admitting it?”

	Amako’s expression twitches as she tilts her head adorably.

	No way, this girl is serious. And she’s saying it with the intention of really telling me off, not making fun of me or anything like that.

	I was almost crying with a different kind of emotion.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	It was a rather dangerous time before the previous generation of heroes was summoned.

	This time, it was a bit of an explanation session.





Chapter 162

	After traveling in a horse-drawn carriage, we arrived safely at the magic city of Lukvis.

	This is the second time I’ve visited this city, but not much has changed since before. However, I still felt a bit deeply moved when I thought that Kazuki and senpai had started their respective journeys from here.

	“Unlike last time, we’ll continue to take the carriage to the center of the city. I’m not sure yet if the discussion will start immediately, but I would like you all to be prepared.”

	I nodded at Welshie-san’s words.

	I’ve met with people of high status many times in the course of my travels, but I’m still not used to it. I should make sure I’m well groomed just in case.

	As I was adjusting the collar of my uniform, I noticed that Kazuki was looking at the scenery outside the carriage.

	Looking out of the corner of his eye, I saw the scenery of the city of Lukvis.

	“This place is still full of children, isn’t it?”

	“So is every other country I’ve visited on my travels, but this place is distinctive enough, isn’t it?”

	“……The kingdom of Nirvarna I went to was the complete opposite of this place. It was kind of a place with a lot of meaty people.”

	Come to think of it, Kazuki had told me very little about the Nirvarna Kingdom. He did tell me that they had some sort of tournament in the arena though.

	“I think Kazuki had a tournament or something like that?”

	“Yeah. The king said, ‘If you want to get what you want, you’ll have to win it by force! So I had no choice but to participate……”

	“They have a very aggressive king, huh……?”

	“Haha, he’s not a bad person though. And that’s why I was able to train my sword skills.”

	However, if Kazuki’s words are correct, the meat and muscled filled Nirvarna Kingdom’s soldiers are the complete opposite of the average healing magician.

	With the exception of me and Rose, they will recognize me as a common healing magician and treat me as such.

	I’m a little worried that I’ll be taken lightly in that case.

	“Be aware that you’re out of the norm, huh?”

	I remembered what Amako had said to me.

	Now that I’ve become the vice commander, I’m here carrying the sign of the Rescue Squad on my back.

	There was no way that I could do something that would damage the name of the Rescue Squad.

	“Okay, I’ve decided. During the meeting, I’ll try to behave with the Leader in mind.”

	I couldn’t act like I was being licked by the students like the last time I came to Lukvis.

	As I was making up my mind to do so, Welshie-san, who must have heard my muttering, called out to me.

	“Usato-sama, I thought I heard a very disturbing murmur just now…… It’s just my imagination, isn’t it?”

	“No, I meant exactly what I said. I have a position as the vice commander of the Rescue Squad. I’m sure it’s not good for the Lingle Kingdom that I’m underestimated because of my appearance, behaviour, and attributes as a healing magician.”

	“Yes, that’s true, but there’s no need to refer to Rose-sama……”

	“I understand. It’s true that the Leader is a terrifying person to say the least. But because she is such a person, it’s just right this time.”

	Yes, the aura emitted by that demon leader is something that would intimidate most opponents.

	Normally, it would unnecessarily deflate them, but this was the perfect time to meet her.

	If you want to be ridiculed, don’t let it happen.

	Show it by your presence, not your words.

	I know they’re afraid of my imitation of Rose because of the way Amako and the others reacted to me before I entered Hinomoto.

	“I don’t agree with people making fun of me just because I use healing magic, right? I think it’s fine.”

	“I agree with you. It’s important to make a first impression at a gathering like this. And there’s also the…… matter of Usato-kun’s portrait that I spread as an article……”

	It’s also a chance to dispel the rumours about the portrait of the nobleman.

	The alternative is to spread the word that you’re scary, but it’s better than being a nobleman.

	Okay, let’s give it a try.

	“During the meeting, I–“

	I brushed my bangs up with my left hand, like Rose, and sharpened my gaze with a thin smile.

	I look up, my back against the wall of the carriage, my legs crossed, with the image of Rose in my mind.

	“I’m going to stay like this as long as I can in Lukvis. Phew, I don’t think I’ll get licked this way.”

	“I knew the atmosphere would be scary too. Yeah, that’s fine. You don’t look like a healing magician.”

	“I don’t know if that’s a compliment, but thank you.”

	I thanked Amako lightly and looked at Kazuki, Senpai, and Welshie-san.

	Kazuki and Senpai react with admiration, but Welshie-san is immensely impressed.

	“Ooh, you really do look like Rose-sama!”

	“P-people can change their atmosphere so much…… Wow, a wild Usato-kun is also quite……”

	It seems to be quite popular with senpai and Kazuki.

	But as for me, I can’t stay like this forever, so I quickly relax my shoulders and talk to Welshie-san, who is still in raptures.

	“Should I stop after all?”

	“Umm, Usato-san’s behaviour itself isn’t bad but…… what should I say, I was surprised by the way he changed. The atmosphere was really similar to Rose’s.”

	“Well, that’s how much the Leader has trained you right? Rather than imitating her, it might be more correct to say that he naturally acquired her own style.”

	“It’s just that your mental structure has become closer to Rose’s……”

	I thought I heard Amako muttering something, but I didn’t hear anything. I thought it might have been me, so I dared not go through with it.

	As we were talking, the carriage came to a stop, probably having arrived at the center of the city.

	Looking around at the scenery outside, we too lightly cleaned ourselves up before getting out of the carriage.

	“This is……”

	Nearby, we could see the school building of Lukvis, and in front of a building no less than the one next to it, the carriage we had come in and a carriage that appeared to belong to another country were parked.

	I could also see other people who didn’t seem to be students from Lukvis.

	“The meeting will take place here, in the great library that Lukvis is so proud of.”

	“When you say ‘library’, do you mean we’ll be discussing this in a place where books are laid out?”

	“No, we will be meeting in a large hall that has been built for the meeting. This place was originally designed for that purpose as well.”

	An exclamation of admiration escaped from Welshie-san’s explanation.

	I had never set foot in this place before, but now that I have it in front of me, it’s huge.

	As I was looking up at the large library, Sigurds-san, who served as my escort, was talking to Welshie-san.

	“Welshie.”

	“Oh, excuse me. Everyone, for the time being, I’m going to inform Dean Gladys, who is preparing the meeting place, of our arrival, so please stand by here. A guide will be here soon, so please head to the inn first.”

	“””Yes.”””

	“Also, the meeting itself will start the next day after the four kingdoms are assembled, so it might be a good idea for Amako-san to meet the people she wants to meet before then.”

	“Yes, thank you. Welshie-san.”

	After smiling kindly at Amako who said that, Welshie-san headed towards the Grand Library with Sigurds-san.

	They were probably going to discuss the arrangements for the meeting.

	“Well then, do you want to go see Kiriha and the others after you drop off your luggage?”

	“Yes. I’ll do that.”

	I nodded and decided to wait with senpai for the pickup to come.

	Since the knights were carrying my luggage, I was too lazy to talk to them, so I tried to talk to senpai, who seemed to be wary of the surroundings.

	“Senpai, what’s wrong?”

	“No, it’s just that I found a carriage with Calm Helio’s emblem engraved on it. I know it’s not coming, but I’m a bit wary of it……”

	That doesn’t sound like the usual senpai.

	There’s only one person that comes to mind when I think of Calm Helio, but could it be him?

	“Vigilance? Which means…”

	“Oh, Suzune. It’s Suzune!”

	“Gee, this voice is……”

	I turned my head in the direction of the voice to see the disgusted expression on senpai’s face.

	From that direction, I saw a red-haired boy of about the same age, accompanied by several knights guarding him, waving to senpai as he ran.

	“……Why are you here? Prince Kyle.”

	“Huh, you don’t have to give me an honorific. Just feel free to call me Kyle.”

	“Alright. So, Prince Kyle, why are you here?”



	Oh, senpai is drier than I thought.

	Is it possible that she’s back to the way she was before she was summoned?

	In spite of her apparently cold attitude, Prince Kyle begins to speak with enthusiasm.

	“Let me answer your question. That’s because I’m also in this meeting for the fight against the Demon King’s army! No, I’ll tell you the truth! It was also to meet you!”

	“Heeh, I see. So, I thought I turned down your confession.”

	“If I had given in to that kind of setback, my sister would have killed me mentally a long time ago!”

	This is not the same thing as……

	I don’t know what to say, but I feel like he’s not listening to you.

	“So, where is this healing magician? I’m sure he followed you along right?”

	“……Um.”

	Senpai looks at me in a reserved manner.

	I’m not sure if I should mention myself or not.

	I want to go see Kiriha and the others as soon as possible, sigh, oh well.

	Wrinkling my brow and crossing my arms grimly, I move next to him.

	“I’m Usato, the healing magician.”

	“What? So that’s you standing there like a lost cause until just now. I didn’t have you in my sights at all, let’s see how similar you are to the sketch……”

	Prince Kyle froze when he saw my face.

	Of course, now I’m giving off an air that would frighten my traveling companions.

	“Suzune, what is it? This man has a physiognomy that looks like he’s taken care of a few people.”

	“That’s my Usato-kun.”

	“You’re breaking the common sense of healing magicians!”

	I’m not going to say anything, because I know what they’re going to say and I’m not going to be happy about it.

	But even so, I don’t know if he’s trying to compete with me, but he sticks his finger at me, his voice trembling slightly.

	“Are you really a healing magician?”

	“Of course I am. As you can see, I can handle healing magic.”

	“Ho, it’s true……”

	I showed him the healing magic in my palm, and he gave me a twitchy look.

	Looking at the expressions of me and senpai alternately, Prince Kyle, who had started biting his nails and mumbling something, was spoken to by the knight of the guard who was waiting behind him as if to admonish him.

	“Kyle-sama, you can’t do this kind of thing too……”

	“He’s only a healing magician, it’s bound to be a sham……!”

	“No, that’s not what I meant. It’s not that I’m asking you to fight a duel in a place like this.”

	“Don’t worry. I am a prince, and defeat is not an option. Hey you, healing magician!”

	Shaking off the restraint of the knight guarding him, Prince Kyle jabs his finger at me.

	At that moment, the knights notice a woman approaching from behind, and their faces turn pale. The woman, whose face somewhat resembles Prince Kyle’s, comes up behind him and says

	“My name is Kyle Lark Calm Helio of the First Prince of Calm Helio! I, Kyle Lark Calm Helio, have challenged you to a——.”

	“You fool!”

	“If you do nooowooooww!?”

	I slammed a clean low kick into Prince Kyle’s leg, knocking him down with great force.

	The red-haired woman, who looked a little older than us, pulled up Prince Kyle’s chest as he slumped on the ground, straightening the cloak that stretched from his shoulders.

	“What the hell are you doing?”

	“Oh, ah, sister!? T-This is……”

	Sister……!?

	The woman who looked down at him with a doll-like neat face was certainly similar to Kyle-sama.

	“You have already embarrassed yourself by confessing to your benefactor, Hero-sama, in the middle of the kingdom, but now you want to say something to the rumoured Healing Magician?”

	The woman forced Prince Kyle to stand up, and he opened his mouth while slumping.

	“Sister! As a man, I’m challenging this guy to a duel!”

	“Has there ever been a time when you were just one man?”

	“How dare you! How can you say such a terrible thing, sister!”

	“……?”

	“You don’t even know you’re saying a terrible thing!”

	Prince Kyle was shocked as the woman tilted her head with a puzzled expression.

	“No, I was genuinely wondering what you were saying, since you’ve publicly stated that you have multiple lovers in your home country……”

	“Oh, no, that’s……”

	“Sigh……”

	She let out an exasperated sigh and continued to speak.

	“There’s no way that your level can beat him.”

	“Why are you asserting that!”

	“On the contrary, how can you think that you can beat him? Look at him, does he look like an ordinary healing magician? You don’t see that, do you? This is what’s going to happen. You’d be knocked down with one finger.”

	What is this? Is this some kind of new kind of spiritual training?

	I’m afraid of my own face, but it’s hard for me to be ragged on for it.

	I’ve just announced to senpai that I’m not going to do it again except during the meeting. This is not good for my mental health.

	Anyway, does she know about Prince Kyle’s sister?

	“Senpai, did you know that he has a sister?”

	“I knew he had an older sister and a younger brother, but they were in another country when I visited Calm Helio, so I didn’t see them face to face……”

	So it’s the first time you’ve met them.

	However, I feel a little bit sorry for Prince Kyle, who is being abused by a character that even senpai didn’t expect.

	“In the first place, it is doubtful that he can even be included in the framework of a magician? The rumours about him are all true except for the trivial articles that you have spread with your vague actions.”

	“……That’s a lie.”

	“If you think it’s a lie, go ahead and fight him.”

	……Hmm?

	The go-ahead came in a very natural way.

	Our Prince Kyle is also confused.

	“Oh, so, you don’t mind?”

	“Yes, it’s fine. As long as the other side agrees to it……”

	The person who seems to be Prince Kyle’s sister looks at us sideways.

	I can feel something in her gaze that seems to be guessing at us.

	“But I feel sorry for such conve…… It’s such a shame that the first prince of our honourable Kingdom of Calm Helio would have to give up his right to the throne due to a serious mental injury……”

	“You just leaked your true feelings, didn’t you? You almost called it convenient, didn’t you?”

	“Yes.”

	“You can’t fool me there!”

	Prince Kyle has been completely turned into a retorting machine……

	She seemed like a more serious person, but apparently not so serious……

	“If you do not succeed to the throne, Calm Helio will be mine. If you suffer a serious psychological injury at this time, you won’t have to kick…… down the road to discuss it.”

	“Don’t you have any love for your brother?”

	“Yes, I do. My only brother, Bren, who will turn three this year, is so cute and adorable.”

	“I’m one of his brothers!”

	Prince Kyle’s words were met with a shrug from the woman.

	I really want to leave this place, but I can’t, so I decide to call out to her.

	“Um,……”

	“Oh, I’m sorry. I’m the first princess of the Kingdom of Calm Helio, Naia Lark Calm Helio.”

	“Oh, I’m sorry to bother you with…… I’m Usato Ken, vice commander of the Rescue Squad, Kingdom of Lingle.”

	“As you may know, I am the hero Inukami Suzune.”

	“I am also the hero Ryusen Kazuki.”

	She, Princess Naia, looked at us in turn as we introduced ourselves, and smiled with satisfaction.

	“I apologize for the trouble that our short, shallow, and foolish brother has caused you.”

	“Short, shallow, and even foolish……”

	Next to Princess Niia, Prince Kyle is feeling terribly depressed.

	She makes it look like she’s covering up for her brother, but then she slams in the abuse…… Let’s use this as a reference

	“I’m really sorry…… for the otherworldly people who were summoned along with the heroes, and at that point they should be respected as much as the heroes. My brother is still just an ignorant child, so I hope you can forgive me……”

	“No, no, please don’t be so awed! Because Prince Kyle didn’t do anything to me in the first place!”

	I can’t afford to be so awed by the royalty.

	Even if they don’t intend to make an issue of it, it’s still a big problem for everyone around them.

	“……Are you really going to forgive him? If you’re not careful, it could have turned into a problem that could have caused a crack in the trust between you and the Lingle Kingdom……”

	“Yes.”

	“So it’s unforgivable?”

	“Huh?”

	“I don’t mind if you punch him in the face for being such a jerk?”

	“No, no, you don’t have to go that far……”

	“Oh, don’t worry. I won’t make a problem of it.”

	“Why are you trying to make the assumption that I’m going to hit Prince Kyle……?”

	“That’s right, sister! Why are you stubbornly trying to make him hit me?

	This woman is a dangerous person with a low profile!

	And she’s not even listening to me half the time!

	While Prince Kyle and I were distracted, Princess Naia said the following words with a slightly overactive reaction.

	“Oh, Usato-sama. What a generous heart you have. I’m very impressed with the warmth that you have shown to my foolish little brother who persistently followed a woman around and then tried to challenge you to a fight without knowing his place in the world…… I’m deeply impressed. You are the best friend of the hero and the best apprentice of the rumoured leader of the Rescue Squad, Lady Rose.

	“You don’t have to go that far……”

	I wonder why I can’t be honestly happy.

	Is it because she knows what I know, or because she says things that make me happy?

	But I know she means what she says. But there’s something about it that makes me feel uncomfortable, like when I talked to Lucas at…… Samarial.

	Princess Naia shifts her gaze from me to senpai and Kazuki.

	“This is the first time I’ve met Suzune-sama face to face, but what a brilliant person. Kazuki-sama, too, can tell at a glance that you are a very strong person. I am honoured to meet you all in this way.”

	“Is that so……?”

	“Haha, it’s kind of itchy……”

	In contrast to Kazuki’s normal embarrassment, senpai noticed something and gave a twitchy smile.

	Here I also realize the true nature of the uncomfortable feeling I had just had.

	“I have a suggestion for you, but meeting you here is one of fate. Can you give me a few minutes of your time after this?”

	“Well, what kind of time?”

	“I just want to talk to you for a while. Of course, we won’t take too long and we’d like to treat you as well as we can, what do you think?”

	I made eye contact with senpai, who was probably aware of Princess Naia’s intentions here, and nodded once before replying to her.

	“It’s a nice offer, but we have other plans, so I’m going to decline this time. If you could, please invite us another time……”

	“Well, I’m sorry to hear that. There will be plenty of opportunities while the meeting is taking place, and we can talk about it then.”

	“……Yeah. I suppose so.”

	With a drawling nod, she smiled thinly and grabbed Prince Kyle by the collar of his neck.

	“Then we’ll head back. The next time we see each other will be at the meeting. I look forward to working with you then. Kyle, you have a sermon waiting for you, so please be prepared for it.”

	“Hee! Oh, sister! Please don’t come here and lecture me!”

	Princess Naia left the scene, dragging Prince Kyle behind her as if to say no questions asked.

	As I watched her go, I couldn’t help but let out a sigh of relief.

	“Senpai, Kazuki. That was the one who came to pull…… out, wasn’t it……?”

	“I suppose so. It’s not strange, given the national style of Calm Helio, but I didn’t expect the princess herself to come so blatantly……”

	“I’m used to being recruited, but I didn’t expect it to go this far. Usato you might want to be careful with the Nirvana Kingdom. Those people are more like martial artists or gladiators than magicians, and I think they’ll definitely like Usato.”

	“I’ll keep an eye out for them,……”

	I don’t know what it is, but in my mind, I pictured Daetetsu-san and the others who had an arm-wrestling match in the hidden village.

	What a horrible prediction, but I don’t want it to become a reality……





Chapter 163

	After watching Prince Kyle being taken away by Princess Naia, a person came to show us to the inn immediately, a person who was closely related to us.

	“What can I say, this reminds me of the first time I met you. Halfa-san.”

	“Me too. Usato-san.”

	Halfa-san, the magic eye user we met in Lukvis before.

	I had thought that it would be someone from the academy, but I didn’t expect someone I knew to come, so I was betrayed in a good way.

	“I’ve been instructed by the headmaster to show you around, and I’m very happy to see you again.”

	“I see. Dean Gladys did……”

	I would have liked to go say hello to her, but she’s probably busy right now, so I’ll just go see her when the time is right.

	As I was making that decision in my mind, Halfa-san, who looked around at us with his purple-lit eyes, opened his mouth.

	“The last time I saw you was about a few months ago, but I was surprised to see how much you all have grown to look so different.”

	“T-That much?”

	“Yes. Despite the differences between the three of you, each of you has such a distinctive magical power that makes you feel your individuality strongly.”

	It makes us feel our individuality strongly, huh?

	Senpai has a strong interest in Halfa-san’s words.

	“You can tell our personality and individuality from our magic power?”

	“Yes. After the fight with Usato-san, I decided to understand my own magic eye more deeply, and as part of that, I found out that what I can read from the flow of magic power is not only the movements of the opponent.”

	When you fought in the past, you were able to read their movements by looking at the flow of magic power, but now you are able to see something else, is that right?

	“The flow of magic power differs from person to person. By observing it, I can get a rough idea of my opponent’s character, and whether they fight mainly with magic or with weapons.”

	“In other words, you can tell what kind of strategy your opponent is going to use before you even fight them?”

	“It’s not completely clear, though.”

	I felt my cheeks twitch as Halfa-san nodded at Kazuki’s words.

	I think I’ve fought a few battles against other people during my travels, but I think it’s pretty hard to fight when your opponent knows your hand.

	As I was shivering unbeknownst to others, senpai approached Halfa-san with a somewhat curious look on her face.

	“What kind of magical power did mine grow into?”

	“Eh? It’s subjective, if you don’t mind?”

	“Mm-hmm!”

	“Alright, let me see. Suzune-san’s magic power can be compared to…… a wolf that is ready to move at any time? It always seems to be in a state where it can draw magic power from zero to the limit in an instant.”

	Is he referring to senpai’s new fighting style, the “Magic Armor Thunder Beast Mode”?

	It’s a special fighting technique that raises senpai’s magic power and physical ability from zero to the extreme. It’s amazing that the magic eye can tell so much just from the flow of magic power.

	When I heard the word “wolf,” senpai smiled and looked back at me.

	“It’s a wolf, Usato-kun!”

	“Isn’t she mistaken for a dog?”

	“Yeah, Suzune is dog-like.”

	“Should I bite you guys!”

	Gao! I was shocked and threatened. As I sooth senpai, she turns her attention to Halfa-san, who is watching Kazuki’s magic closely.

	“It’s a little difficult to describe, but Kazuki is like a…… surface of water where there are no ripples or sounds at all. There is also a surprising lack of disturbance in the magic power. It’s the quietest and most artistic flow of magic I’ve ever seen, and that’s not an exaggeration.”

	“A-artistic is kind of……”

	Kazuki had mastered the manipulation of magic power, and his skills were probably reflected in his magic power.

	In fact, his manipulation of magic power is not uncommon.

	“Usato-san’s magic power is…… hmm.”

	Halfa-san looks at me and puts his hand on his chin.

	Waiting for his words with a bit of trepidation, I tilted my head in annoyance.

	“You have a strange magical power, don’t you? You show a quiet side like Kazuki-san, but at the same time, you have a powerful side like Suzune-san. It’s as if you have two opposing sides.”

	“Two opposing sides……?”

	Is it something to do with my mentality?

	I’m not aware that I’m switching between the two, but I’m the same person when I’m interacting with senpai and when I’m interacting with the tough guys in the rescue squad.

	I’m just being me, but maybe it’s unconsciously taking form as magical power.

	“Well, Usato wouldn’t be crazy. He can change so much that you’d wonder if he has a split personality.”

	“Amako, I don’t have a split personality. It’s just something I do when my emotions get the best of me.”

	“Isn’t that a problem……?”

	I can’t help it, it’s true.

	As I’m having this conversation with Amako, I notice that Kazuki is talking to Halfa-san.

	“You’ve softened your mood, haven’t you?”

	“Is that so?”

	“Yeah. I feel like you’re smiling more naturally than before.”

	Halfa-san nodded happily as he looked forward to Kazuki’s words.

	“After you all left on your trip, I’ve been talking to Kiriha and Kyou more often.”

	“Oh, really, Kiriha and Kyou?”

	“I’m ashamed to say that I’ve been avoided by my classmates until now, so it’s been a long time since I’ve had friends to…… talk to properly like this. Well, it was my own fault……”

	Before we left Lukvis, Halfa-san was a person who was feared by the students of the school.

	The reason for this was his fighting style, where he would completely break the hearts of his opponents by using a lot of dangerous rapid-fire attacks in battle.

	“I myself was always smiling to at least manage my physical appearance, but…… it seems that it was actually the cause of the people around me being afraid of me,…… haha.”

	“But you know, smiling is…… difficult, isn’t it?”

	“Do you understand? Usato-san.”

	“I understand very well. Yes, I do.”

	I also had an experience when I tried to smile at Kiriha and Linka, but they were scared of me.

	I’m still slightly concerned about that.

	I nodded deeply to Halfa-san, who turned to look at me.

	“They’re a bit alike, Halfa and Usato.”

	“They’re both mainly in physical combat while using magic, right?”

	“In other words, Halfa-san is also a muscle brain……?”

	Oi you little fox, don’t be so rash as to treat Halfa-san and me like muscle brains.

	I’m only going to hit you as a result, and I’m thinking pretty hard about it.

	As I stared at Amako with a blank stare, Halfa-san, who was walking in front of me as if he had arrived at his destination, stopped in his tracks. Looking in front, we could see a large white building in front.

	An exhale of admiration escaped from me as I looked at the inn, which looked like something a person of high status would stay in.

	“Now, this is the inn where you will all be staying.”

	“It’s pretty big.”

	“It’s where we’ll be staying as representatives of the country. We can’t prepare a half-hearted accommodation. By the way, there is also an inn nearby where people from the other three countries stay.”

	If I look in the direction Halfa-san indicated, I can indeed see a building similar to the inn in front of me and the knights of other countries gathered in front of it.

	For now, we know where we’re staying.

	“Oh, and there’s a training ground in the back, so if you want to train, you can use that.”

	“Oh, is it? If that’s the case, I’ll take your word for it and use it.”

	I didn’t expect it to include a training ground.

	I hadn’t even entered the inn yet, but my opinion of the inn had just skyrocketed.

	After we were escorted to the inn, we placed our luggage in the rooms assigned to each of us, and then gathered in front of the inn again. I asked Kazuki if he wanted to go with me to Kiriha and the others, but he said he didn’t want to bother us if we came with too many people, so we decided to go our separate ways.

	Halfa-san seemed to have other work to do for Gladys-san, so we parted ways right then and there.

	Me, senpai and Amako headed to Kiriha and the others’ house as planned.

	“Senpai. I’ll tell you now. Please behave yourself.”

	“Eh, why not?”

	As we neared the house where Kiriha and the others lived, I gave a nudge to my somewhat exuberant senpai.

	“It’s obvious, isn’t it? Listen here? No matter how much Satsuki misses you, it’s only as an object of observation. In other words, it’s like an elementary school student who loves a puppy she finds on her way home from school.”

	“I don’t think there’s any malice in that analogy, is there? But, Usato, Satsuki is a feline beastman, right? As a beastmaster, you can’t make that mistake, can you?”

	“Please don’t misunderstand me, senpai. You’re in the puppy position.”

	“Usato, I’m going to cry you know.”

	It’s not a bad thing for senpai to try to communicate with others, but it’s not good to make them feel uncomfortable.

	In fact, Kyou is a little uncomfortable with senpai.

	As she glances at us and tries to imitate crying, she finds a nostalgic and somewhat old house in her line of sight.

	“It shouldn’t have been that long ago, but I’m starting to feel nostalgic.”

	“Maybe it’s because too many things have happened since then.”

	Nodding to Amako’s words, we were about to walk to the house where Kiriha and the others lived, when the door of the house opened vigorously and Kiriha, a girl with rounded beast ears similar to a weasel’s, came out from inside.

	When she spotted us, she gave us a surprised look and then waved at us with a smile.



	“I thought I saw a familiar presence approaching, but I guess it’s you guys!”

	“How have you been, Kiriha?”

	“Good, of course. I knew from your letter that you were able to save my mother, but I didn’t expect to see you so soon. Now that we’re talking here, why don’t you come inside?”

	Kiriha urged me to go inside the house.

	As I sat down on a chair at the table, I saw Kiriha looking up at the stairs leading to the second floor and calling for Kyou and Satsuki, so it seemed that they were also in the house.

	It was Satsuki, the feline beastman, who immediately responded to Kiriha’s voice with the buzz of a bell.

	“Wow, Suzune! Nice to see you again! Tell me all about your stories during your trip!”

	“I’ll tell you as much as you want. If it’s for you.”

	Satsuki said as she ran down from the second floor, to which senpai replied with a straight face.

	Kiriha, who was making tea for all of us, looked at me anxiously.

	“Usato, Suzune is looking at Satsuki with a straight face, is she okay?”

	“Worst case scenario, me and Amako will stop her.”

	“Impossible. I think Usato is the only one who can stop Suzune.”

	Why should I be told that I’m the only one who can subdue senpai who’s running amok?

	Well, that’s okay. While paying attention to senpai and Satsuki, who sat facing each other, I greeted Kyou, who came down from the upper floor with a sleepy sigh.

	“I’m sorry to bother you. Kyou.”

	“Oh, you’re surprisingly quick to come over here.”

	Sitting next to Kiriha, Kyou propped his elbows on the table.

	Kiriha tilted her head in agreement with his words.

	“I’m glad to see you guys too, but what’s going on with you today? Does it have something to do with the meeting of the four kingdoms that’s going to take place here?”

	“Yes, it does. We’re here today as representatives of the kingdoms.”

	When I answered Kiriha, she sighed in admiration.

	“A letter, then a meeting. That’s a lot of work for you.”

	“I wouldn’t take such trouble if I were you.”

	“Haha, I have a certain responsibility too.”

	I scratched my cheek troubled, and Kyou smiled as he crossed his arms.

	“Well, that’s why we’re taking a break from school! Well, in a way, thanks to you guys, we’re able to enjoy our vacation away from our studies like this—“

	“If you’re so bored, why don’t you go work outside?”

	“No! I was so busy studying that I didn’t have any free time at all!”

	Kyou hurriedly said to Kiriha, who glared at him.

	What can I say, he still can’t get over his sister Kiriha.

	“I’ll beat Kyou out later…… I’m glad Amako seems to be doing well. Have you been in any danger since then?”

	“I think you’re been in far more trouble, but I’m fine. Besides, thanks to Usato, my mother is better now.”

	“I had……”

	“Zombies attacked us, dragons attacked us, and others.”

	“Oh, haha, you’ve learned how to joke while I haven’t seen you around for a bit. It’s a…… joke, right?”

	Amako tilts her head while smiling, and Kiriha, her expression twitching, turns her gaze towards us in confusion.

	“I-I heard about the commotion in your home country from my parents. I heard that there was some kind of serious trouble.”

	Kiriha’s parents’ house is a kind of hidden village…… where Linka’s grandfather lives.

	Had the two of them already been informed of what had happened in the beastman country?

	“Well, we got caught up in a bit of a commotion.”

	“It’s not like there’s a civil war in your home country or anything. What the hell is going on here?”

	Kyou also seems to be curious.

	……It seems that Kiriha and the others don’t have any detailed information, but is it okay to tell them? It’s a story that has something to do with the two beastmen, too.

	I decided to explain as briefly as I could why Amako’s mother hadn’t woken up in the past two years, and why there had been a civil war in the beastman country.

	When they finished listening to the explanation, a complicated expression appeared on their faces.

	“I’ve never been to my home country, but I guess Amako’s mother was bedridden for that reason. But I’m glad you’re feeling better. Amako.”

	“Yeah.”

	Amako nodded with a happy tone in her voice.

	“But you know, if we hadn’t been able to stop the chief, the beastman tribe might have ended up fighting with the humans. I’m really glad……”

	Kiriha mutters somewhat seriously.

	From the perspective of Kiriha, who goes to Lukvis, it must have been an unnerving story.

	I spoke as cheerfully as I could.

	“It’s a temporary position, but someone I trust is organizing the beastman nation as the new chief, so I don’t think that will happen in the future.”

	“I see………”

	I think of Hayate-san, who is still working hard in the Beastman Country.

	If Hayate-san hadn’t been on my side at that time, the fight to get Amako back would have been much more difficult……

	Thinking again that I was really glad he was on my side, I decided to tell him about the other requirement of my visit here today.

	“That’s right, there’s one more reason why I came here today.”

	“Hmm? What is it?”

	“I’d like Amako to stay here with us while we’re here.”

	“No problem. The reason is the same as before, right?”

	“Yeah…… Amako is fine with that, right?”

	“Yeah.”

	Amako nodded, and I was relieved to hear it, but now Kyou approached me.

	“So, what are you going to do Usato? Are you going to stay here too, like before?”

	“Actually, I’d like to do that. But this time I have to stay near the meeting place, so I’ll stay at the inn that Dean Gladys prepared for me.”

	“I see. “

	As for me, I would have preferred to stay here, which is similar to the rescue squad, but I have to prioritize the mission I’ve been given.

	I didn’t want Amako to feel overwhelmed while she was here, so I was hoping that Kiriha and the others would take care of her.

	Now that I’ve accomplished my goal for the time being, I guess I’ll head back to the inn for today.

	“Well then, I’d better get back.”

	“You’re leaving?”

	“Yeah, I’ve got people waiting at the inn.”

	It’s not good to leave Kazuki waiting by himself, so let’s get back early.

	I get up from my seat and look at Amako.

	“Amako, don’t cause too much trouble for Kiriha and the others.”

	“I’m not a child, and I won’t cause any trouble.”

	“Haha, I guess that’s true too.”

	I chuckled at Amako, who looked up at me and miffed.

	Well, I should bring senpai, who is having a nice conversation with Satsuki, back home.

	“Senpai.”

	“Hey, Usato-kun.”

	“No.”

	“I haven’t said anything yet!”

	“You were going to say that you want to stay with Kiriha and the others, weren’t you? I can already tell when looking at senpai’s face.”

	“A-as expected of Usato-kun, you know me very well……!”

	I think it’s easy to see why you would think that if you saw your actions.

	“But Usato-kun—“

	“No.”

	“Even Satsuki-chan still wants to talk to me–“

	“What, you’re leaving Suzune? Well, I guess it’s goodbye then!”

	“……”

	What can I say, little kids can be cruel sometimes, can’t they?

	I feel a little sorry for senpai and make her stand up, but she still resists.

	“U-Usato-kun, I’m your posterity! Please for the rest of your life!”

	“Okay, I understand. Please give up on staying here.”

	“What did you just find out?”

	I smiled at Kiriha, who was laughing at the shocked senpai, and at Kyou, who was distracted, and left their house, a little mentally exhausted.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	In a way, Usato and Halfa are like each other.





Chapter 164

	After leaving Amako in the care of Kiriha and the others, senpai and I walked through the city, attracting the attention of the surrounding students as we made our way back to the inn where Kazuki was waiting for us.

	As we were about to enter the hotel, thinking that the sun was still out and it was bright enough to take a walk around the city with Kazuki, we spotted a carriage with a familiar coat of arms on the main street where the inn was located.

	“……hmm?”

	“What’s the matter, Usato-kun?”

	Perhaps wondering at me stopping in my tracks, senpai also looked at the carriage in front of her gaze.

	“What’s wrong with that carriage?”

	“That has the crest of Samaria engraved on it.”

	“Samaria is the kingdom that Usato-kun went to before, right?”

	“Yes.”

	The coat of arms that I saw several times when I visited Samaria.

	Seeing a carriage with that engraved on it approaching us, senpai tilted her head.

	“But still, there are so many guards. There are about three……, no, five times as many as us.”

	“That’s true. Maybe there’s a minister or someone of high rank inside——!”

	I had a little bit of an improbable imagination, but let’s hope that’s not the case.

	Senpai noticed my condition and put a hand on my shoulder, looking worried.

	“You’re acting strange. Are you okay?”

	“Y-yeah I’m fine. It’s just that I had a scary imagination.”

	“Oh, yeah?”

	I faked it for the time being, but I couldn’t help but be concerned about Samaria’s carriage, which was already closing in on us.

	“But if there are so many guards, it means that there are quite a few important people here, right? Oh, maybe the princess and king that Usato-kun said he rescued are on board.”

	“Hahaha. That can’t be true, can it?”

	“Huhu, maybe…… By the way, Usato, why are you so uncharacteristically upset?”

	It’s plausible……! The father and daughter who personified that unconventional could do it……!

	As I prayed, watching the carriage cross in front of me, my eyes were drawn to the knights escorting the carriage.

	“Sky blue, knights?”

	Knights clad in beautiful sky-blue armor.

	In addition, all of those guarding the perimeter of the carriage were female knights, and there were about twenty of them.

	When I was interested in the group, which I had never seen in Samaria, I saw the shadow of someone peeking at me through the window of the carriage door.

	Then, suddenly, the carriage came to a stop.

	At this point, my chills started to accelerate.

	“Line up!”

	The dignified voice of the knight who seemed to be the leader echoed, and the sky-blue knights lined up around the carriage.

	The person who was pulling the reins of the horse carefully and slowly opened the door of the carriage, and the person ahead of him was someone too familiar.

	“Yo, Usato. I hope you’re well. It’s me!”

	The person who gave me a thumbs-up with an onomatopoeic sound was the king of the Samaria Kingdom, Lucas Urd Samaria himself.

	I almost fainted at his unexpected appearance, but I gave him my best shot.

	“W-why are you here, Lucas-sama! You’re the king of Samaria right?!”

	“Eh, the King!? What do you mean, Usato-kun?”

	My cheeks twitch so much that even I can tell.

	Senpai next to me is also in a state of shock at the unexpected appearance of the king.

	Lucas-sama, on the other hand, has a look of triumph on his face.

	“Huh, you’re asking a funny thing. The only reason I’m here is because I couldn’t find a replacement for Fegnis in time. And besides. I thought it would be easier to proceed with this matter if I came myself.”

	What the hell? What is it with this way of speaking that seems to make sense, but makes me feel like there is another agenda?

	And since I’m responsible for Fegnis-san’s case, I can’t interfere badly……!

	“Oh and I assume this beautiful woman is the hero. It’s nice to meet you. I am Lucas, Lucas Urd Samaria, the king of Samaria.”

	“I-It’s my pleasure. I’m Inukami Suzune, a hero.”

	“Hahahaha, no need to be nervous. If you’re a friend of Usato’s, you’re like a friend of mine.”

	Even senpai is baffled by his personality, which is very different from Lloyd-sama’s.

	After nodding vaguely at Lucas-sama’s words, she immediately turned around and spoke to me in a hushed voice.

	“Usato-kun, you’re so friendly and so dandy! You’re making me shudder!”

	“So you’re aware of it…… But don’t worry. This is the default for this person.”

	As we were conversing in hushed tones, Lucas-sama, who was watching us, shifted his gaze from us to the inside of the carriage.

	The carriage is too big for Lucas-sama alone, but I’ve convinced myself that it’s because he’s the king, but is there anyone else besides him?

	“Hmm? Oh, sorry, sorry. Can’t wait, right, then feel free to go see him.”

	“Yes! Father!”

	……Father!

	The next moment, a girl jumped out of the carriage.

	Perhaps she was too vigorous, but she caught her foot on the edge of the carriage and lost her balance.

	“—–Ah.”

	My body reflexively moved.

	Before she slammed into the ground, I moved in front of her and caught her with as little impact as possible.



	As I took three steps back, letting the impact pass, I saw the sky-blue knights on either side of me, already moving to help her, looking at me as if they were dumbfounded.

	“……noble.”

	“Hmm?”

	“Ehem!”

	I’m sure I heard a disturbing voice from among the knights guarding me just now.

	No, it doesn’t matter, I took it in my stride and checked to see if the light blue haired girl, Eva, was injured, she had a surprised look on her face in front of her

	“Are you hurt?”

	“T-Thank you very much!”

	I let Eva stand up, who was about to fall.

	Thank God she doesn’t seem to be hurt.

	“What is this development……!? You never triggered any such event when you were with me!”

	I’ll let senpai go through a bit.

	When I turned my gaze from senpai who hadn’t swallowed the situation back to Eva, she grasped my right hand with both of hers as if to wrap it around her and smiled like a flower.

	“It’s been a while. Usato-san!”

	“Yeah. It’s been a long time, Eva.”

	“I’m really glad to see you!…… Ah.”

	Eva was taken aback for a moment, as if she had realized something, but the next moment her cheeks were dyed and she smiled shyly.

	“Ehehe, I didn’t get the name wrong this time.”

	“……!”

	What is it, this feeling that appeals to my heart?

	I feel like I can get back what I lost in the rescue squad.

	It can’t be, my heart……?

	“What is she, Usato-kun?”

	“Haha. I’ll introduce you to her. This girl is—–“

	“Oh, don’t worry. I’ve been practicing my self-introduction!”

	I was brought back to reality by senpai’s voice, and Eva confidently said with great enthusiasm.

	Even though I had a slight bad feeling about this, I let Eva walk in front of senpai and she began to introduce herself falteringly with a slightly nervous look on her face.

	“Nice to meet you! M-My name is Eva! You’re the hero, S-Suryume-san!”

	“……”

	I feel like I’ve seen this before somewhere.

	But the difference is that she didn’t mispronounce my name, she chewed it.

	Senpai on the other hand was called by a name that sounded as if she had bitten off more than she could chew, frozen in shock with a half smile on her face.

	“Oh, ah I bit myself! That…… Suzune-san…… I’m sorry……”

	As Eva panicked, the rebooted senpai opened her mouth while her eyes glazed over.

	“Do- Not- Mind- It! It- Is- Nice- To- Meet- You-!” (Robotic)

	The smile returned to Eva’s face when she replied in katakana.

	As I was holding my forehead next to senpai, I heard the sky-blue knights behind Eva talking about something.

	I listened carefully and found that…

	“Hime-sama, right there! You have to be more gungho!”

	“You must divert! Divert his attention!”

	“Is this the so-called famous love triangle……!”

	“This is the city where the students gather, the place where I return to my forgotten youth……”

	I immediately shut out the voices of the knights, and there was no chance for me.

	I couldn’t hear the muffled voices of the sky-blue knights. I can’t hear the disappointment in their voices.

	I can’t believe the group of Samarians came with the parent and child.

	Lucas-sama suggested that we take them to the library near the inn, and we ended up riding in Samaria’s carriage.

	Inugami-senpai was sitting next to me, and Eva and Lucas-sama were facing each other.

	While I felt like I was being interviewed, the carriage slowly moved forward.

	“Oh no, I didn’t expect you to save my daughter twice.”

	“Hahaha, such an exaggeration.”

	“Yeah. I guess I’ll have to thank you in some way for this.”

	“No, no, I just accepted it, so there’s no need to thank me……”

	“Don’t be shy, I’d love to have it.”

	“No please, it’s fine.”

	“By all means, take it.”

	“Why do you want to sell me a favour?”

	“Why do you insist on not accepting it?”

	Lucas-sama and I looked at each other.

	I’m sure he has some sort of agenda. Specifically, it’s related to Eva, who is now tilting her head curiously in front of me, and there’s a big possibility that she’ll try something.

	“Fufufu, you two are good friends. Father and Usato-san. Right, Suzune-san.”

	“Eh! Yes, I guess so……”

	Now that senpai, who always has a lot of energy even when meeting someone for the first time, is being pushed aside, I have no choice but to ask Lucas-sama to talk to her.

	For now, I’ll put off my thank you and ask how Lucas-sama and Eva came to this meeting.

	“Lucas-sama, why did you come to this meeting? I’m sure one of the reasons is that you couldn’t prepare a substitute, but I don’t think that’s a good enough reason for the King of Samaria to come.”

	“Yes. You’re absolutely right. There are two reasons why I’m here.”

	Two……?

	As I wondered, Lucas-sama held up his index finger and began to tell me the reasons.

	“The first reason is because of the members gathered for the meeting.”

	“You mean the representatives of the four kingdoms?”

	“Aye. Ringle, Calm Helio, Nirvana, and Samaria. There’s not much that’s wrong with these four kingdoms,……, but that’s nothing to worry about. But when they meet in the same place for talks, there are bound to be differences in consciousness.”
