	The Wrong Way to Use

	Healing Magic

	– Chiyu Mahou no Machigatta Tsukaikata –





	- Volume 7 -





	-Author-

	Kurokata



	-ILLUSTRATOR-

	KeG





	[ ShiroKun’s Translation ]





Chapter 143

	The final destination of the journey, Hinomoto, the Land of Beasts.

	What was waiting for us when we visited Hinomoto to save Amako’s mother, Kanoko, was the fearsome plan of Jinya, the chief of the Beastman tribe.

	With the help of Assistant Chief Hayate and his subordinates, we managed to stop Jinya’s plan and the situation seemed to be under control, but then the demon Koga, who calls himself the leader of the Demon King’s Second Army, appeared and we had to fight him.

	As a result, we were able to get him to admit defeat and leave, but in reality, it was as if he missed us.

	After that, we succeeded in returning the precognition magic that had been stolen from Jinya-san by Nea to Kanoko-san and awakening her, and we left Hinomoto to return to the Lingle Kingdom after staying there for three days.

	“Hmm… Did such a thing happen in the Land of Beasts?”

	“Yes.”

	Currently, we had left the beastman’s realm and were headed to the third country we visited, Miarak.

	Norn-sama greeted us as if she had anticipated our arrival, and after sending a Hoot Bird to the Lingle Kingdom, she invited us into the underground cave where Falga-sama was.

	There, she first told Falga-sama about what had happened in Hinomoto.

	“That was a close call. If the Beastmen were to team up with the Demon race, this would have been the first place they would have targeted. Even if it was just a matter of that, if they attacked us when we hadn’t rebuilt yet, we wouldn’t have been able to survive.”

	Norn-sama seemed relieved after hearing my story.

	It’s true that Jinya-san would probably try to attack Miarak first.

	It didn’t happen because Koga decided that the beastman tribe couldn’t fight, but if I hadn’t stopped Jinya-san’s outburst like that, it might have happened sooner or later.

	When I think about it, I’m glad I was able to stop him.

	“Precognition magic is a magic that, if in the hands of a greedy person, will lead to ruin. Forgetting the present and thinking about the future, one day even the present will become invisible. That man Jinya can’t even accept the reality in front of him, and he’s come to fear even the future that will eventually come. It is well said that…… too much power will destroy you.”

	After muttering this, Falga-sama now turns his gaze towards us.

	“But another user of dark magic. I was able to take a peek at the memories of your gauntlet just now, and it seems that you have a moderately troublesome temperament.”

	“That’s right,…… I’ve been spotted by a really nasty person:……”

	“……You may be destined to attract such people, aren’t you?”

	“Yeah,……”

	“I’m kidding.”

	I’m not laughing at the joke.

	Or rather, I don’t think Falga-sama’s joke is a joke at all, but he doesn’t change his expression or anything at all.

	“Wait, that wasn’t a joke?”

	“Yeah, it actually is the truth.”

	Behind me, the little fox and the vampire are whispering something, but I ignore them.

	I’m never going to admit it……!

	Even though there are a lot of things that come to mind when I think about it:……!

	“But I see that your journey has finally come to an end.”

	“……Yes. Now we can finally return to the Kingdom of Lingle.”

	It’s been about three months and a half.

	It feels surprisingly short, but the events that happened during that time were all shocking.

	“It seems that your friends, the heroes, were also involved in disturbances in various places. ‘Man-eating thunder incarnate’ and ‘forest-eating evil monster’, both of which were defeated by the two heroes.”

	“……W-wow, seems like they’re fighting against something that sounds dangerous……”

	“Both of them are dangerous calamities in a different way than the wicked dragon. The female hero, Suzune, fought the “Incarnation of Thunder”, a demon that kills any living thing that steps into its domain. A mutated demon with…… advanced intelligence and lightning as its weapon of choice… But the most dangerous thing about it is that it is no less cunning and brutal than the Wicked Dragon.”

	Did Inugami-senpai fight it? It’s lightning vs. thunder, so maybe they were a good match.

	……If it were me, I wouldn’t want to fight such an opponent. I’m not sure I would want to get a shock all over my body.

	It’s both troublesome to run away from it or to face it head on.

	“The “evil monster” that Kazuki fought was a dark demon that came from the depths of the forest. The current hero, the young man, has sealed the forest where the elves are living, and the forest has been protected by them however…… It seems that the seal has been loosened with the return of the Demon Lord. Fortunately, it seems to have been defeated by the heroes before it regained its full power.”

	“Regain its power,……?”

	“It will devour an entire forest in a single night, turning into a voracious eater.”

	“Uwaa……”

	Behind me, Nea let out a grunt of disgust, but I felt the same way she did.

	The two of them must have been fighting some pretty serious opponents.

	“When you think about it, the commotion that happened to me doesn’t seem like a big deal……”

	“Don’t kid yourself”

	“That’s not the case.”

	“I’m sure it’s not.”

	“You’re just as bad as them.”

	“From what I’ve heard so far, that’s about right.”

	I received a reprimand from Amako, Nea, Arc-san, Falga-sama, and Norn-sama in that order.

	The expression on their faces twitched with a certain déjà vu.

	Why are they denying me all at once like this? Is there no one on my side?

	As I slumped my shoulders in response, Falga-sama, the corners of his mouth twisted in amusement, opened his mouth.

	“……, the heroes are already on their way to the Lingle Kingdom ahead of you. Safely, of course.”

	“Oh, I see, I’m glad……”

	We were in Hinomoto for a long time, so the time for us to return was delayed.

	Both senpai and Kazuki travel by horse, so they’re faster that way.

	As if sensing what I was thinking, Falga-sama opened his mouth while giving Norn-sama a look.

	“I’m having the ship you guys are on ready. Norn.”

	“Yes. We were making preparations before you arrived, so you can leave today.”

	“Thank you so much for everything……”

	“Fufufu, that’s not even close to enough.”

	I wonder how long it would take us to get there by boat?

	After all, it’s faster than a horse, so we might be able to reach the vicinity of the Lingle Kingdom in two or three days.

	The return trip might be really easy.

	“Usato.”

	“Yes? What is it?”

	“For the last time, it’s about the hero’s weapon.”

	“It’s Senpai and Kazuki’s……, right?”

	“Yeah, I’ll tell you right now that creating a weapon from scratch will take quite a bit of time. Perhaps we won’t be able to make it in time for the invasion of the Demon King’s army. I want you to keep that in mind.”

	“I understand. I’ll relay that message to the two of them.”

	I dare not ask about Falga-sama’s body.

	He knows what he’s doing, and he’s doing it. It would be rude to stop him.

	The weapon of the hero created by Falga-sama. I wonder what sort of shape it will form when they hold it.

	………For some reason, I can kinda imagine what senpai’s weapon will be like.

	Having finished our conversation with Falga-sama, we returned to the surface with Norn-sama.

	Later, after we had said our goodbyes to Norn-sama, we were escorted by a familiar maid to the boat that would take us to our destination.

	We took the horse and Bluerin that had been waiting outside the castle and proceeded through the streets of Miarak.

	As usual, I was subjected to strange stares since I had Bluerin with me, but I was used to it and didn’t mind.

	“The city is recovering nicely huh?”

	“Yes. It’s not in full swing yet, but we have diplomatic relations with other countries, so it looks like we’ll be able to regain the lively atmosphere of the city in the near future.”

	As I looked at the streets of Miarak while being guided around, I saw a bustling landscape there, different from the first time I visited.

	Truly, I’m glad I was able to help Karon…… Speaking of which, I wonder how Karon and Leona-san are doing.

	Maybe I should ask the maid.

	“Excuse me. How are Karon-san and Leona-san doing?”

	“Karon-sama is busy with paperwork at the castle. After Usato-sama left for the Beastmen Country, there was a lot of discussion about his punishment, but thanks to Norn-sama revealing his origins and persuading everyone, a heavy punishment was avoided.”

	If he explained Karon-sama’s origins, does that mean the people of this city now know that Karon-sama is a descendant of Falga-sama’s…… dragon?

	“Karon-sama himself wanted to be punished heavily, though. Due to the effects of his dragon personification, he couldn’t walk without a cane, and Norn-sama gave him the position of directing the reconstruction work of the city.”

	“I didn’t know that……”

	“……This is a secret, but he was trying to sneak out of work when he heard Usato-sama was coming, you know? He was then tied to a chair by Mistress, though.”

	“Heh, heh……”

	I twitch a smile at the maid who lets out a giggle.

	Is that it? He’s being tied down by the butt.

	Well, I’m glad to hear he’s doing well.

	“I’m sure Leona-sama will recognize…… soon.”

	“Eh, what do you mean?”

	“Fufufu.”

	Puzzled by the meaningful words, I followed the maid and arrived at the edge of the city, at a harbor with many ships lined up in chains.

	As if in a quandary, most of the ships were not moving, but there was one ship that was crowded with people.

	“Oh……”

	As for the size of the boat, it was probably about two times bigger than the fishing boat in my original world.

	The boat was just right, not too big, not too small, and I could see a few sailors carrying in their cargo and the back of a blonde woman I recognized.

	Spotting her, the maid called out from behind her in a somewhat good mood.

	“Leona-sama–“

	“……hmm? What’s up? Something from Norn-sama–“

	“I’ve brought Usato-sama and his party.”

	Leona-san froze at the sight of us.

	Tilting my head at the sight, I greeted her.

	“It’s not like it’s been a long time…… Hello, Leona-san. How have you been?”

	“……yeah, ah…… yeah, you look well.”

	Why is she behaving so suspiciously?

	Was she unconsciously imitating Rose? As I put my hand on my cheek in worry, the maid opened her mouth with a smile.

	“Leona-sama. I’ll leave the rest to you.”

	“Ah, oh.”

	“Then, gentlemen, have a good trip.”

	The maid bowed deeply to us as well, and left the place.

	Leona-san, who was left behind, moved her gaze impatiently, but looked at me as if she had made up her mind.

	“I’m going to accompany you on this boat trip as your escort.”

	“You are?”

	“Is the castle going to be okay?”

	She shook her head in response to my and Arc-san’s questions, as if she didn’t need to worry.

	“Don’t worry about that. I have a man who is working for me right now, whining and whining. I’m sure he’s just as happy to be working with his wife watching over him.”

	Ka-Karon or……

	It seems that even though the dragon man’s case is over, his ordeal is not over yet.

	Well, he’s got his wife with him, so I guess he’s still happy…… maybe.

	“In addition, I have been instructed by Norn-sama. She said that she can’t let the person who saved Miarak from danger return without any kind of escort.”

	“That’s why she sent Leona-san to……”

	I’m not sure if it’s too much to ask for a guard, although at first glance she doesn’t have the “staff” of a hero. But she’s the most reliable escort I’ve ever had.

	……If Leona-san is working on Norn-sama’s orders, why bother to say no?

	“Well then, please take care of the escort. Leona-san.”

	“Yeah, it’s nice to be onboard. Then let me show you around the ship immediately. I’ll also have to introduce you to the captain and crew.”

	“Yes.”

	Leona-san urged me to go up to the ship.

	I was worried about whether or not Bluerin and the horse would be able to fit on the ship, but I didn’t have to worry about that because Norn-sam had thoughtfully placed a sort of hastily built stable in the back of the ship for Bluerin and the horse.

	There were about seven people on board, including the captain and crew, and they must have heard about us, because they introduced themselves and thanked us.

	As usual, I’m not used to being thanked, so I gave an awkward response, but…… I was glad to get on the boat without any problems.

	As we were being led to our room after introductions, I noticed that Amako was looking at the lake surrounding Miarak that we could see from the ship.

	“Is this your first time on a boat, Amako?”

	“No, I think it’s my third time on a boat.”

	“Hmm? I see.”

	“Well, I snuck onto the ship when I was sneaking into Miarak and when I was leaving.”

	“Oh, I see.”

	That’s right, the only way to cross the other shore from the beastman’s domain is to get on a boat.

	……So does that mean this is the first normal boat trip for this girl?

	Hmm? Come to think of it, Nea had been cooped up in a village for a long time before she started her journey……

	“……”

	“What?”

	When I saw Nea walking near Amako, she had her arms crossed and a disinterested expression on her face.

	However, although she was acting like she wasn’t interested, she was glancing at the surface of the lake frequently, so I could tell that she was curious.

	“Nea, there’s no need to push yourself, okay?”

	“Wha— N-no, I’m not pushing it.”

	“The boat is unusual, isn’t it? I understand, everyone is excited when they first get on board.”

	“Do I look like a child? Why do you always have to be so thoughtful?”

	As I looked at Nea, who was desperately trying to deny the truth, with a smile on her face, Leona-sa walking in front of me, turned to me.

	“These two rooms are yours. It’s roughly two to three days from here to the vicinity of the Lingle Kingdom. Normally, we should be able to get there much faster, but…… there’s a danger of demons, so we’ll have to travel by boat while being cautious.”

	“There will be demons?”

	“Yeah. But don’t worry, they’re not that powerful. This ship is also loaded with weapons, so you don’t have to worry about it sinking.”

	If that’s the case, I’m relieved.

	The idea of a demon living in the water doesn’t bother me, but I’d rather not encounter one if I can avoid the danger.

	We stepped into our respective rooms, Amako and Nea, and me and Arc-san.

	As I was about to enter the room with my luggage, Leona-san called out to me, as if she had suddenly noticed something.

	“Speaking of which, Usato. What happened to the uniform you always wore?”

	“Oh,…… it got torn. I got into a bit of a tussle in the Land of Beasts……”

	By the way, I was still wearing the cloak Hayate-san gave me.

	I always wore my uniform in front of Leona-san, so it was understandable that she was curious.

	“What? Are you okay?”

	“Yeah, I got a bit of windpipe on my shoulder, stomach, and leg, but I was fine.”

	“I don’t think that qualifies as okay though!! Wait wh-what did you say? Your windpipe?!”

	Leona-san touched my shoulders and stomach, flustered.

	For some reason, the fact that Amako, who had been looking at the surface of the lake earlier, was looking up at me with no expression on her face gave me a bit of a fright.

	“You don’t have to worry about it, since it’s been cured by the healing magic.”

	“Yeah, I see…… But it must have been something serious for you to be injured. What kind of demon was it? Or were you caught in a landslide?”

	Why is it limited to demons and natural disasters?

	I don’t know how to answer this question, as if I’m unconsciously excluding the possibility that I was injured artificially.

	At any rate, it’s going to be difficult to explain right now.

	“I-I’ll talk to you about this when I have more time.”

	“……I see. Oh, I’m sorry for calling you out.”

	Leona-san, who had hurriedly stepped back, cleared her throat once to regain her composure, then opened her mouth again.

	“We’ll be leaving soon. It might be a little bumpy, so be careful. I’m going to go talk to the captain, so if you need me, feel free to call me.”

	“Yes.”

	Saying that, Leona-san turned her back on me and headed towards the direction of the captain’s office.

	After seeing her off, I was about to enter the room assigned to me and Alk when I suddenly turned my attention to the view outside the ship.

	“……The long journey is almost over, huh?”

	It’s kind of a strange feeling, like I’m both happy and sad.

	Remembering my journey so far and feeling deeply moved, I put my luggage back on my shoulders and put my hand on the doorknob of my room.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Due to Norn’s meddling, Leona will be accompanying him on his escort.

	It’s not too late for Inugami-senpai to make her full appearance in the main story……!





Chapter 144

	This is the first time I’ve traveled on a ship in my life in another world.

	I’ve been on a boat before in the world I was in, but the one I’m on now doesn’t shake as much and makes me feel as if I’m on the ground. I don’t have to worry about getting seasick, and the trip is going to be much more comfortable than I thought it would be.

	A few hours after we left the ship, night fell and we had our first dinner on the ship……

	“Can you for once please understand just how dangerous of a technique you’re trying to pull off……!”

	“I’m sorry……”

	I was being lectured at the dinner table.

	The whole thing started because during dinner with the five of us and Leona-san, Nea gossiped about my healing flying fist and healing striking fist.

	Upon hearing this, Leona-san went pale with a spoon in her hand, and after looking at me in the seat next to her with the movements of a rusty machine, she began to lecture me.

	“The technique you used is like making a small hole in a bag that has swollen to the brink of exploding. Even though you have the gauntlet, if you had done it in the flesh, you might have blown it off from the elbow up.”

	“……Oh, so that’s what happened. Ah, what a lifesaver Falga-sama’s gauntlet is……”

	“That’s not the point!”

	Leona-san, out of breath, poured a drink into the cup that was placed beside her and drank it down in one go.

	Hmm? What did you just pour into the cup, Leona? It wasn’t water, was it?

	“That’s a strange idea! Why did you try to make your fist fly!”

	“Sorry……”

	“Why would you shoot your fist at zero distance when you can make it fly!”

	“Yes, you’re right.”

	I can’t argue with a good argument.

	Rather, I wondered if being genuinely worried and lectured was this much of a burden on my mind.

	The only time I’ve ever been lectured has been mercilessly, without a hint of kindness, so it’s quite bearable.

	“Your technique is not magic, it’s a martial art!”

	“I’m sorry I keep hitting you……”

	“What’s healing magic!”

	“It’s this.”

	“No, it’s not!”

	I showed her a normal healing magic and she denied it!

	What the heck is different about……?

	I showed the healing magic in my fist to Amako, who was sitting next to me on the opposite side of the table from Leona-san, eating her meal in silence.

	“Amako, this is a healing spell, right?”

	“Hmm?…… No, it’s not. It’s a healing punch.”

	“Oh, yeah, that’s right. Hahaha.”

	……

	……Hmm?

	“Wait that’s not it! You’re trying to tell me that healing punches and healing magic are two different things!”

	“Yes.”

	This little fox nodded without hesitation.

	“Nea! You think they’re different, don’t you!”

	I looked at Nea and saw that she was propped up on the table with a cup in her hand that looked like she had only taken about two sips.

	“Nea, what’s wrong!”

	“Nea’s down from drinking something she’s not used to.”

	“Why?

	No wonder you’ve been so quiet!

	You know what you said! ”When you’re my age, you can handle a keg of this stuff!”

	“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to go that far……”

	As I sobered up and became depressed, Leona-san hurriedly leaned over me.

	It’s a bit close, isn’t it? As I tried to pull away, I noticed that her face was strangely red.

	“Leona-san, are you drunk?”

	“Hmm, I’m not drunk. I’m a knight, you see, and I try not to drink in case of an emergency.”

	I see, I must have imagined it.

	Then good—-

	“So, when did Usato become able to alter himself into three people? No, I wouldn’t be surprised if you could.”

	I immediately picked up the cup beside Leona-san and the bowl she was pouring from.

	Sure enough, I could smell alcohol.

	And there’s Nea, prostrating on the seat in front of Leona-san.

	Nea, you little……!

	“I’m so worried about you…… really, I’m so glad that you came back safely…… uugh… uuu……”

	“Wait, Leona-san.”

	“You’re not a normal human…… and I know you’re not the kind of person who would lose his life so easily. But more than that, you’re dangerous to watch…… because of the way you fight with no regard for yourself……”

	“Leona-san……”

	I guess I had made Leona-san worry quite a bit.

	Indeed, I may have been a little too self-conscious.

	I’ll have to reflect on that……

	“Looking at it up close, it’s like watching a raging bull that’s lost its grip on its teeth……”

	“Usato, I guess it’s true that when someone’s drunk, their true feelings come out.”

	“Oi you shut up!”

	When I said that to Amako, who had quietly said such a thing, Leona-san became depressed, as if she thought it was directed at her.

	“Uuuu, I’m sorry. I’m sorry for being such a nagging twenty year old……! Uuuuu……!”

	“Ohhh, I wasn’t talking to you, Leona-san!”

	Leona-san grabbed onto my shoulder at the earliest opportunity, her voice becoming teary.

	Yeah, it’s a pain in the ass, does she have a crying problem when drunk! I’ve never done this before, but can you sober someone up with healing magic? This is like a kind of abnormal condition, isn’t it?

	I was in a hurry, so I decided to call Arc-san when I was in trouble.

	“Oh, Arc-san!”

	“Arc-san went to borrow the kitchen to make some snacks. He was in a really good mood.”

	Ugh, I don’t want to get in the way of good-tempered Arc-san.

	Wait a minute, the way this is going, it’s not like Amako is sipping on alcohol too…

	“W-wait a minute, you’re not drunk too, are you?”

	“Alcohol? I’m only fourteen, so I don’t drink. Also, it’s a nice dinner.”

	Common sense told me that was true.

	I had forgotten that Nea looked like she was in her mid-teens, but she is actually over 300 years old, so it’s not like she can’t drink alcohol.

	…But the most important thing is that Nea is drunk and fainted. I’m sure she’ll be fine, she’s still breathing, but I’m going to release a healing magic bullet just in case.

	“Let’s eat too Usato? It’s the only time you can eat Miarak’s cooking, right?”

	“……I guess so. If we miss this, it looks like it won’t be for a while.”

	“Yeah…… But before that—-“

	I nodded at Amako’s words and tried to reach for the food laid out in front of me, but for some reason, she looked at me with a blank stare.

	That gaze is right next to my……?

	“Shouldn’t you do something about her?”

	“……Kuh……”

	S-She’s sleeping. And she’s sleeping with her head on my shoulder……

	Aren’t you a little too weak for alcohol. I’m not a drinker, but even I can tell.

	“Don’t drink and be drunk, right? Yeah, I’ll be careful.”

	It seems that no matter what world you live in, you have to be careful with alcohol.

	I supported Leona-san who had fallen asleep drunk, and performed healing magic on her while escaping from reality.

	The first dinner on the boat trip was chaotic thanks to Nea, who brought out a bottle of liquor. After that, I punished Nea by giving her a finger-flying healing magic bullet, a healing finger bullet, when she got up with a dazed look on her face.

	But what the heck, the Miarak fish dish served for dinner and the snacks made by Arc-san were delicious, so it was a good memory.

	“……Oh, um, Usato, yesterday was……”

	“Leona-san, I don’t mind, you know.”

	And the next morning, while I was feeding Bluerin and the horse, I found Leona-san on the edge of the boat with her hands over her face, screaming in agony.

	I guess I don’t have to tell, but it must be because of what happened at the dinner table yesterday.

	Apparently, she had a subtle memory of the time when she was drinking, and as soon as she saw me, she made her face turn bright red.

	“But I could tell that Leona-san was very worried about me.”

	“……D-did I say anything else? You know, something rude or……”

	“You did say that I was like a raging bull that had lost control of itself.”

	“W-Whaaa? Mugyuuu! What have I done!? I did not mean any of that, absolutely not! Hauu……!?”

	I guess that’s exactly what it means to fall for a story.

	I look at the flowing river from a distance. It’s so beautiful, I bet it would feel good to jump in.

	“Haha,…… I’ve been treated like a monster a lot lately, so it’s refreshing to be compared to a normal animal.”

	“Oh, really……?”

	It’s not that I was depressed.

	Rather, if I was depressed at this level, there would be no end to it.

	“Um, Usato. There was something I wanted to ask you.”

	“What is it?”

	I tilted my head at Leona-san who asked me a question in a reserved manner.

	What is it? It doesn’t seem to have anything to do with the fact that she was drunk on alcohol……

	She pulled out a piece of paper from her long skirt pocket and handed it to me.

	“The maid at the castle gave me this, and when I…… looked it over, this is what it said.”

	“……”

	Feeling a bad premonition, I opened it and found that it was an article about Inugami-senpai that I had seen sometime ago.

	While I was silently impatient, Leona-san somewhat awkwardly turned her gaze towards the river.

	“I could tell from your reaction. Usato, I congratulate you guys on……!”

	“Leona-san! First of all, please let me explain what’s going on here!”

	“Uh-huh?”

	It took five minutes of desperate explanation to Leona-san, who squeezed out her words with extraordinary determination, perhaps because of some misunderstanding.

	After hearing about the situation, she folded her arms and nodded her head as if she understood.

	“I see. To refuse the confession of a prince from another country? Even though there was a problem on that side who tried to confess in front of the public, the hero Suzune is also doing something bold.”

	“That’s why I’m confused, though. Why did she mention my name……?”

	“Usato, it’s because……”

	“Yes?”

	“……No, it’s nothing.”

	Leona was about to say something, but when I asked her back, she just shook her head and brushed it off.

	“What kind of man are you? Towards the hero Suzune?”

	“She’s a friend of mine. She’s a curious girl who jumps on a lot of things…… Oh, she gets carried away when you’re nice to her.”

	“……You’re introducing me to a human right! It sounded like an introduction to cats and dogs to me!”

	……? Oh shit! No, because if I were to be honest about Inugami-senpai’s character, I would have to explain it this way.

	I guess I should have explained it better.

	It’s a matter of honour for senpai.

	“Well, it’s difficult to describe senpai in words, but…… she’s not a bad person. Rather, she is a good person. Before I came to this world, I thought she was really perfect, but in reality, she’s more human than anyone else.”

	“Oh, I see. You and the two heroes came from another world, didn’t you?”

	“Yes…… And that girl told me that she had no intention of going back to her original world.”

	“……And that is.”

	I don’t want to go back to my original world.

	When I was lost in the darkness of Lingle, I saw senpai vomit out such sentiments, and the image I had of her by that time completely collapsed.

	……No, to be frank, it was as if it had crumbled right after she was summoned.

	“As for me, I think it’s good that senpai is enjoying this world. I’ll be troubled even if I’m involved in the quirk, though.”

	Turning to the article that mentioned senpai and I and smiling, Leona-san turned to me with a somewhat troubled expression.

	“……Would you want to go back to your world?”

	“Me? Hmmm……”

	Currently, there’s no way to return to that side.

	I’ve heard that the Welshies of the Lingle Kingdom are desperately trying to find a way to return, but it’s a long shot.

	But if I’m forced to choose between going back and not going back…

	“Right now, I don’t know. I have family and friends in the world I was in before. But there are people in this world that I don’t want to leave as much as I do.”

	Now that I think about it, I’ve met a lot of people since I was summoned to the Lingle Kingdom and started my journey. My relationship with them is just as important to me as it was when I was in the original world.

	It’s not an easy decision to make and divide.

	I wondered if my pent-up feelings were showing on my face, but Leona-san gave me an apologetic look.

	“……I’m sorry. I asked you a question that was hard to answer.”

	“No, don’t worry about it. It’s something I’ll have to think about someday.”

	I have to make a decision on the coming day.

	Which world should I choose, the one I was in or the one I’m in now?

	The moment I thought about it, one concern came to my mind.

	“……farewell, huh?”

	What would I do if Inugami-senpai and Kazuki, who were faced with the same choice, chose different answers?

	I’m not sure I can accept parting with my two best friends in this world.

	In a way, it’s the worst thing I could have imagined, and I had to shake it off and look at the scenery in front of me to calm myself down.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	“I’ve been treated like a monster all my life.”

	If you just take out the dialogue here, it doesn’t look like the main character who had a difficult childhood……





Chapter 145

	Once you get used to living on a ship, you start to see the many ways to enjoy it.

	I was able to enjoy a different kind of peaceful journey, gazing at the changing scenery and the flowing river.

	It was noon on the third day after we boarded the boat. We would be arriving at the Kingdom of Lingle in about half a day.

	As I was leaning against the edge of the ship, remembering our journey so far, Nea, who had taken human form, came up next to me.

	“You look bored.”

	“Yeah, I guess so.”

	We basically had nothing to do on the ship, since the sailors were doing all the work.

	Oh, come to think of it, Arc-san has taken the lead in cooking-related matters at some point.

	Bluerin is coasting, Amako is writing a letter to Kanoko and Rinka, and Leona-san is cleaning the spear she brought instead of the hero’s weapon.

	So, it was only me and Nea who really had nothing to do at the moment.

	“Nea, there’s something that’s been bothering me for a while.”

	“Hmm? What is it?”

	“You’re a vampire, aren’t you?”

	“Huh? Why the hell are you asking that right now?”

	At this point, I thought I’d ask Nea something I was a little curious about.

	I hadn’t heard of it for some reason.

	“No but I’m just curious, do vampires in this world drink blood and increase their own kind?”

	“……By this world you mean, is that true in Usato’s world as well?”

	“In our world, vampires are fantasy creatures, but there are many stories about them.”

	In my world, I’m not sure if they exist or not, but it’s a common setting for vampires to suck blood to increase their army.

	Nea opened her mouth at my words, turning her head away.

	“It’s not impossible, you know.”

	“Really!?”

	Without thinking, I took three steps away from Nea.

	“Why are you distancing yourself!”

	“Because, you know? You’ll suck all the blood out of humans and turn them into ghouls, right?”

	“No, I wouldn’t do such a horrible thing! How freaky are the vampires in your world?”

	Apparently, I was wrong.

	After calming her breathing down, Nea looked away from me with a slight hesitation.

	“The way we increase the number of our kind is not by sucking blood. Rather, it’s the opposite; we feed them blood.”

	“Feed them? The blood of vampires?”

	“Yes, of course. Not just any blood of course. It can’t be just blood because that would violate the prohibition against transforming humans into demons. To put it simply, it’s a special kind of blood that contains highly pure magical power. It will reconstitute the human body into our body.”

	“……Is it really that easy to do?”

	“Fufufu of course it’s impossible.”

	Nea laughed hilariously at my words.

	“There’s no way a normal human being can withstand the kind of load that would remake their body. Even if you’re lucky and your body can withstand it, your mind will be destroyed and you’ll end up like a slightly stronger zombie.”

	“……That’s some…… egregious stuff.”

	“Well, I’m knowledgeable about it, but I’ve never tried it.”

	I would never want to be a zombie, or a slightly stronger zombie.

	But turning a human into a demon, isn’t that kind of dangerous? As I was inwardly reaffirming the abnormality of vampires as demons, Nea turned a mischievous smile towards me.

	“If you’re physically and mentally ridiculously strong, you can do it, can’t you? What say we give it a try? It will raise the upper limit of your physical body and increase your lifespan incomparably to that of a human, you know?”

	Nea said, peeking out her sharp fangs.

	I sighed at Nea and lightly poked her in the forehead.

	“Ouch!”

	“You’ve got to be kidding me. I still want to be human.”

	“Uuuuu~ Jeez, of course I’m joking! You’re not human enough at this point! How long do you want to act like a human, you muscles for brains!”

	You-You would go that far.

	I know with your illusions that I’m not so human okay? And I’m aware that I’m not human, but that doesn’t mean I’ve stopped acting like a human right?

	“You on the other hand… Un?”

	She was angry and glaring at me with tears in her eyes, but then she suddenly noticed something and turned her gaze towards the river.

	“What’s wrong?”

	“I think I just saw something move down there……”

	Is there a fish or something?

	I wondered the same thing, and like Nea, I leaned forward to take a peek at the river, but at that moment, with a huge splash, something the size of a man jumped out at us.

	“Gegege–!”

	“”Huh?””

	The poisonous coloured thing jumped up right in front of us, and our eyes met.

	It had a rotund physique, viscous skin, and a long tongue. Its appearance was similar to that of the frog on earth.

	However, the moment I saw it in my field of vision, which was many times larger than the frog I knew, I almost reflexively slammed my gauntlet fist into its abdomen.

	“Nun!”

	“G-Gefuu!”

	The giant frog returned to the water with white eyes.

	It’s probably a demon, but…… well, I was surprised when it came out of nowhere, but that’s about it.

	It’s not even as scary as the ghost or Rose.

	“Blergh, my gauntlet feels really sticky……”

	“Heh, you just naturally punched it without hesitation…… Sometimes I can rely on that kind of unwaveringly.”

	“Can you stand?Nea.”

	“Hmm? Yeah I can.”

	As I brush the mucus off my hands, I help Nea, who is slumped over in surprise to stand up. Then, from a different place than where we were, several of the same giant frogs from earlier climbed onto the boat.

	“””Gegege–!”””

	“……Uwah.”

	In an instant, the top of the ship was in trouble.

	The sight of a giant toad bouncing around on the ship made Nea and me twitch our cheeks.

	Hearing the commotion, the sailors, Leona-san, Arc-san and Amako come out from the ship.

	“A bunch of aquafrogs! What’s with all the numbers……! Usato, are you okay!”

	“We’re fine over here. Amako and the…… captains, please stay hidden!”

	“Gero!”

	“Tsk!”

	The two giant frogs, the Aqua Frogs, must have noticed me, because they jumped and hit me.

	I don’t want my gauntlet to become slippery, so I aim with my right fist and fire two healing blows. The healing magic bullets released with the sound of air popping knocked the aqua frog down into the river.

	“Okay, let’s just knock them all down to the river for now.”

	“Even though I’m saying this now, are you really a healing magician?”

	“Think of me as the new generation of a healing magician……”

	After confirming that with Nea, who had turned into an owl, she had flown to my shoulder while uttering an excuse that I found painful, I moved to Arc-san and the others while keeping the Aqua Frog in check with my healing magic bullets.

	“Leona, Arc. Do you have any feedback?”

	“……Somehow, I’m starting to think Usato is pioneering a new kind of magic.”

	“It’s great to see it again…… Yeah, really.”

	Leona-san replied to Nea’s words with a somewhat distant look on her face, while Arc-san gave her a normal compliment. However, she immediately changed her expression and pointed the point of her spear, which was different from the hero’s weapon, at the aqua frog.

	“It seems that because the ship didn’t pass through, this has become Aqua Frog’s territory…… I didn’t expect them to come up to the ship, but……”

	“What kind of demons are these guys?”

	“On their own, their combat power isn’t very high. You just have to be careful not to get caught by their sharp claws, the poison they secrete from their backs, or their tongues. The problem is the number of these—-“

	As far as I could see, there were a dozen or so aqua frogs bouncing around on the ship, trolling around.

	It’s a sight that would normally scare me in more ways than one, but it doesn’t matter to us right now.

	“–Well, with you guys, it won’t be a problem.”

	“Yes.”

	Leona-san generates ice magic in her hands, and Arc-san makes his newly-made sword glow red.

	I’m the only one holding my fist without using magic.

	I’ve never been in a fight where I felt like a magician.

	The first thing I learnt from fighting the Aqua Frog was that it was dangerous to touch it with your bare hands because it looked too slimy to touch, but even without that, the poison that covered its body surface was dangerous.

	With my healing magic, I could quickly heal the poison, but there was no need to waste magic power, so I decided to safely fight off the Aqua Frog.

	“Gege!”

	“Too slow.”

	“Geooo!”

	I grabbed the tongue sticking out like a spear with my gauntlet and threw it outside the ship after having Nea cast a restraint spell on it.

	Oi, you gotta be kidding me! Making me feel a little sorry for the Aqua Frog as it fell into the water with a look on its face that said, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”

	“I’ve already noticed it! Healing magic burst palm!”

	“Gee!”

	“Uwaah……”

	The aqua frog is blown off the ship by the bursting palm.

	Anyone could tell when it flopped down from behind and approached us.

	“I knew it, normal demons are no longer a match for you. I know I can’t help it, but…… you’re really not human.”

	“There’s a frog with its mouth open, do you want me to throw you in?”

	“Aah, I’m sorry, I’m sorry! I’m sorry, but don’t grab me by the ears and pull me down!”

	Nea clutches my cloak tightly and fights back as I sigh and fires a healing finger bomb from the gauntlet into the wide-open mouth of the Aqua Frog.

	They are much less powerful and have a range of less than three meters, but they are much faster than healing magic bullets. The aqua frog that was hit in the oral cavity writhed in confusion, then lost its balance and fell into the river.

	“Well, now that that’s mostly taken care of. Are Arc-san and Leona-san okay?”

	After dropping all the aqua frogs in the vicinity from the boat, I looked at the two who were probably dealing with them elsewhere.

	Arc-san was using his flaming sword to fight off the aqua frogs, and there were no scorch marks from the flames or even dead aqua frogs around him.

	“As expected of Arc-san, I don’t need to help him whatsoever. As for Leona-san……”

	Most of the aquafrogs had been defeated on Leona-san’s side as well.

	Using ice magic and a spear that she hadn’t shown in her fight with Karon, she was able to toss the aqua frogs around and knock them off the ship in a fluid motion.

	Freezing the floor and manipulating magic bullets remotely, the variety of techniques as always was something to marvel at no matter how many times I saw them.

	“Usato-dono, all the demons that came up to the ship have been cleared.”

	“It seems so. Well, I’m glad it wasn’t a strong demon. I don’t want to encounter a powerful demon even on my way back home, you know?”

	No, I really don’t want that.

	I’m in a desperate state of mind, like I can’t go home normally with the Lingle Kingdom in front of me.

	After dispatching all the Aqua Frogs, I was conversing with Arc-san, who had put away his sword, when I noticed that Leona-san was still clutching her spear and had a grim expression on her face.

	“Leona-dono, is there still something lurking?”

	“No, I don’t know yet.”

	Leona-san replied vaguely to Arc-san’s words.

	“……Aqua Frogs are demons that act in packs. The boss of the aqua frogs, Motherfrog, is supposed to be in that flock, but…… I’ve been wondering why she hasn’t shown up yet.”

	I see, so that’s why you were still on alert.

	But Mother Frog is the parent of Aquafrog, so Mother?

	“There are two possibilities I can think of. One is that either Mother Frog has already died out. The other is…… that she’s trying to attack us when she’s exhausted from hitting us with her child, Aquafrog.”

	“……In case you’re wondering, how is that mother frog different from a regular aquafrog?”

	“It’s—-“

	Just as Leona-san was about to continue, the surface of the water in front of the ship exploded vigorously, and a huge object the size of a light car flew high into the air.

	A purple frog, incomparably larger than the Aqua Frog.

	With a somewhat distant look, Leona-san pointed at the purple frog.

	“Yeah, well, it’s not as big as…… that one.”

	“No, no, no! If that thing falls on the ship, we’ll sink!”

	Nea was right, there was no way the ship could withstand the weight of that thing. I mean, how high is it jumping?

	They’re not trying to board the ship, they’re trying to destroy it!

	“Usato, Arc-dono! We’ll use maximum firepower to repel them!

	“Alright!”

	“Maximum firepower? I’m a healing magician though.”

	Leona-san was ready to throw a spear filled with ice magic, and Art-san was holding a flaming sword that was even more brilliant.

	I can’t be clueless anymore.

	“Yeah, I’ll have to use it!”

	I put the maximum amount of magic power into my gauntlet and move into a healing fist stance.

	To be honest, it may seem like overkill, but if it falls into the ship, we’re finished.

	I’m going to try to leap, keeping my eyes on the Motherfrog that is falling towards us.

	“—- Wait! Something’s flying at us from the side!”

	“What?”

	The moment Leon-san’s voice stopped me, a crescent-shaped magic blade with a dazzling electric shock hit Motherfrog from another direction.

	The crescent-shaped magic blade blew away the Motherfrog’s huge body and at the same time scorched it with electric shocks.

	“Wha-!”

	“This electric shock is…… no way.”

	The Motherfrog fell a short distance away from the ship, making a huge splash.

	The rolled-up water rained down on the ship, but I ignored it and looked in the direction where the magic blade had flown.

	In my line of sight, I saw the reflection of a black-haired girl who had swung her sword with a gush of lightning.

	When she spotted me, she waved at me with a big smile on her face.

	“Inugami-senpai!”

	Inugami-senpai, one of my best friends whom I had vowed to meet again.

	It was unexpected that I would see her again before arriving at the Kingdom of Lingle, but it was a joyous occasion for me.





Chapter 146

	It was by chance that I saw the scene.

	A large ship moving down a river.

	On the boat were people with weapons fighting demons, and a giant frog jumped up to crush them.

	I knew I had to save them, so I ran to the riverbank alone and shot a magic blade with a thunderbolt to repel the giant frog.

	However, the situation did not end there.

	My relief was short-lived when my eyes met his as he looked at me from the top of the boat.

	I couldn’t put my mind at ease at this unexpected reunion with Usato, the man I had vowed to see again two months ago, so all I could do was give him a twitchy smile and wave.

	Afterwards, the boat that Usato was on dropped anchor near the riverbank where Kurumia and I were.

	As I waited for them to come ashore, tormented by the joy of seeing them again, fear and some anticipation of how Usato would react, I saw Arc-san, Amako and a strange blonde woman descend from the boat, led by Usato.

	……Who is that woman? What’s more, she’s tall and quite beautiful, isn’t she?

	From the way she acts, I can tell she’s a very talented woman, but—–

	“Suzune-san, how long are you going to stay frozen?”

	“Wha–!?”

	When I came to my senses at the sound of Kurumia’s voice, Usato-kun was already approaching right in front of me.

	On his shoulder is a small, black owl.

	……S-So cuuuuuuute. I- I can’t. I can’t be in awe at the owl now, right now I need to apologize to Usato-kun.

	“U-Usato-kun, long time no see!”

	“Yes, it’s been a while. I’m glad to see you again, senpai.”

	Seeing Usato-kun smiling at me, I couldn’t help but back away.

	I guess that’s what you call a smile that’s smiling but not laughing. The lack of inflection in his words makes the fear more pronounced.

	“E-ehm, Uhhm, Usato-kun?”

	“What is it?”

	“Could it be that you’re angry with…… me?”

	The fact that I had turned down another country’s prince’s proposal of marriage in the form of mentioning Usato-kun’s name had caused quite a stir.

	“No, I’m not mad at you.”

	“I know that you’ll be angry……… What?”

	Looking at me in dismay, Usato-kun finally lost his expression and smiled.

	“I’m sure you’re aware of the situation. Of course, if someone confesses to you in the middle of a crowd, there’s no way you can handle it calmly. Even if I were to refuse, I would need a reason to convince the other person, so I know it was the spur of the moment.”

	“Uu-Usato-kun……”

	“Besides, senpai seems to be reflecting on it a lot, and it’s clear that you didn’t spread it on purpose.”

	I couldn’t help but put my hand over my mouth.

	I knew there was no way he would forgive me so easily.

	I had thought that maybe Usato-kun was thinking of a way to get back at me.

	But now, I was ashamed of myself for imagining such a thing.

	“Aren’t you glad that he understood you?”

	I nodded to Kurumia who whispered from behind.

	“And since you’re my senpai, I think it was just the momentum of the moment, or the tension that got the better of you and you couldn’t stop it, so you couldn’t go back.”

	“Ugh!”

	“Wow, that’s great. You understand Suzune-san very well, Usato-sama.”

	I was taken aback by the surprise, but Kurumia, who was standing next to me, clapped her hands in admiration.

	This guard! You’re enjoying the situation, aren’t you?

	“Ah, it’s been a while, Kurumia-san.”

	“It’s been a long time, Usato-sama and Amako-sama. How have you been, Arc-kun?”

	“Yes, how about Kurumia?”

	“I…”

	And she’s having a friendly conversation with them, which is the opposite of what she was doing earlier!

	What’s this difference?!

	“——Oh, by the way, senpai…”

	“Ha-hahi!

	When I was stunned by the scene before me, Usato-kun shifted his gaze to me and took out a folded piece of paper from the pocket of his gray cloak and unfolded it so that I could see it.

	“Do you understand? Here.”

	“Yes, it’s……”

	“It’s not acceptable for this handsome nobleman to have a deformed picture or some other rootless rumour circulating.”

	Ugh, the story I feared most!

	As I behaved suspiciously, Usato-kun, with a lecherous smile on his face, tapped the paper with his hand.

	“What’s with this? He can use healing magic to blind, or punch you, or even be gold-bound.”

	“T-That is……”

	“This is so much more than that, you know? How can healing magic wield that much. So what are you gonna do about that?”

	“I-I’m sorry okay! The rumour spread from Mia Rak to Lukvis!”

	This is where Usato-kun traveled, so they must have made up a story with no roots, adding a footnote to his character.

	No matter how much Usato-kun, he would never do something so out of the ordinary…… Probably.

	Anyway, it’s all my fault.

	I have to take all his words and show them.

	“Oh, um, Usato,…… Isn’t that enough? Her knees are shaking……”

	“Usato, I don’t think you should lie, no matter how much you want to……”

	“……I guess so.”

	The blonde woman says this as she looks at my knees almost giving out, flustered.

	At the woman’s words, Usato relaxes his shoulders.

	“Hahaha, I’m just kidding. I was just teasing you a little bit, senpai.”

	“……Eh.”

	“Now the payback is over for now. As I said before, I’m not really mad at you.”

	My cheeks burned with shame at the fact that I was being teased by a younger man.

	However, I was sure that somewhere in the back of my mind there was a part of me that felt happy about this nostalgic exchange.

	“I haven’t been able to meet Kazuki yet, but I’m really glad that I was able to safely reunite with…… senpai.”

	“……Yeah. I’m glad too!”

	Two months may seem like a short time in terms of numbers, but the events that took place during that period were so intense that they cannot be described in a single word.

	The man who is here now, Usato, must have gone through a lot of rough times during his journey. That’s why I’m so happy that we were able to meet again in one piece like this.

	“……hmm? Payback… for now?”

	As I was about to burst into tears, I suddenly realized that there was a part of his words from earlier that stuck with me.

	In a different way than before, I asked Usato-kun with a quiver in my voice.

	“Usato-kun, for the time being, is…… perhaps…… not in the right frame of mind?”

	“……”

	“Uh, Usato-kun? Can you not smile in silence! Say something please!”

	Even so, Usato’s mouth still twisted up in silence.

	In front of him, I couldn’t help but be terrified of the prank in the name of revenge that might happen anytime in the future.

	I hadn’t seen senpai in two months, but she hadn’t changed in a good way.

	She was still the same person who likes to tease people, but when it came time for me to do the same, she was as weak as ever, and I ended up teasing her too much.

	After playing a few tricks on senpai, I decided to introduce Leona-san to senpai and Kurumia-san.

	“I’ll introduce you. She is Leona-san, the hero of Miarak who escorted us here.”

	At my introduction, senpai looked at Leona-san in surprise.

	Receiving the gaze of senpai, Leona-san took a small bow and then stepped forward.

	“It’s my first time meeting you. Inukami Suzune-dono, a hero of the Kingdom of Lingle. I am Leona, the hero of Miarak. I was entrusted with escorting Usato and the others on this occasion, and I accompanied them here.”

	“A hero?! I knew you were quite a talented person, but I didn’t think you were a hero like me……”

	“No, no, I’m just a knight who was given the title of hero. It wasn’t long that I officially became known as a hero……”

	Leona-san’s cheeks reddened with embarrassment, she denied the words of senpai, but in fact, she is a very good hero.

	I’ve fought with her and I know her well enough to say that.

	“Leona-san and I fought together during the commotion that happened in Mia Rak. Thanks to her cooperation, we were able to stop Karon-san…… ’s dragon form that went amok.”

	“I see, I didn’t know much about the details of the situation, but does that mean Leona-san is one of the people who led to the resolution of Mia Rak’s commotion?”

	I nodded at Kurumia-san’s words.

	Then I noticed that senpain with her arms crossed was swaying to the side and looking at Leona-san.

	“……Leona-san, you’re……”

	“What’s going on? Suzune-dono.”

	After checking her entire body, from her toes to her head, senpai turned to me.

	I’m not sure if it’s my imagination or not, but I have a strange feeling of déjà vu and a bad premonition.

	“Usato-kun! Blonde knights are really nice right! What’s more she’s the cool type.”

	“……I’m relieved that you’re the same as usual.”

	Guess she hasn’t changed one bit. I’m sure this crazy behavior in front is exactly what Inugami Senpai is.

	Perhaps it’s a reaction she’s used to, but Kurumia-san, who’s standing next to her, is also cowering her shoulders and smiling.

	“Usato. What is Suzune-dono talking about? Co~ol?”

	“She means that you’re cool. It doesn’t mean anything weird, so please don’t worry.”

	“Uh, yeah, I see……”

	I can’t give this person any weird knowledge.

	When I explained it so simply to Leona-san, I noticed that senpai who had been so excited earlier was strangely quiet.

	If you look at her, she is looking at me and Leona-san alternately and tilting her head.

	“……No, there’s something a little strange about Leona-san’s reaction to Usato-kun……”

	“Hmm? What’s wrong with that?”

	“Well, I don’t know.”

	Senpai also tilted her head as if she didn’t quite understand.

	For some reason, Amako who was standing nearby let out an exasperated sigh.

	“……Well, whatever.”

	There’s no point in thinking too much about it.

	For now, I think I’m done with Leona-san’s introduction.

	I’ll introduce Nea next…… I can’t wait to see what kind of response I’ll get.

	“Well then, next I’ll introduce the companion who became a familiar during the journey. Nea.”

	“……”

	“Hmm?”

	She didn’t react when I called out to the owl on her shoulder, but seemed to be observing senpai closely.

	I thought you’ve been awfully quiet since just now, what’s wrong with you? Are you stunned because she’s so far removed from the hero you imagined?

	“Uhhhh, Usato-kun. The girl’s name is Nea-chan, isn’t it? Now, if you’ll let me touch her,……”

	I guess she’s been holding back quite a bit, but senpai is starting to become a bit of a dangerous person.

	This reaction is rather natural, since she looks cute from the outside.

	As I was hesitating about what to do, Nea jumped lightly from my shoulder and jumped onto senpai’s outstretched hand.

	“Cyuuuute! Ahiya huaa bija!”

	“Usato. Suzune-dono is kind of a…… sensual person.”

	“Leona-san, it’s okay to say it more clearly……”

	Leona-san looks bewildered at senpai who raised her voice in an un-girlish way.

	As for me, it’s normal behavior, but maybe not so from the side I start to feel nostalgic for Inugami-senpai, the highborn girl of my former world.

	It was an admiration for me back then.

	“Finally…… finally, there was a demon that treated me normally…… Uuuu, I feel like crying……”

	“……Kurumia-san. No way, not even during the trip.”

	“Yes, you guessed it.”

	How hungry was this person to touch a demon……?

	I was starting to feel sorry for her all over again.

	I’m not sure if she was trying to pet Nea, but her hand trembled as she tried to extend it to her head. Once you take a look at the hand, you’ll see that it’s not a hand, but a wing.

	“……”

	“Ne, Nea-chan–“

	“Hmph, please don’t pet me so carelessly.”

	“!”

	As soon as she says that, Nea spreads her wings and returns to my shoulder, and looks at senpai, who is so surprised that she can’t even speak and her mouth is gaping like a carp.

	“I knew the heroes of the other world were different. The magic power, quality, and everything else is totally different from ordinary humans.”

	“Wha- Wha–……”

	“……Eh, no way, you can…… talk?”

	It’s not only senpai who is astonished by the owl that suddenly began to speak, but even Kurumia-san.

	It’s no wonder. I’ve been surprised many times before, but Nea is a humanoid demon that can speak human language. I would be surprised if a being who rarely appears in front of people became my familiar.

	It wasn’t what I expected, but I was able to surprise senpai, and now I’ll introduce Nea.

	“Ah, let me introduce you again. This is my familiar, Nea. She looks like an owl, but this is just her temporary form–“

	“Okay, Usato. I can at least introduce myself.”

	Interrupting my words, Nea jumped down from my shoulders and simultaneously released her transformation.

	After a moment of light, her original form, a black-haired, red-eyed girl, crossed her arms with a proud expression.

	“Good day, hero of another world. I am Nea, a mixed breed of vampire and necromancer. I am the familiar of this monster named Healing Magician—–“

	“Dojikko (clumsy girl).”

	“Clumsy…… who are you calling clumsy!”

	Nea was about to introduce herself with the mysterious atmosphere of some mastermind, but those words from Amako made that atmosphere fragile.

	Amako turns away from the angry Nea.

	“I was annoyed that you were acting. That’s all.”

	“This, this……! Don’t you dare interrupt my brilliant self-introduction! You little fox!”

	“Chibi? Did you just call me little?”

	“Hey, hey, hey! Don’t go starting a fight now”

	I grabbed Nea and Amako by their collars to stop them from fighting, leaving senpai and Kurumia-san behind.

	“Let go of me, Usato! Today is the day I’m going to make this little fox see who’s better!”

	“I’ll shave off that useless height and chest!”

	A sigh escaped me as the two of them wowed and fussed while grabbing me by the collar.

	I feel like we’ve become even more quarrelsome since we left Hinomoto. That’s why we’ve become closer, though.

	“Huh, I wonder why you guys fight over the slightest thing.”

	“Well, well, I’m sure Amako-dono and Nea aren’t really angry either. Anyway, Usato-dono. Suzune-sama is……”

	“Yes?”

	Prompted by Arc-san’s troubled look, I look at senpai

	“Usato-kun, am I still a useless hero? I’ve never had a good encounter with a demon, and the demons I’ve encountered have all been rather bleak. Kuuuuuu… Not only is she an owl but also your familiar who’s half vampire and necromancer. What’s more she’s a black-haired red-eyed girl, and also a dojikko??…… Fufufu, Is Usato-kun the only one transported to such a fancy fantasy world………”

	I was already feeling like I was going to fall into darkness with just one more push.

	Instantly confirming the situation, I called out to Nea.

	“Nea, be an owl.”

	“Haaah!!!! I’ll take care of this little fox right now.”

	“You’ll be an owl, won’t you?”

	“Yes! I’ll be an owl right now!”

	I asked with a smile, and Nea, her face turning blue, transformed into an owl again.

	After confirming this, I immediately grabbed Nea and put her in the hands of senpai who had empty eyes.

	“Senpai. You can do whatever you want with this one.”

	“Huh?”

	“Really?

	Wow, what a smile.

	Senpai showed a smile that made anyone fall in love with her all over again, and Nea who showed an expression of despair.

	And while I’m at it, I’ll get back at Nea for her sometime now.

	“This girl, she also has kemomimi attribute.”

	“Fuaaaa……! How many attributes do you have to add? I can forgive just about anything! Woo-woo!”

	“Hey,wait…… help…… Usa……”

	Nea lets out a squeal of anguish as senpai rubs her cheek.

	I never forget the humiliation I’ve received at any time,…… almost always!

	And when I can, I’ll always return it…… only to those I can return it to!

	“Usato is the type of person who is very persistent. He’s a bit insidious in his ways.”

	“I’ll offer you to senpai next.”

	“You’re a real human being, aren’t you? Yeah.”

	I’m amazed at how quickly you’ve changed.

	You know why she refuses when she sees Nea being played with like that?

	Well, it’s that…… –.

	“Nea, I want you to be my sacrifice to senpai. I’ll make it up to you later.”

	“Oh, you’re so cute I want to eat you already!”

	“Hiiii!”

	I clasped my hands together inwardly, and could only watch the scene of senpai squirming Nea.





Chapter 147

	It seems that Nea’s existence was much bigger than I had thought for senpai.

	I had thought that she would be confused, but I didn’t expect her to be that distraught, but thanks to my quick thinking and Nea’s dedication, I was able to bring the situation under control.

	“This woman…… how dare you play with me so much……! Sniff, I will definitely get my revenge for sure……!”

	Nea, who has escaped from senpai’s clutches in human form, hides behind me, wiping her eyes and saying such bitter things.

	On the other hand, senpai is wringing her hands and nipping at me.

	“Come ‘ere~ Don’t be afraid…… I’m not scary, come here……!”

	“Don’t talk in your sleep! There’s something evil about you!”

	How can a hero be called evil?……

	Well, from my point of view, senpai now is just a weirdo.

	“Usato-kun. Give Nea-chan………”

	“No, even that’s a little too—–“

	“Never! Even if you’re both weirdos, I’d rather have Usato! Please don’t abandon me, Usato!”

	I don’t agree with being treated like a freak.

	But when I saw Nea having her first infantile regression in a while, I realized that I had gone a little too far.

	Rather than that, isn’t senpai’s love for demons too great to push Nea this far?

	“Ha?! That’s too bad!! In the first place, the contract between me and Usato is a very special one, so it won’t be easy to break! We’re under a contract until he dies!”

	When I hear it again, “contract until death”, it sounds really bad, doesn’t it?

	In reality, it’s no different than a normal familiar contract.

	“……Wait? A lifetime with…… Usato-kun?”

	“Ah, there’s a bit of a situation…… about this. Well, anyway, please calm down, senpai. Senpai right now is a bit of a pervert, to say the least.”

	“P-Pervert you say!?”

	I guess I was too blunt, but senpai was flustered as her cheeks turned red.

	Then, as if to push her over the edge, Kurumia-san put her hand on senpai’s shoulder.

	“Suzune-san. If you are persistent, you will be disliked.I’m also curious about the situation, but it’s not something we need to pursue right now. Usato-sama, Arc-kun, let’s discuss our future plans for now.”

	“Ah, yes.”

	“I understand.”

	Nodding one to both mine and Arc-san’s replies, Kurumia-san pulled senpai’s hand and walked towards the knights who were waiting some distance away.

	Leona-san, who looked at the back of senpai, opened her mouth with a somewhat awkward expression.

	“Like the wind, it comes and goes?”

	“She’s actually a kind person, you know? It’s just a shame that she’s a bit of a disappointment in some places.”

	“She’s your friend. I have no doubt that she is a good person. In fact, I’m relieved that she’s so human.”

	“What do you mean by that……?”

	Did you think senpai has no feelings?

	……No. I can’t imagine it at all. She’s too much to be one!

	“To be honest, she was not at all the hero I imagined her to be. I was imagining someone more like this…… person who doesn’t have any weaknesses as a human being.”

	“Haha, that’s the furthest thing from what she is.”

	Maybe senpai in the past would be close to that.

	A perfect person who everyone admires, who can do everything, and who has no flaws whatsoever.

	If she had not been summoned to this world and reality had continued as it was,……, she would have continued to live her daily life with her true self pushed aside.

	……What would have happened to us if we had not been summoned to the Lingle Kingdom and had been able to return home without incident?

	The first thing that would have happened would have been that I would have been attacked by my classmates.

	Would I have made friends with Kazuki?

	He was in the same class as me, and although we were awkward at first, we would have been able to talk to each other normally in class.

	So what about senpai?

	“……”

	“Usato?”

	“Huh, I’m sorry. I was in a bit of a daze.”

	There’s no point in thinking about what ifs.

	What I’m thinking about now is not “what if”, but “now”.

	After taking a glance at the place where senpai walked off to, I try to consult with Arc-san and Leona-san about the future.

	“Arc-san. It’s fine that we were able to meet up with senpai, but do you want to get off the ship like this?”

	“It’s roughly…… a day from here to Lingle Kingdom, so it should be fine if we get off the ship now. Do you mind if we do that, Leona-dono? I’m afraid you’re going to have to finish your escort duties halfway……”

	Leona-san shook her head at Arc-san’s words.

	“Don’t worry about it. As long as you guys return to the Lingle Kingdom safely, that’s all that matters. I’m sure the captain will be satisfied with that.”

	It might be rude to think this way about a woman, but she’s so manly.

	Anyway, we have to bring back the luggage, Bluerin and the horses that we left on the ship. At that time, we should say thank you and goodbye to the captain.

	After deciding what to do for now, we left to discuss with senpai.

	After packing up our luggage on the boat and waking up the sleeping Bluerin, we made our way to the riverbank and after greeting the captain and his crew, we got off the boat.

	“Thank you for getting us here, Leona-san.”

	“We’re the ones to thank. I haven’t been able to relax my shoulders for a while now. I’m glad I followed Falga-sama and Norn-sama’s words.”

	When Leona-san came to see me off, I thought of Falga-sama’s image.

	I could understand Norn-sama, but it was a bit surprising that Falga-sama ordered it as well.

	“Falga-sama asked for this escort too?”

	“He told me I was being too hard on myself.”

	……Maybe Falga-sama and Norn-sama gave the order for the escort because they wanted Leona-san to rest. She would be forced to work for the reconstruction of the city.

	“This was my first time traveling like this. Until now, I’ve only been on missions, like going on expeditions with my fellow knights.”

	“Was this trip different in any way?”

	“Yes. The short trip I took with all of you was…… difficult to describe, but it was noisy, lively, and very…… fun.”

	After saying these words, Leona-san, who had been meditating for a few seconds, looked a little bitter.

	“Perhaps the next time we meet again will be in a battle. Still, I’ll be with you and…… you guys again……”

	Perhaps she was referring to the battle against the Demon King’s army.

	Certainly, the next time we meet, it could be in the middle of such a situation.

	I smiled at Leona-san, who had stammered.

	“I’m also looking forward to the day when I can meet you again, Leona-san.”

	“—-!……… aaaah yes!”

	After a bit of surprise, Leona-san finally smiled at me.

	Shortly after that, Amako, Nea, Arc-san, and also Bluerin said their farewells to Leona-san.

	“See you later, Leona-san. But don’t drink too much, okay?”

	“Don’t be reckless like what you did before~”

	“I’m looking forward to seeing you again, Leona-dono.”

	“Guaa.”

	“Yes, thank you so much. It was really good to meet you guys.”

	Leona-san was seen off by us and went up to the ship.

	But for some reason, she stopped in the middle of it.

	“Uh, Usato.”

	“Yes?”

	Without looking back at me, Leona-san called my name.

	I wondered what was wrong. Did she forget to say something?

	As I tilted my head, she said in a slightly raised voice.

	“I think I’m going to make an effort…… to be worthy of being a hero for you.”

	“!”

	“So, then!” (TL Note: My kokkoro!)

	Leona-san said and took a short run to the ship.

	What you just said is a reply…… to what I said to Leona-san when we left Mia Rak, right? What can I say, there’s something embarrassing about it when you do the same thing to me.

	“……I have to work hard, too.”

	But I’m glad Leona-san got the message.

	If it was my mistake, I would have been so embarrassed.

	As I sit on the boat, waving back to Leona-san and the crew, I feel a slight shock on my cheek and hip.

	“……Hmm? What’s up? Nea, Amako.”

	“Usato, didn’t you lose your sensitivity to humanity in the rescue squad?”

	“Or did they correct you so that all you can think about is your training? With that in mind, it makes sense that my charms don’t work either.”

	“What is it, guys? Did I do something wrong?”

	The goggle-eyed owl and the little fox gave me an unwarranted accusation.

	I can’t deny that I’ve changed when joining the rescue squad. If they said that Rose had corrected my character, I would easily believe them.

	“Aaaaahhhh, she’s done it, hasn’t she? Suzune-san.”

	“Wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-what should I do, Kurumia? I can’t believe this happened while Usato-kun was out of sight……!”

	“Hmm?”

	When I turned my attention from the ship to the direction where senpai was, I saw senpai and Kurumia-san looking at me with a somewhat shaken look while whispering in conversation.

	What’s going on? Is senpai going to go out of control again?

	Putting her hand over her mouth in a panic, senpai let out a voice that made me tremble more than ever.

	“M-My dependable heroic trait will be taken away!!!!!!!!!!!”

	“……huh?”

	I couldn’t understand the meaning of her outlandish statement, so I could only reply with such a foolish reply.

	Your hero trait? You’re worried about your character being covered? I don’t think you need to worry about that because senpai is a proper hero.

	I’m going back to the Lingle Kingdom with her now, but I wonder if she’ll be okay.

	With senpai and her guard, we walked under the sky that was turning madder red.

	They mainly travel by horse, but now they are getting off their horses to walk with us, and I feel a little sorry for them, but I look sideways at senpai who is pulling the horse.

	……I never thought I’d be able to meet up with senpai, so it’s kind of a strange feeling.

	“Mm, Usato-kun. Have you been wondering about this guy?”

	“Eh?”

	Noticing my gaze, senpai happily patted the horse’s mane.

	“This boy is called Sanho-kun, the Thunder Horse.”

	“Heh, that’s a nice name. What can I say, he’s very charming.”

	“I know right! I was sure Usato-kun would understand!”

	You seem quite happy.

	I just said what I thought was normal.

	“Hey, Kurumia-san. Could it be that Suzune is also from……?”

	“Also, does that mean Usato-sama? Eh, that’s unexpected.”

	Amako and Kurumia-san are whispering behind me, but I can’t hear them.

	Guess I’ll let it pass.

	I guess senpai didn’t hear them because she happily introduced me to Sanho-kun.

	“We’ve been together since Lukvis, you know. It’s not an exaggeration to say that we’ve shared a lot of pain and suffering together.”

	“Indeed, he seems to adore senpai very much”

	Sanho-kun’s eyes narrowed pleasantly as senpai stroked his mane.

	This might be the first time I see a non-human creature that doesn’t reject senpai.

	“Ah, Usato-kun, how did you and Nea-chan meet?”

	“……me and Nea?”

	I’m not sure how to answer this abrupt question because my encounter with Nea was, in a way, one of the worst.

	After all, Nea had tried to trap us by disguising herself as a village girl to catch us. In the end, she revived a wicked dragon and caused a catastrophe beyond the level of annoyance.

	If you look at Nea who is casually standing on my shoulder, she is absent-mindedly sighing and doesn’t seem to be bothered.

	“Nea, can I talk about it?”

	“Fua…… I don’t mind. It’s not like I’m going to go out of my way to hide it……”

	……It’s fine if she’s allowing it.

	I call out to senpai who is looking at Nea rubbing her eyes with her wings looking sleepy.

	“It’s going to be a bit long, but do you want to hear it?”

	“I don’t mind. The longer the better.”

	“Well then,…… it begins a little after we departed from Lukvis—–“

	I’m going to start after we leave Lukvis.

	After rescuing a village girl from a zombie attack, we were invited to the village, and after some twists and turns, we ended up defeating the necromancer that was putting the village in danger.

	We were invited to the village, and after some twists and turns, we ended up defeating the Necromancer that was endangering the village. Necromancer! and “Necromancer!”, but they listened to me with excitement.

	However, when Nea’s true identity was revealed and the manipulated Mr. Arc was stopped, his expression changed to one of confusion.

	“W-W-Wicked Dragon? A- Ah– Ah, ah, jaryun? That does sound delicious.”

	I couldn’t help but smile at senpai as she joked with me while moving her eyes impatiently.

	Even at a time like this, she never forgets to make a joke.

	You’re a good listener, senpai.

	“It’s a wicked dragon. It was very difficult at that time…… If we made one mistake, many people’s lives might have been in danger. I managed to defeat it, but it was absolutely impossible for me to do it alone.”

	“Well, that’s good to hear…… But how did you defeat it?”

	“We, all of us, worked together to destroy the heart of the dragon. Well, to be precise, we just pulled out the previous hero’s sword that was stuck in the dragon’s heart.”

	“Yuushano Katanaa?”

	Why the one word.

	Oh, that’s right, I’ll explain about the gauntlet while I’m at it.

	If I explain this one, I can save myself the trouble of explaining about the hero’s weapon that Falga-sama makes.

	“In that one case, I recovered the sword of the previous generation of heroes, and in Mia Rak, it was reborn as my special armor.”

	I rolled up my sleeves and unfolded the silver gauntlet.

	It’s not as good as Kanoko’s, but I don’t forget to look smug.

	Senpai’s expression froze as she saw my elbow and beyond covered in silver with a kashan sound.

	“This is the gauntlet that I got in Miarak, and I had it remade by Falg-…… renowned craftsman–“

	“Hold on. Please, wait.”

	Senpai stopped and grabbed both of my shoulders intensely.

	I guess she was that surprised, because if I looked around, I saw that Kurumia-san and the knights guarding me were also looking at me with nervous faces.

	“E- Eeeeh, which means that, you fought against the existence of the wicked dragon and got the sword of the previous generation of heroes, which you obtained at the end of the fight, and had it made into your own special……, is that correct?”

	“Yes, that’s right.”

	“What’s the matter with you, you fought a wicked dragon? No, I’ll leave it at that, but that gauntlet! It’s so cool!”

	She pointed to the gauntlet on my right arm.

	Her eyes seemed to be moistening.

	“I’ve been looking for your gauntlet on the way here, but I’m surprised you already have it on you. Does it automatically equip you?!?!”

	“……Uh, excuse me?”

	“Don’t apologize! You’re making me even more miserable!

	What should I do? I’m getting more responses than I expected, and I’m confused.

	I have to follow up on this at……

	“Well, even so, there are almost no special abilities in this. If I had to pick one, it would be an unbreakable gauntlet that is impervious to any phenomenon. All that’s left is to assist in manipulating magic power.”

	“That’s enough! The only thing I’ve gained on this trip is the ability to deal with ferocious demons…… It’s not much at all compared to yoouuuuu……”

	Finally, she turned her head and became depressed.

	This is not good, so I called my friends for help, but Nea was asleep before I knew it.

	Amako, perhaps bored and expressionless, grabbed the strap of her luggage and twirled it around.

	The last person to ask for help, Arc-san, is watching over us with a smile on his face.

	Arc-san, do you want me to pacify senpai by myself? Alright, I’ll do it.

	“I’m sure you’ve experienced a lot of battles. How can it be that senpai had no big deal when you dealt with such a dangerous monster, the incarnation of thunder that eats people?”

	“But, but……”

	“Please have confidence in yourself! I’m sure you’ll be happy to know that you’ve been able to protect many people from such dangerous demons and finish the mission successfully!”

	“……Yeah.”

	Okay, let’s just keep the momentum going and push it through.

	Senpai finally regained her composure and looked up, but she immediately noticed something and tilted her head.

	“Wait a minute, how come Usato-kun knows about that thunder beast? Even though I only let the Lingle Kingdom know that it’s a lightning monster,……?”

	“!”

	As shit……!

	I have to keep Falga-sama’s existence a secret as much as possible. The existence of Falga-sama was a secret, even in Mia Rak, except for the Queen, Norn-sama, and her relations.

	There’s no way I can simply say something about an existing divine dragon.

	I have to deceive her somehow.

	“It’s natural that I’m also worried about you and Kazuki, so I should at least know the recent situation of my precious best friend.”

	“……So, is that so? So you were worried about me. Ehehe……”

	I’m worried that this girl might get cheated one day.

	What she said was true and genuine, but I didn’t expect her to fall for it so easily……

	“Actually, I was going to tell you about this after we reach Lingle Kingdom first…… Senpai.”

	“Hehe…… eh, what is it, Usato-kun?”

	Is what I just said supposed to make you that happy?

	What I said was true and untrue, but I didn’t expect to be caught so easily……

	“For senpai and Kazuki, the same…… armor as mine, or even better, will be made.”

	“……What is it?……”

	“Yes, the armor of the previous generation of heroes. It’s the same one.”

	“……”

	She was so shocked that she was speechless and her shoulders were shaking.

	You don’t need to explain to understand that it’s not sadness, but a tremor of joy.

	“I’ll report the details of what happened in front of Lloyd-sama. For now, I’ll just tell you that the armor will be made for senpai and Kazuki as a hero…… Are you listening?”

	I was worried about her shivering and not responding, so I was about to approach her when she looked up at me with a bang.

	“Usato-kun! You’re my———–“

	“Oh, Suzune, look out!”

	“——-lik-goooo?!!”

	“S-senpai!”

	Amako’s luggage flew from the side and hit senpai’s head as she tried to open her arms.

	I hurriedly supported senpai, who collapsed with an unladylike voice, and questioned Amako who sent the luggage flying.

	“What’s wrong with you suddenly, Amako?”

	“I’m sorry. I was playing with it and it flew away…… But there were only clothes in my luggage……”

	“You’re apologizing to the wrong person…… Here, you should apologize to senpai.”

	“Yeah.”

	Amako approached senpai with an apologetic expression.

	Perhaps the impact wasn’t too great, but senpai immediately got up and made eye contact with Amako.

	Amako moved so that her back was to me and bowed her head.

	“I’m sorry……”

	“It’s okay. I was just a little startled, that’s all. But it’s dangerous to throw things around like that, okay? Don’t do it again, okay?”

	“Yeah, okay. But, you know,……”

	Amako looked up at her as if staring at her from below.

	“Suzune is in the wrong as well, okay? You can’t just do something like that on the spur of the moment?”

	Senpai’s expression twitched as she met her gaze.

	What do you mean by that? Did senpai do something to Amako?

	The silence that had reigned in the room began to change when Amako, who had reclaimed her luggage, suggested that they start walking.

	In the end, when I asked Amako and senpai about what had just happened, they were just dumbfounded and didn’t give me an answer. But when I heard about it, I was struck by the smiling face of Amako and the pale face of senpai.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	“Yushano↓, Katanaa↑?”

	The pronunciation is roughly like this.





Chapter 148

	A day has passed since I met up with Inugami-senpai and we shared the journey home.

	As I expected, the trip with senpai was more lively than usual. Nea and Amako, who were being tangled up with the strangely excited senpai, looked tired, but on the other hand, Bluerin was able to ward off the evil hand of the senpai. But on the other hand, Bulin is showing the same steel plate strength as ever, repelling senpai’s evil hand.

	Finally, after a long journey, we finally made it back to the place where it all began for us, Lingle Kingdom.

	“We’re finally back.”

	“Yeah.”

	I muttered, feeling deeply moved as I stood in front of the gates of Lingle Kingdom.

	When Arc-san calls out to the gatekeeper to open the castle, the nostalgic scenery comes into view.

	……There’s a place I really want to head to first, but we’ll get to that later.

	“Shall we head to the castle first? I’ve got a lot to report.”

	“……Usato-kun, there’s nothing you haven’t told me yet, right?”

	“……”

	“Usato-kun?”

	“Ahh uhhh that is, if I were to tell you about it, I’m sure you’ll faint……”

	As a matter of fact, the only thing I told her about what happened in the beastman country was that I was able to wake up Kanoko-san safely.

	I’ve learned the hard way what kind of reaction I’ll get if I tell the truth.

	“No, no, no, I’m already used to it when you talk about the wicked dragon!…… D-Don’t tell me you have a story that can one up that……”

	“There’s no comparison…… Well, I’ll tell you about it when I report to Lloyd-sama.”

	While replying softly to senpai who held up her hand as if preparing herself, I shifted my gaze to the scenery of Lingle Kingdom that I hadn’t seen in a while.

	“Wow, so this is Lingle Kingdom? It’s a beautiful place.”

	Nea muttered to herself as she was looking around the city in human form.

	Come to think of it, this girl doesn’t know this place because she became one of us during our journey.

	“This is going to be your home for a while.”

	“Well, it doesn’t sound like a bad place to live…… But I can feel some eyes staring at us.”

	One of the country’s hero had returned, so it was only natural that she would attract attention.

	I’m not sure if I can say it myself, but I’m a member of the rescue squad myself.

	As I walked down the street leading to the castle, waving back at the people who were happy to see us back, Amako, who was walking next to me, suddenly stopped in her tracks.

	When I followed her gaze, I saw Sarla-san, the woman who had lived with Amako in the Kingdom of Lingle, with a surprised expression on her face.

	“……Usato.”

	“Go ahead. We’ll be fine on our own the rest of the way.”

	“Yeah!”

	Amako nodded happily and ran to Sarla-san’s side.

	After seeing her off, I turned to face forward, once again relieved to have completed my journey safely.

	Before entering the castle, we left Bluerin in the hands of the guards and went to the hall where Lloyd-sama was waiting for us.

	In the hall, Lloyd-sama was sitting on his throne, and Sergio-san was standing beside him.

	I also found Welshy-san and Sigurdsson-san.

	In terms of time, our time apart was brief, but it felt like it had been a very long time since we had seen each other.

	“Suzune, Usato. I’m glad you made it back safely. The knights who served as your escorts also did their best.”

	“”Yes!””

	I bowed my head while kneeling down.

	Looking at Nea from the side, she is bowing her head quietly.

	This girl could have been rude and caused a scene, so I was really relieved that she could read the air at times like this.

	“Keep your head up. I’ve heard about your successes in…… Hoot Bird and by the reports and letters of intent from other countries. You’ve really…… done a great job.”

	I raised my face in accordance with Lloyd-sama who said so in a gentle tone of voice.

	“……You must be tired from your long journey, right? You can report back later, Kazuki and Celia are looking forward to seeing you again.”

	“——! Kazuki has already returned?”

	“Yes, about five days ago. He was very worried about you guys.”

	Thank goodness…… Kazuki had returned safely too.

	I really wanted to follow Lloyd-sama’s words and go get some rest, but I had something I needed to report right away.

	“Lloyd-sama, I have something important to report.”

	“What is it, Usato?”

	As Lloyd-sama and the others looked at me quizzically, once I had organized what I was going to say, I expressed words slowly.

	“What I’m about to tell you is also a major secret of the floating city of Mia Rak.”

	“Mia Rak’s secrets, huh. I’m sorry, but the knights will have to leave this place for a while.”

	The knights, including Nea and Arc-san, left the room.

	Only a few vassals, Welshie-san, Signis-san, and Inugami-senpai remained.

	In the quiet hall, senpai speaks to me in a hushed voice.

	“Usato-kun, by talking, do you mean the hero’s weapon?”

	“I’ll apologize while I’m at it.”

	“Hmm?”

	“There’s something I haven’t told senpai yet.”

	With that, I turned to Lloyd-sama.

	After confirming that everyone has left, Lloyd-sama urged me to talk to him.

	“Then, please, Usato.”

	“Yes, Lloyd-san, are you aware of the events that took place in Mia Rak?”

	“Of course. You said that a knight of Mia Rak turned into a dragon and went on a rampage, right?”

	“Yes. During that event, I had an encounter with a being.”

	I cut off his words and took a small deep breath.

	Even though I can’t help but explain about the hero’s weapon, I’m nervous to talk about him.

	“Shinryu Falga-sama. He is the dragon that controls ‘peace’ and ‘harmony’ that is said to have created the armor of the previous generation of heroes.”

	“Hmph?”

	What was that voice that almost spewed out just before he started to salivate?

	No, for the sake of senpai’s honor, let’s not look next to him right now.

	As I was distracted from my neighbor, Welsey-san spoke to me, her voice trembling.

	“Sh-Shinryu! So Shenlong is real!”

	“Yes. He is quite old, but he does indeed exist. We have…… proof.”

	With that, I rolled up my right sleeve and unfolded the gauntlet created from the swords of the previous generation of heroes.

	“This is a gauntlet that was remade by Falga-sama, based on the previous hero’s sword that I obtained on my journey.”

	“……Usato-san. May I see it for a moment?”

	I show the gauntlet to Welshie-san.

	After a few dozen seconds of carefully observing the gauntlet, she rolled her eyes in astonishment.

	“……Can we say that this is a magical tool? At the very least, it’s not something a human could create. It’s as if the metal itself became one with the arm and…… would be impossible to even imitate with existing technology.”

	The people in the hall buzzed at Welshie-san’s reaction.

	In the midst of this, Lloyd-sama, who had been silently observing the situation, opened his mouth.

	“Usato. I’ll take your word for it.”

	“Thank you…… Falga-sama is going to make a special hero warrior’s armor for this generation’s heroes, Senpai and Kazuki, for the coming battle against the Demon King.”

	“……Oh my. That is, however,……”

	“It seems that Falga-sama thinks that the Demon King is that powerful.”

	Lloyd-sama put his hand on his chin, lost in thought.

	“I had no idea that a being like the one in the story…… was still alive…… At my age, I’m still amazed. Thank you, Usato. I know it’s been hard for you.”

	“I’ve just been doing what I wanted to do, in a way………”

	It’s been tough, for sure, but almost everything I’ve done has been either by sticking my neck out or by getting involved and sticking my neck out.

	That’s why I’ve never regretted anything in my journey so far.

	At my words, Lloyd-sama pressed a hand to his forehead.

	“……I heard in the report received by Hoot Bird the other day that you also had a battle with the two legion leaders of the Demon King’s army in the Land of Beasts. The text sent by Lucas of Samaria stated that you had broken the terrible curse that had consumed the royal family and saved his daughter……”

	“What do you mean, Usato-kun?”

	Lloyd-sama’s expression frowns in regret, while senpai looks at me like a machine that has run out of oil.

	I listened to Lloyd-sama’s words while avoiding eye contact with senpai.

	“Both Suzune and Kazuki have had a dangerous journey, fighting powerful monsters. I can’t thank you guys enough for fulfilling your mission and returning to the kingdom…”
