	“Do you mind if I join the rescue squad next time?”

	“I don’t mind, but…… I don’t think there’s anything particularly interesting? It’s just me and the other members training.”

	“If Usato’s there, I’m fine.”

	I couldn’t see her expression with her hood up, but I knew she was saying that with embarrassment.

	What can I say, this is what I mean when I say it warms my heart.

	“……”

	“……”

	“……Do we need to talk about this now?”

	Nea raised her voice, as if she couldn’t stand the silence for more than ten seconds.

	Amako glared at Nea with a frown.

	“Nea, why don’t you just give up?”

	“You can say that because it’s someone else’s problem, but from my point of view, it’s a matter of life and death……!”

	It seems that she hates being trained as a rescue squad so much.

	I don’t want to make the training that hard, but how can I convince her?

	Leaving it up to Rose is too much……, but it’s more like throwing a small animal (Nea) into a territory ruled by a lioness.

	“Oh, Usato.”

	“Geh……”

	“Huh?”

	I turn around at the sound of a voice coming from behind me.

	Kazuki, who had changed into something more comfortable to move around in, and Flana-san, the elf girl I met the other day, were walking side by side.

	When Kazuki spotted me, he ran over to me, waving his hand happily.

	“Usato, what are you doing here today?”

	“To report on my trip. Are Kazuki and Flana-san training now?”

	“Yeah, I figured I’d better train as hard as Usato. Right, Flana!”

	“T-That’s right……”

	He’s still a relaxing best friend.

	But when I see him training, it makes me feel like I can’t lose too.

	……Hmm? Speaking of which,……

	“Hmm? Where’s senpai?”

	“Oh, that’s right,…… She went to the Rescue squad to see Usato……”

	“I guess we got mixed up……”

	Is she looking for me because of something?

	Well, if it’s senpai, she might come to see me even if there’s nothing going on, but I’ve done something wrong.

	I should have told her beforehand if I was going to be in the wrong place.

	“Usato, what are you going to do after this?”

	“Eh? Well, I was thinking of going back to the rescue squad and training as usual……”

	“Then why don’t you join us?”

	I was surprised by Kazuki’s unexpected offer.

	Kazuki scratched his cheek in embarrassment at my reaction.

	“No, when I think back. We’ve never done any training together. Usato lives far away from the castle, so we don’t get many opportunities, and I thought now would be a good time.”

	“Okay, let’s do it.”

	I said that before thinking about it, but I had no regrets.

	Rather, I haven’t stopped being human enough to turn this down……!

	No, even if I were to stop being human, I would still give my approval……!

	Senpai? I’m sure she’ll be back someday.

	“What about you two?”

	I asked the two next to me, Amako and Nea, who both seemed to be coming with me.

	Aside from Amako, Nea seems to want to know Kazuki’s power as a hero.

	“Hehe, let’s go to the training grounds right away then! Hurry up, Flana!”

	“Oh, wait a minute, Kazuki!”

	Flana-san followed Kazuki as he happily headed outside.

	I’ve seen him train before, but this is the first time we’re training together. I would also get to see how much Kazuki’s powers have grown over the course of the trip.

	“But hey,……”

	It bothered me a little…… or a lot that Flana-san’s expression twitched slightly when she agreed to participate in the training.

	I’m not sure what made her look that way, but I have no idea.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Alfie is the character that appeared in chapter 44, right?

	Next time, Flana’s common sense will be put to the test again……!





Chapter 154

	After reporting on our trip, we had moved to the training grounds in the castle grounds to train with Kazuki and Flana.

	When I went to the training grounds with Amako, Nea, Kazuki and Flana, fortunately there were no people there.

	It must be the time of day when the other knights are not training. It was quite convenient to be able to train in a spacious area without worrying about the surroundings.

	“What kind of training do you always do, Kazuki?”

	“Strength training, sword swinging, and basic magic training, I guess.”

	I asked Kazuki, who was doing the preparatory exercises with me, and in a way I got an unexpected answer.

	I was a little surprised at how solid the training was.

	“According to Welshy, training the basics is the best way to go! Is what he suggested.”

	“The basics of magic, huh……”

	I’ve learned healing magic almost entirely by gut feeling, so I don’t really understand the basics of magic.

	……Through today’s training with Kazuki, I might be able to get something out of it.

	“What kind of training does Usato do?”

	“Huh? I uhh…… just run and do strength training.”

	“Amako, you heard what they just said.”

	“Yeah. They’re almost completely different.”

	You’re making me nervous, you little animals back there.

	I glare at Amako and Nea, who are sitting in the field under the shade of a tree.

	“I see, so we’re the same! No, you’re Usato, so you’re training even harder than I am!”

	“I-I guess so……”

	I’m kind of embarrassed.

	Oi! The ones behind! I can hear you! I don’t think Kazuki is brainwashed!

	As I was silently letting the pressure fly behind me so that Kazuki wouldn’t notice, Kazuki was calling out to Flana-san next to him.

	“Flana, what’s wrong with you?”

	“Haeee! No, I’m fine.”

	“……Really? If you’re not feeling well, ask Usato to–“

	“See I’m fine! I’m so energetic I can run for miles right now!?”

	“Oh, is it?”

	Kazuki was surprised to see Flana-san look up and start stomping her feet with a big smile on her face.

	However, after laughing at her, who immediately blushed and turned over at her statement, Kazuki spoke to me in a hushed voice.

	“She’s only known Usato for a short time, so maybe she’s having trouble with distance.”

	“Huh?”

	“Because she didn’t know the outside world, in a good way or a bad way. I think she’s afraid of what she doesn’t know.”

	In other words, Flana-san has a kind of fear of me?

	I’m a little shocked, but considering how she reacted when I first met her, I have an idea.

	“Well then, what should I do?……”

	“You can just act as you usually do. Even if you mend it strangely, she’ll just misunderstand you. That’s something…… I don’t like either.”

	I smile shyly at Kazuki, and suppress a pang of embarrassment.

	Lately, I’ve had so many times where I’ve been rejected or not even treated like a human being, that this kind of exchange feels new to me.

	While I was inwardly happy, Kazuki had finished his preparatory exercises and called out to me.

	“Well, now that we’ve finished our prep work, I’d like to start training, but what do you say, Usato? I’m sorry to ask you to fit in my training regime……”

	“How about some magic training? I have some thoughts about my own magic.”

	I’ve only been thinking about combat-oriented techniques since the battle with Koga, haven’t I?

	This is the place to go back to the drawing board…… No I can’t. It would take me back to the days when I was in training hell, where I had to keep healing myself.

	It is also possible to face my own healing magic again, as if searching for a new world.

	“Magic. Would you be okay with that, Flana?”

	“I’m fine with it.”

	Kazuki got Flana’s approval and stepped into the training area.

	I follow him and move to a large area where we can practice magic.

	In the training area, there are targets for practicing magic and bow and arrow shooting, and it’s a moderately large area, so it looks like we can use magic to our heart’s content.

	“First, let’s show each of us our magic. We can’t train if we don’t know each other’s magic.”

	“I guess that’s true too. Well then, I’ll show you my magic first.”

	Nodding at Flana-san’s words, Kazuki moves about ten meters away from me.

	“……Okay, let’s do this.”

	Taking a slow, deep breath, Kazuki flooded his hands with glowing white magic.

	The magic power, shining as faintly as fireflies, gradually formed into magic bullets about the size of a dozen ping-pong balls, floating fluently above his hands.

	Without looking at his hands, Kazuki looked up at the sky and launched the magic bullets in his palms all at once.

	The launched magic bullets lined up in the air in circular and star shapes, each one moving like a different creature to form various shapes.

	“……”

	What’s great about this is that Kazuki, looking up at the sky, looks like he’s literally doing nothing.

	He is just gazing up at the sky, his hands are down, and his shoulders are relaxed.

	He was manipulating a dozen or so magic bullets as if they were his own limbs, as if this was a natural process.

	As I watched in fascination, Nea, who had transformed into an owl, jumped onto my shoulder.

	“After all, heroes have extraordinary strength, don’t they? I knew at first glance that you were different from normal people, but…… this is really not human work.”

	“Is that what it looks like to you?”

	“Yes, he’s a monster in a different way than you.”

	I, for one, will not allow you to treat Kazuki as a monster.

	As I was protesting this to Nea on my shoulder, Flana-san was talking to Kazuki.

	“You’re as beautiful as ever, aren’t you? I mean, Kazuki’s magic.”

	“Hmm? Really? From my point of view, it’s just dangerous magic.”

	Kazuki replies to Flana-san.

	He kept his gaze fixed in the air, but the movement of the magic bullets did not disturb him at all even when he was talking normally.

	This isn’t about concentration or anything like that anymore.

	When I was just admiring him, Kazuki came up to me with a huffy expression on his face. The expression on his face seemed to be somewhat tense.

	“H-How was it? My magic.”

	“Oh my gosh, I can’t find any words other than awesome. How do you…… do it like that! How can you control your magic so naturally?”

	I found myself getting uncharacteristically excited.

	With a reply like that, Kazuki held his head in embarrassment and brought the magic bullet that kept moving above his head back to him.

	“What I’m conscious of when I handle magic is to be natural.”

	“Being natural?”

	“Yeah. I don’t want to ‘manipulate’ the magic, I want to move it like a limb.”

	With that, he combined the multiple magic bullets in his palm to form an elaborate sword.

	“Welshy called this technology a ‘new form of magic. It’s not that big of a deal, though…… Hahaha.”

	If system enhancing is the secret of magic, then Kazuki’s is probably a form of magic that has been mastered.

	He is a hero, and he has acquired this skill by working hard on the basics.

	………Awesome, that’s so cool.

	“What else can this technique do?”

	“You can put it on a sword to strengthen it, or surround an enemy and launch it…… You can do a lot of things with it.”

	“Not many, but anything, right? I still remember the one where you turned the cronies of a ravenous monster into charcoal in an instant in a fit of rage. Well, I got a bunch of scars on my arms from it……”

	“Hey, don’t say that in front of Usato! I wasn’t really supposed to use it in such a dangerous way!”

	If he wanted to, he could do some pretty nasty things.

	But did Kazuki attack in anger? There doesn’t seem to be any scars left on his arm where he says he was injured, but…… it must have been a pretty tough situation.

	“What did Kazuki do at that time, Flana-san?”

	“He clothed his left arm in light magic and unleashed it just like that. It was different from Kazuki’s usual magic, but it was really shining, wasn’t it?”

	Releasing magic power.

	It is not strange in itself, but the problem is that Kazuki’s light magic damaged himself, the user.

	One possible answer is……

	“Kazuki, did you use system enhancement?”

	“Oh, uh…… yeah, I did. I was still practicing, but it was a dangerous situation if I didn’t use it……”

	“No, I’m not mad at you. I’m the one who’s in danger when it comes to system enhancing. From the looks of it, you didn’t even leave a scratch on your arm, so I’m relieved.”

	“Usato……”

	I’m not in a position to say anything about system enhancement.

	In fact, I’m sure they should be angry at me instead.

	“You- You’re finally aware that you’re doing something dangerous??”

	“That’s right. He’s done more dangerous things than you can ever imagine.”

	What dangerous things? I don’t know, I have too many and I lost count.

	While I was ignoring the words of the small animal on my shoulder and behind me, Flana-san spoke up.

	“Could it be, Usato, that you can use it as well?”

	“I can use it, but my system enhancement isn’t that powerful. Rather, it only increases my healing power, so I don’t have any offensive power.”

	“So you punch them instead.”

	With a smile on my face, I turned around and released a healing finger shot, but Amako, who had been in the shade of a tree earlier, had already moved about ten meters away from me.

	The tiny magic bullet I fired missed.

	Tsk, out of range, huh?

	“W-What’s wrong? Suddenly turning around and……”

	“……Hahaha, it’s nothing.”

	I laugh at Flana-san, who is surprised by my sudden action, and cover it up.

	You’re…… doing a good job, Amako, to agitate me after reading my movements with your precognitive magic.

	“I’ve shown you my magic for now, what’s next?”

	“Oh, I’ll show Usato my magic next. I’m sure it’ll be less interesting than what Usato is going to show.”

	“I don’t think so……”

	With that, Flana-san stepped forward and showed both of her palms for me to see.

	Purple magic power was released from her palms, enveloping both arms.

	“Purple magic power? I’ve never seen that before……”

	“That’s a little weird. It doesn’t seem like magic that would be used for attacking.”

	Nea and I each give our own impressions.

	“My system magic is illusion. It’s a magic that allows me to show my opponent illusions.”

	“Show illusions? Like a magic eye to show people illusions……?”

	“Haha, it’s not that powerful, but it’s a lot more useful. My illusionary magic shows illusions to anyone who is hit by my magical attacks.”

	“Hmm? Hmm?”

	Show illusions to those who are attacked by your magic?

	You say as if I understand what that means, but I don’t.

	I’m a little frustrated that Nea is reacting as if she understands something.

	“Haha, you’re confused in a good way. Well then—-“

	“Ah, Oi. Flana!”

	Just as Kazuki was about to stop me, Flana-san put her hand on my shoulder.

	Instantly, magic flows from her and scrapes away before a shadowy figure appears…… in front of me.

	“……Hmm? Something appeared, but then disappeared?”

	“Eh, didn’t you see that?”

	“The shadow appeared for a moment, but then it disappeared.”

	“Hmm? That’s weird,…… if you’re in a defenseless state, you’ll get it easily……”

	Did you just suddenly try to show me an illusion? It’s not that I don’t like the fact that you’re trying to cast a spell on me, but you should have at least said something.

	From the looks of it, it’s supposed to give illusions to those who are touched by the purple magic.

	But why wasn’t I affected?

	As I was wondering, Nea spoke to the dismayed Flana-san in a casual voice.

	“It’s just that his mental capacity is a monster. At the very least, in normal times, this guy can nullify a normal mental attack.”

	“Why is his mental power so out of control? This person?!”

	“He was able to withstand the mental attacks of hundreds of souls. There’s no way an individual’s illusion will work now.”

	Kazuki crossed his arms in admiration at Nea’s words.

	“It’s amazing, isn’t it? I can’t believe Flana’s illusion didn’t work. I was so surprised the first time I got hit……”

	“Kazuki, notice it! Normal people don’t unconsciously resist mental attacks!”

	“You mean Usato is more than normal, right? He’s also been through that much bloodshed, so it’s not strange.”

	“What’s with this unusual trust? I’m a little scared, Kazuki!”



	A slightly teary-eyed Flana-san protests, but Kazuki just nods his head.

	I didn’t think a mental attack from the souls of Samaria would come in handy here.

	“Flana-san, somehow, I’m sorry.”

	“An-anyway, I’m going to show you an illusion, okay? Don’t get defensive, just relax.”

	“Okay, okay,……”

	It’s not every day that someone can make you relax in order to show you an illusion.

	I take a light deep breath to calm my mind and a black figure appears in front of me again. As the figure slowly becomes clearer, I have a bad feeling about it and call out to Flana-san, who is desperately trying to cast a spell on me.

	“By the way, what kind of illusion are you trying to show me?”

	“Well, what do you think is the scariest thing you’ve ever seen?”

	Scary? Horrible……?

	I thought of the wicked dragon, ghosts, Karon, and Koga, and then my defensive instincts kicked in just as the figure in front of me was about to change into a long-haired woman.

	“Nuh-uh!”

	“Ahh! My magic has been drowned out again!”

	I put all my energy into my body and drowned out the illusion before the figure in front of me could reveal its full form.

	“Why are you resisting!”

	“My body has refused to see the illusion……”

	“I-I sent all my magical power into it and everything…… is this person really human…?”

	I’m confident I can still keep my composure if it’s an wicked dragon or a ghost or something, but not Rose.

	Moreover, the vision I was about to see was definitely Rose on the verge of a serious breakdown.

	“Usato, why don’t you let the illusion take you? It’s not that bad.”

	“Nea. What would you do if the leader suddenly appeared in front of you in a state of seriousness?”

	“I’m sorry. I guess that can’t be helped then.”

	I’m glad you understand.

	I nodded to Nea, whose face had turned pale.

	For now, Kazuki and I decided to cheer up Flana-san, who was losing confidence, and have her show us another vision.

	The vision they showed me was one of my favourites.

	The result was……, and I found out that my training had seeped into my deepest consciousness. I didn’t expect the tools used for training and Bluerin to appear.

	“So, I guess it’s my turn at the end. It’s a little plain, but I think I’ll try system enhancement.”

	I guess the goal is to shorten the time it takes for system enhancement to activate.

	The shorter the time it takes to activate, the more it can make up for the gap caused by the decrease in healing power against me, which is the disadvantage of healing magic’s system enhancement.

	“Eh, that’s a bit plain for Usato. Are you sure you don’t want to show off that unconventional new technique?”

	“A new technique that questions common sense……?”

	Flana-san, who must have heard Nea’s words, shakes her shoulders and backs away.

	Not good, if I make a healing flying fist here, not only Flana-san but also Kazuki may be affected by it.

	I smile at Nea on my shoulder.

	“Nea, if you say anything unnecessary, I’ll get you involved in training.”

	“Yes! I’ll shut uuuuuuuuup!”

	Good to know.

	After nailing Nea, I turn to Kazuki and Flana-san.

	“Alright, then, I’ll try to do system enhancement.”

	“To be honest, it’s the first time I’ve seen a system enhancement up close. I’ve never seen a user of it on the road on my journey.”

	“Oh, I see. If it’s okay with you, I’ll show you as much as you want.”

	I have to be a good example for Kazuki to strengthen himself.

	With that in mind, I was about to focus my attention on activating system enhancement when I suddenly looked outside the training area.

	I felt a familiar voice calling my name.

	“Hmm?”

	“Uu~Sa~~To~~Ku~~~nnn!!”

	The next moment, there was a flash of lightning and shock that could have been mistaken for thunder.

	From the shadows that I could barely follow with my eyes, I understood who it was, and rather than being surprised, I was convinced that it was me.

	“Senpai, can’t you come in a little more quietly……?”

	“The moment I left, I was rejected! You can surprise me a little more!”

	Senpai who appeared with a gush of electric shocks rushed towards me, shivering at my reaction.

	The people behind me and Nea on my shoulder seemed to be speechless at senpai’s sudden appearance. To be honest, I was also surprised by senpai’s flamboyant appearance.

	She literally moved “like lightning” as I saw her.

	“I was surprised to hear that you were coming to the castle when I asked from the rescue squad. If you were coming, you could have told me……”

	“That doesn’t mean you have to make an appearance like this……”

	“It didn’t seem like Usato-kun was staying in a particular position, so I rushed over.”

	It’s not that I’m in a hurry.

	Is that it? Do they think that I’m always on the move during the day?

	“So, what are you guys doing here?”

	“Training. At Kazuki’s suggestion, we’re going to do some magic training together…… Are you going to join us?”

	“Yes!”

	Wow, what a smile.

	I laughed at senpai as usual, and the four of us, including her, decided to train together.

	In fact, it hadn’t even started yet, so perhaps the timing of senpai’s arrival was just right.

	“Suzune, how did you just get here? It looked like you were surrounded by some kind of electric shock……”

	“Hmm? Oh, I came with my new technique, more like a fighting style.”

	“Fighting style?”

	“I invented it based on the thunder beast, but instead of manipulating lightning, I strengthen myself with lightning itself. It’s still a work in progress, though, and only works for about ten seconds.”

	“Is that how you got here from the rescue squad? I think it was quite a distance……”

	“I can run through that distance with ease! I don’t want to lose you, Usato!”

	I don’t want to hear you say that while you’re giving me a thumbs up.

	Rather, you’re wearing a tremendous technique, even if it’s limited to ten seconds. What’s more, it was created with reference to the Thunder Beast…… What can I say?

	“That’s cool.”

	“I bet it is! I know! I’m secretly calling this the [Magic Armour・Thunder Beast Mode]’, what do you think!”

	“That’s sooo cool!”

	“So you do know what I mean!! Kurumia snickered at me!”

	Senpai’s naming sense is too much of a bomb……!

	I don’t know how you can come up with such a cool name like “Magic Armor Thunder Beast Mode”.

	I take my hat off to your naming sense……!

	“Kazuki, Suzune? No way……”

	“Oh, you know too? Actually, me too.”

	“Wow, that Suzune is…… a little surprising.”

	For some reason, Flana-san let out a deep emotion while looking at me, Kazuki looked at me and senpai with warm eyes, and Nea and Amako looked at us with cold eyes.

	It’s the first time in a long time that I’ve been able to enjoy the company of friends while being exposed to such stares.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	It’s my own talent that I’m afraid of!

	This is a god story that has almost nothing to do with the main story.

	In this episode, Kazuki and Suzune show off the results of their journey. This time, it’s more like an unveiling of the fruits of Kazuki and Suzune’s journey.

	Suzune has figured out how to use magic on her own, just like some ex-legion leader, and Kazuki has reached a new level after continuing to master the basics.

	Flana’s illusion magic is actually quite a nasty magic.

	But the person who she casted was just hopelessly bad (harsh).





Chapter 155

	After returning to the Kingdom of Lingle completing the journey to deliver the letter, my body has finally become accustomed to the cycle of life in the Rescue Squad.

	I hadn’t missed a single training session during my journey, but the training at the rescue squad was completely different. If you’re training alone, you’ve got the group Tongs to push you, to get you going and to make you work harder.

	……No, it’s just a matter of buying and selling words, which leads to running at full speed.

	It’s such an easy environment to move in for me, but one thing has been bothering me lately.

	“Bluerin, you…… got fat, huh?”

	“Fugua?”

	I noticed it early in the morning when I was feeding Bluerin at the stables.

	He’s always been big, but now he’s kind of…… rotund.

	For me, it’s a good weight to carry and run with! I didn’t mind it, but I couldn’t overlook it if he got so bulky that I could see it.

	“I walked all the time on the trip, so I didn’t gain any weight, but…… you’ve been eating and sleeping and eating and sleeping a lot lately.”

	“……Guh.”

	“It’s no good, isn’t it?”

	After finishing his fruit and trying to coast to sleep, Bluerin shakes his body and looks up.

	Seeing him like that, I made up my mind to make him exercise.

	“You’re a rescue squad too.”

	“Grrr.”

	“You can’t just shake your head like that. You know that, right? You know you can’t do this.”

	He was still shaking his head.

	……I had no choice. I didn’t want to do this, but…

	“Oh well, I’ll leave it to the Leader.”

	“Grrr! Gurruffa!”

	“I see. So you’re motivated! I’m glad you’re motivated!”

	I smiled at Bluerin, who got up in a ball and punched me in the leg to show his motivation.

	If that’s the case, let’s get started today.

	Today’s menu was to run with Tong and the others.

	Normally, I run with Bluerin on my back, but today I decided to have him run with me.

	Although he has gained weight, he has been my partner in this journey.

	The potential of the Blue Grizzly is not something to be trifled with. He’s breathing hard, but he’s keeping up with the pace of me and the thugs.

	“Oh, Usato. You didn’t bring Nea with you?”

	Alec in front of me asked that as we were running through the city.

	“Nea is being trained at the rescue squad’s training grounds.”

	“That means she’s with Nack and Ferrum?”

	“Yeah, well, as far as she’s concerned, it’s just running.”

	Naturally, Nea was reluctant to participate in the training.

	She didn’t want to, to the point of regressing into an infant.

	However, crying it out was not an option for me, who had a heart of gold —– but I felt sorry for forcing her to participate, so I decided to change my approach.

	After my initial attempts to persuade her failed, I went to her room to see if I could find a time when Ferrum and Nea would be together.

	[Ferrum is able to do it normally, but well, guess we can’t do anything about it if you can’t do it. Ferrum was able to do it though.]

	[……!]

	[Ferrum. Just like we talked about, let’s just leave our conversation as is. Nea can’t seem to keep up with you.]

	[Eh? A-A-Aaahhh yeah! O-Of course it’s normal! As if some run off the beat demon can keep up with me! What’s more, there’s no way I’m going to lose to that lump of fat on her chest!]

	[Y-You dare say that to meeeeeeeee!!]

	To sum it up in a very simple way, Nea = choroi. And thus that is how she got involved in training.

	In fact, it was a decision that was reached after an hour of questioning and fighting.

	Now it would be time for her to compete with Ferrum in a death-defying race.

	“You’re a pretty gruesome guy, aren’t you?”

	“I think you’re starting to look like Leader.”

	“Oh, come on, the Leader would have used force in the first place, so it’s totally different. I’m still on the gentle side.”

	When I refuted Gomu and Mir’s words, the tough guys sighed in disgust.

	Why are they sighing at me? But I’m pretty annoyed when these guys sigh at me.

	“Oh, by the way, you’re going to have a mock battle training with the Leader?”

	“……Ah, yeah, I guess so.”

	“Are you sure you’re okay with that?”

	“I’ll ask you the opposite, do you think you’ll be okay?”

	When I replied to Tong’s words, all the thugs answered in unison, “I don’t think so.”

	Well, no shit.

	These guys know Rose’s fears better than anyone. And because they know, they understand and respect her unbelievable ability.

	Of course, that includes me.

	“Nihihi, who would you like to bet on who will win, Usato or the Leader?”

	“Well, I’ll bet on you to win.”

	“It’s obvious who’s going to win.”

	“Guld. There’s nothing worse than a bet that you…… know who’s going to win.”

	“There’s no bet that tastes as good as this one.”

	“Well, the rescue squad doesn’t allow gambling. Idiots.”

	I agreed that there was a winner and a loser, but it annoyed me that they were making it a bet.

	I was annoyed enough that I would have charged Rose if Alec hadn’t stopped me.

	“So, how are you actually going to fight this?”

	“I don’t know… I guess I’ll just use…… Nea’s help and just go hand to hand combat…… She’s probably going to use her bare hands to knock down any long range attacks.”

	Probably the restraining spell won’t even buy me time as well as Karon’s.

	However, there’s no point in doing the same thing to fight Rose, whose everything is organized at a higher level than mine.

	“For now, the first thing I need to do is avoid the Leader’s first blow. Then, I’ll take a shot at her.”

	I have an image of what I want to do, but I know that Rose will move beyond my image, so I go in with the idea of moving beyond my expectations.

	The corners of his mouth naturally turned up, and the thugs saw it and frowned at his rugged face.

	“I guess the only one who doesn’t notice is him.”

	“When he first came here, he was just some little shit…… right?”

	“Now he’s a monster second only to Anego(sis)?”

	“And when he gets mad, he changes. Sometimes it seems like there are two of Anego…”

	“No, that can’t be helped, can it? It’s not unreasonable for him to become like this if he’s been seriously trained by Anego.”

	The blood vessels in my forehead popped out.

	I can’t just lose my temper without saying anything to these people.

	I tried my best to smile and squeezed out my voice without revealing my inner anger.

	“Ha- ha- ha- ha-, say whatever you want, you monsters.”

	“”Ah?””

	“”Ah?””

	I glare at them as I run.

	Bluerin, who was running beside me, looked at me and the thugs in turn, but we didn’t stop glaring at each other.

	“You’ve been on a roll lately, haven’t you? We’re your senpais okay.”

	“Senpai my ass. Do you really think that’s going to scare me off? If that’s the case, I wonder what you’ve been watching all these years.”

	“……”

	“……”

	Silence reigned in the room.

	The only sounds were the sound of running footsteps and the sighs of the kingdom’s people, who seemed to be saying, “Not again……”

	After a ten-second silence, Tung uttered a pressured voice.

	“……The goal is the rescue squad quarters. There is only one winner.”

	“Sabotage, agitation, shortcuts, anything goes.”

	“This is not a fight. You understand that, right?”

	“Yes, of course. This is—–“

	I looked sideways at Tong, who was running closest to me, and sucked in a lungful of air.

	“”A raceeeeeeeeeeeee yeaaaaaaaaaah!!!””

	I unleashed a no-motion side kick at Tong, but I guess everyone was thinking the same thing, because all six of us kicked at the same time, interrupting each other.

	The timing of the kicks was wrong, and they were both blown away at the same time by the kicks to the abdomen, but they quickly got up and started running separately.

	Bluerin, who can’t fully grasp the situation, is pacing left and right in a panic, but I give him a thumbs-up and shout.

	“If you skip out while I’m not looking, no food for you!”

	“Gua?!”

	With a shocked Bluerin at my back, I kicked the ground and ran from the scene, looking at the thugs running ahead of me.

	As you would expect from someone who has been given a black uniform, his legs are not those of an ordinary person.

	But then again, so am I.

	“I’m not going to lose!

	If I lost to these guys with my legs, it would be no shame at all.

	If I’m going to do this, I’m definitely going to win.

	I made up my mind to do so, and started running to catch up with the thugs in front of me.

	“So, is there anything else you should say?”

	“”I’m sorry……””

	I had just barely won the battle against the tough guys in the rescue squad, but what was waiting for me was Rose, who was giving me a cold stare that would make even the Grim Reaper run away barefoot.

	The six of us who had reached the rescue squad were immediately captured by Rose, and were currently being forced to sit on the ground.

	“Seriously you lots…… I can’t believe you’re fighting over something this trivial. I don’t care if you’re making noise, but how many times must I tell you not to bother the people around you? Are y’all bird for brains that you can’t understand a simple rule?”

	“Leader. With all due respect, I don’t think it’s right to lump me in with this monster in human skin.”

	“That’s right, Anego. Please don’t lump us in with these herbivore skinned super creatures.”

	“Shut up!”

	Rose grabbed me by the face and lifted me up with one hand, and the screams of Tong and I echoed through the deserted forest.

	Seeing us like that, Alec and the others only looked down, their faces turning pale.

	“You know what will happen to you…… if you do the same thing next time, don’t you?”

	“”Ye-yes……!””

	I was released from the Iron Claw and dropped to the ground, Tong and I barely responded as we stumbled around on the ground.

	After looking down at us and sighing in disbelief, Rose nailed Alec and the others as well, and then turned in the opposite direction of the rescue squad quarters.

	Alec also wondered, and asked Rose.

	“Leader, are you going somewhere?”

	“I’ve been summoned to the castle. I’ll be back by nightfall.”

	Had Lloyd-sama called her?

	Maybe I’m being self-conscious, but most of the times Rose has been called to the castle, I’ve been involved, so I’m a little curious.

	As the pain receded from my face, I got up normally and Rose, who was about to head for the castle, suddenly remembered something and turned to me.

	“Ah, right. Usato.”

	“Yes?”

	“We’re going to have a mock battle tomorrow, so get ready.”

	……

	“That’s all I have to say. So don’t skip the training.”

	Rose ignored me, her face stiff and unable to move, and went straight to the castle.

	Tomorrow? Isn’t tomorrow too soon?

	If you had told me a week or so before, I could have prepared for a lot of things.

	“I can’t even make fun of this.”

	“I feel sorry for you, seriously.”

	“Well, hit it and shatter it. Worst-case scenario, it might really shatter, but good luck.”

	“Don’t die, Usato.”

	“From the looks of it, it looks like Anego is looking forward to it.”

	“You guys think it’s someone else’s problem……!”

	Receiving the sympathetic glances of the thugs, I walked unsteadily to the training ground to tell Nea about tomorrow’s mock battle with Rose.

	On the way there, I spotted a blue blob laying down in a big heap.

	“Oh, Bluerin.”

	“……Guoo!”

	Noticing me, Bluerin wakes up with a bang and runs towards me with great vigor.

	He reveals anger in his eyes and launches a physical attack on me — but I catch it head-on.

	“Mumumumu!”

	“Grrrrr……!”

	I back away slightly, but I still catch it completely, and I apologize for leaving Bluerin behind earlier.

	“Haha, I’m sorry for leaving you here. You’ve worked hard today, and I’ll have more food as a way of apologizing.”

	“Guffoo.”

	I smiled at Bluerin, who sat there sniffling, thinking that was good.

	I’m not sure if he did what I told him to do, but I’m heading to the training grounds while casting a healing spell on his exhausted body.

	“I’m sure Nea, Ferrum, and Nack will be at the training grounds……”

	[That’s not fair! You used some sort of weird technique to interrupt me! Are you even human!]

	[Hoohohohou! You idiot! Precisely because I’m a demon that it’s unfair! Stuuupid- Stuupid!]

	[W-What did you say!]



	When we arrive in sight of the training ground, we see the strange sight of Nea and Ferrum lying in the middle of it, with Nack watching them with his forehead pressed down.

	Nea and Ferrum are not unconscious, they are just too exhausted to move while collapsed, but instead they are cursing each other.

	Needless to say, it’s a very surreal scene.

	“Oh, Usato-san! I was just about to call for you.”

	“Nack, what the hell happened here?”

	I asked Nack, who had rushed over to me, how he got into this situation and why.

	Then, with a subtle expression on his face, he began to explain how this happened.

	“No, well, at first we were just running around the training grounds as usual, but then Ferrum-san and Nea-san started fighting and started competing with each other to see who could finish their quota faster……”

	“Oh, I see.”

	They fought, but they understood that fighting was not allowed in the rescue squad, so they tried to settle it in another way.

	They were doing what we were doing earlier.

	But why is it that Ferrum is down? I’m not sure that Nea can match Ferrum’s physical strength, even if I were to look at it favorably.

	“Nea aside, why is Ferrum on the ground too?”

	“Apparently Nea-san casted some kind of strange purple magic on Ferrum-san. Ferrum who didn’t notice it got hit by it and lost to Nea-san……”

	“Ahh okay, I kinda get it.”

	So Nea really didn’t want to lose.

	Ferrum should also notice…… restraint spell is not that hard to understand……

	For now, I can’t watch, so I touch the backs of the two still slumped over and cursing each other, and apply healing magic.

	“Usato, listen to me! I defeated this unsavory demon race!”

	“You cheated, you bastard! Damn it, losing to you……!”

	“……Sigh.”

	I didn’t know what to make of the big smile on Nea’s face and the half-crying Ferrum.

	I’m sighing, but at the same time I’m smiling…… Yeah, we’re kind of similar, aren’t we?

	For now, I’ll let Nea know about the mock battle with the Leader while I’m at it.

	“Nea?”

	“Hmph, what? If you’re going to praise me, it’s fine if you overreact, okay?”

	“The mock battle with the Leader is set for tomorrow.”

	“……”

	Nea froze with a piquant smile on her face.

	I know how you feel, but I have to accept it.

	You have to be prepared for a lot of things in a fight with Rose.

	It will be painful, that’s for sure.

	I’m so frightened that I’m shaking.

	However, somewhere in my heart, I still want to show Rose, my mentor, how much I’ve grown.

	“Also, I hate to lose……?”

	It’s the only strength that hasn’t changed since the original world.





Chapter 156

	Looking back, this may be the first time I have faced Rose head-on.

	I’ve been spanked before, and we’ve yelled at each other before, but that doesn’t apply to fighting.

	That’s why I’m terrified of the idea of fighting Rose.

	But at the same time, a sense of elation was welling up in me now, wanting to know how much of my power could get through to Rose.

	“Nea, don’t look like you’re in despair. It’s not like I’m going to die, you know.”

	After breakfast, on the way from the rescue squad to the training grounds, I spoke to Nea, who was giving off a gloomy aura of despair.

	“It’s not the same. With someone who has higher strength and healing capabilities than Usato……… Knowing you so well, I can only despair.”

	“Well, if you’re asking me if I can win a head-to-head fight, I’d say no. And if I were to use some trickery, it would be of no use either.”

	The more I thought about it, the more I couldn’t do anything about it.

	There it is. The simplicity of the combat method makes it hard to know how to win.

	“She’s fast, she can puch well, she can avoid, it’s really outrageous, isn’t it? Hahahaha.”

	“You should tell that to the people who have fought you before. I’m sure they’ll all say, ‘As if you can say that!’.”

	Rose and I have different degrees of that……

	It’s not that I hadn’t been thinking about it before today. I’ve been thinking about how to deal with Rose and how I can use Nea’s magic to stop her from moving.

	After all that, the conclusion I came to was…

	“I’ve stopped thinking about how to fight.”

	“What?”

	“No, I thought about it before I went to bed, but since none of the strategies seemed to make sense, I concluded that it would be best to just be me.”

	“Uwaa, that’s a new way of using that muscle brain of yours……”

	The difference in ability was obvious from the start.

	If that’s the case, then let’s give it all we’ve got before we get blown away.

	As I made up my mind to do so and was walking forward, I noticed two figures approaching from the castle town.

	The smaller figure was Amako, and the one with her hood pulled up tightly over her eyes was Flana-san, the girl who had trained with Kazuki and senpai the other day.

	“Hmm, she’s here. Usato.”

	“Ah, come to think of it, you said you were coming to the rescue squad before.”

	But I didn’t expect her to come today of all days.

	From the looks of it, she didn’t use any precognitive magic, so it’s probably just a coincidence, but…… today huh……

	“Why are you here, Flana-san?”

	“Amako asked me to come. Did…… that bothered you?”

	“No, no. I thought that…… you were avoiding me.”

	“Ahhh, that’s because…… Usato has worked hard to acquire that ability, and I thought it was…… very selfish of me to avoid you based on my common sense scale.”

	Removing her hood, Frana-san made an apologetic expression.

	“That’s why I came here today to apologize. I’m sorry……, Usato.”

	“Oh, don’t apologize. I’m not that bothered either……!”

	She is a disciplined, yet serious person.

	It would be awkward if I made her apologize, so I decided to change the subject.

	“Anyway, why are you with Amako? I heard that you asked her out……”

	“Flana-san and I see each other quite a bit.”

	“Yeah. We’re both from far away countries, and we’re both alone. More than anything, it’s easy to talk to her.”

	When you think about it, Flana-san, the daughter of the chief, and Amako, who was a ‘time chanting’ of the beast tribe, are in a slightly similar position.

	It seems like an unexpected combination, but they have a lot in common, don’t they?

	Amako seems to be happy to have a friend.

	“Usato, are you training now?”

	“What? Uh,…… yeah.”

	“Can I watch? I’ll try not to get in the way.”

	“I’ll have to check with the Leader about that……”

	Today, all the members of the group except for me and Nea went for a morning run, so I thought there would be no one to watch the game? Was what I thought but if they want to watch us fight and train, that’s fine with me.

	But I’ll have to check with Flana-san beforehand.

	I don’t want to shock her by showing her a shocking scene when we’ve finally resolved our differences.

	“Flana-san, we’re about to have a mock battle with the Leader…… and I’m planning to do something that’s beyond common sense, so I recommend you don’t watch.”

	“This guy is so blunt.”

	If I showed her the fight between me and Rose, Flana-san would be more than confused.

	While Amako looked horrified, Flana-san, instead of being surprised by my advice, smiled calmly and put her hand on my shoulder.

	“Don’t worry. I’ve heard from Kazuki, Suzune, and the people of the city how great you can be. I believed it and accepted it. I’m not going to be foolish enough to think of you as common sense anymore.”

	“……Flana-san.”

	“Besides, Kazuki’s been praising you so much. That alone is reason enough to believe.”

	He’s too good……!

	Then it would be uncalled for to say any more.

	“Where’s Amako?”

	“I’m coming. I’m a little scared, but I’m interested.”

	Amako seemed to be coming to see the show as usual.

	Unexpectedly, there were two more spectators.

	Rose would be waiting for us at the training grounds. I don’t want to make her wait too long, so we should head there as soon as possible.

	In the center of the training ground, Rose was standing there with her back to us.

	She had green hair and a spotless white uniform.

	She still exuded a disturbing atmosphere, but when she noticed that we had arrived, she turned to us.

	“Oh, you’re here.”

	“Yes.”

	I stood at the edge of the training area with Nea, who was stiff with fear and nervousness.

	Behind me, Amako and Flana-san are looking at Rose with a defensive look.

	“And, the ones at the back?”

	“They want to observe…… Do you mind? If not, I can send them off.”

	“No, I don’t mind. Amako and Kazuki’s fellow elf,…… wasn’t it, Flana? If you want to watch, do it away from here. Unless you want to get involved.”

	“Alri-…… I understand. Let’s go, Flana.”

	“Oh, yeah…… Involved? Wait, are we getting involved……?”

	Flana-san muttered as if wondering, but Amako immediately guessed and pulled her hand to leave.

	It’s going to be a battle of unknowns for me as well, so I’ll feel safer if you two move away from me.

	After confirming that the two of them had moved to a remote location, I faced Rose, who was silent with her arms crossed.

	“Are you ready to go?”

	“Yes, I’ve done my prep work in the morning.”

	“I see……”

	When I got to know her, she had a tremendous presence.

	It’s partly because I’m mentally convinced that I can’t win, but even without that, I can’t help but feel that any attack will be met with a swift counterattack.

	“You know what this mock battle is about, right?”

	“To see how good me and Nea are right now…… is it?”

	“Yeah. But today, I was able to confirm…… one more thing, no, I was able to determine.”

	Determine?

	What are you trying to find out about me? Rose gave me a biting smile as I puzzled over what she meant, and uncrossed her arms.

	“You don’t need to worry about that right now. All you have to do is fight me with everything you’ve got. Don’t let your guard down, okay? Because the moment you do, I’m going to reap your consciousness?”

	“……Ha, you seem to be underestimating us a lot. I’m going to do it like I’m going to blow you up, and I’m going to do it with that in mind,…… was what Nea said.”

	“Hoorah!?”

	Oh shit, my mouth moved on its own reflex.

	Rose smiles belligerently, and Nea on my shoulder half-screams and slaps my cheek with her wing.

	I smile awkwardly too and look at Nea on my shoulder.

	“I guess there’s no turning back now. Let’s do this together.”

	“Don’t you mean let’s force me to go with you?!? Why do you like to push yourself so hard!”

	“Nea, restraining spell on my fist. I’ll do my best to outrun the Leader’s attack. If an attack is about to hit you, use your…… energy to avoid it.”

	“Mu, don’t be absurd!”

	I turned away from Nea, who was shaking her head, and deployed my gauntlet and took a stance.

	She thrusts her right arm, which is the starting point of her defense, forward and draws her left fist back. My right leg is half-stepped out, as is my right arm, and I am half-armed, ready to respond immediately to any attack.

	This was the stance I had developed during my journey.

	Rose is still staring at me without making a stance.

	“The boy who was whining and whining about training not so long ago has become…… much more presentable.”

	“That’s all thanks to Leader.”

	“No, it’s not. You’ve surpassed the ordeal I put you through.”

	“That ordeal was too unreasonable, though. For me, they were all so irritating that I questioned my sanity.”

	“……Sigh, you still love to talk a lot.”

	After a few seconds of silence at my words, Rose covered her right eye with her palm and said that.

	In the next moment, I feel the air change with my skin.

	“After overcoming so many hardships in his journey, This little shit has certainly grown stronger.”

	Each word is laden with weight.

	Sweat comes to my face, even though the battle hasn’t even started yet.

	Not wanting to miss Rose’s every move, I stare into her eyes and see that she has lowered the palm that was covering her right eye and is shooting at me with hawk-like sharp eyes.

	“However, I did praise you for having ‘grown stronger’ after the journey, but don’t think I won’t be any less lenient on you.”

	“……Meaning?”

	“You know what I mean.”

	A moment later, Rose’s figure, which she had been watching so closely, disappeared and appeared in front of me with her fists raised.

	“Let’s see what you’ve improved on right here.”

	The fist swung at me with a sound of wind.

	That was the signal for me to begin my fight to the death, which I was sure to lose.

	It was the fist of speed that had been pounded into my body dozens and hundreds of times before I set out on this journey.

	But now that I had gone through so many training sessions, I was able to completely catch the movement of that fist.

	“Fuh!”

	I took a half step back to avoid the fist that was closing in on my abdomen.

	The next moment, however, a backward kick with centrifugal force comes at me, trying to reap my neck.

	While my smile twitches at the kick that is clearly trying to reap my consciousness, I crouch down to avoid the follow-up attack.

	“Don’t let your guard down.”

	“Ack!”

	I came to my senses at that word and looked up to see a fist being thrust out with unusual force.

	The impact went through my body, and my feet left the ground as I was blown away.

	“Guh!”

	I was blown away about five meters and landed on the ground. I smiled as I unclasped my arms, which I had held up as quickly as I could.

	If it had been me before, I would have been knocked unconscious without being able to block even the second blow, but now that I’ve grown through my journey, I can handle it.

	“Before, I would have been killed by this, but not now……!”

	“Yes, you’re right. It looks like you’ve at least able to prevent this.”

	Inwardly, I’m really scared, but I don’t show it, and smile.

	I’m not sure if it’s because I’m a little scared, but I’m not afraid to say so. But seriously, what kind of monstrous strength does this fellow really have?

	“Usato, I think I want to go home.”

	“Nea, I’m counting on you.”

	“I can’t do it this timeeee! Come on! First my vision suddenly shakes and next thing you’re being blown away! Why am I caught in the middle of this monster battle? Look over there! This is such a shock that Flana is trying to cancel it out by casting an illusion spell on herself!”

	I’m not going to distract myself from Rose even if Nea is speaking as quickly as Alfie-san.

	“Okay, now you come first. If you don’t, I’ll blow you away as fast as I can.”

	“You don’t have to tell me that……! Nea, let’s go! I’ll give you blood and everything when I’m done!”

	“……Uhh AHHH FINE! Oh my god! You just want me to go right, Then let’s do it!!!!”

	Nea finally gets motivated and grants me a restraining spell on both of my fists.

	“I’m coming with everything I’ve got!”

	“Yes!”

	I hold up my purple patterned gauntlet and squeeze my fists as I unleash my healing flying fist.

	A new technique that combines the binding spell and the healing flying fist, I call it——

	“Restraint flying fist! Healing Punch!”

	“Ah?”

	With a dull thud, a fist-sized magic bullet was released at high speed.

	At the same time, as if chasing a magic bullet, I also ran towards Rose to aim for a follow-up attack.

	Rose’s expression was one of admiration as the magic bullet approached her.

	“Interesting use.”

	She caught the healing flying fist with her palm alone.

	The magic power flashed, and the restraining spell that had been granted was stretched across Rose’s arm.

	……

	I already knew. I know man but still, at least work a little or something.

	“Hmm?”

	“I know you can take it!”

	I approached Rose, who saw the pattern running down my arm, and slammed my healing restraining fist into her with all my might.

	When she noticed the pattern on my fist, she put her hand on her chin to compare it with the pattern restraining her arm.

	“I see, so the magic that stops movement can also be used through you.”

	“……! Look away–“

	“It’s a good application, but the downside is that it’s fragile.”

	As soon as she said that, Rose put a lot of pressure on her arm and shattered the magic pattern with force.

	Are you kidding me……, even Nea should be able to use the restraining spell to increase her restraining power,……!

	No, I can’t waver right now!

	I forced my nearly stiffened body to move and attack Rose.

	“Oraa!”

	“There’s no more waste in…… movement?”

	In the beast tribe, the attacks that were able to incapacitate the beasts were easily fended off.

	My fists and kicks were easily bounced off by her hands and arms, and I didn’t feel like I could break through at all.

	It was as if she was telling me that I could avoid you if I wanted to, though she didn’t say it out loud.

	The only thing that occupied my emotions was frustration. “Is my current technique not enough to hit the target?

	I can’t get past Rose’s defense with my gory and logical fighting style.

	One more push is not enough.

	If only there was that much of a change in my movements…

	“What are you day-dreaming about?”

	Perhaps realizing that I was lost in thought, Rose met my right fist head-on. She also grabbed my left fist, which I had thrust out in agony, and naturally put me in a position where we were in a contest of strength.

	……! It’s not going to come off! I’ve been thinking about this a lot, but what kind of arm strength does this person have?

	“Damn, you……!”

	“Oh, you’re going to compete with me? That’s fun.”

	I didn’t mean any of that.

	It’s not that I’m not a fan of this kind of thing.

	The weight of the increased pressure and the load on her arms made me scream out to Nea.

	“Nea……! Cast a restraining spell on……!”

	“I’m already doing it!”

	Whuuu, so you’re saying she’s already bound by the restraints and she’s still comparing forces with me?

	She’s also fast.

	Her arm strength, including the restraints, is more than even with me.

	And she doesn’t seem to be taking it seriously at all.

	Seriously, how do I fight?





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Q: Why did you bring in Flana, who you didn’t originally plan to have appear now?

	A: Somehow.





Chapter 157

	When I think about it, every opponent I’ve ever fought has given me some sort of breakthrough.

	The wicked dragon was a body degraded by hundreds of years of sealing.

	The curse of Samaria was an attack by Nea’s magic.

	Karon, the dragon person of Mia Rak, has taught me to combine physical technique and defense and evasion of my gauntlet.

	The leader of the second legion of the Demon King’s Army, Koga, I used my healing fist to penetrate his defenses.

	There is no such thing as an unbeatable opponent.

	I’m sure I can give Rose a run for her money.

	“Ooooooooraaaaaaaaa!”

	“Uuooooo!”

	“Hyaaaaaaaa!”

	I’ve been thrown around with a tremendous amount of force from a contest of strength which made Nea scream and frowned as I glared at Rose, who was about to swing her fist down at me in midair.

	It’s impossible to avoid fists when you’re stuck in the air, but I’ve got this gauntlet!

	“Healing burst palm!”

	“Ah?”

	In the end, she was able to barely avoid my healing palm from my right-hand gauntlet.

	I almost got hit with a real aerial combo……!

	“Aguu! This!!”

	I fell to the ground from my back, but jumped up in reaction to hitting the ground, and threw three healing magic bullets while falling back.

	Even in the face of the healing magic bullets to buy time, Rose does not lose her composure.

	“Ha, we think alike, don’t we?”

	The next moment Rose’s right arm blurred, all the healing magic bullets that went towards her were drowned out.

	They’ve been canceled out by the same healing magic bullets as me!

	“Don’t tell me, Leader also has healing magic bullet……!”

	“It’s not that surprising, right? It’s faster to throw it than to release it normally.”

	“……True!”

	“I think it’s just you guys who think this way!”

	I simply didn’t have the talent to launch magic, but now I’m faster at throwing it.

	Moreover, she is shooting it faster than me releasing it, isn’t that crazy…!

	In the moment when Leader’s right arm is shaking once again, magic bullets are coming at us with great speed.

	“Neaa! Concentrate on my left arm and its resistance to blows!”

	“Yeah!”

	The spell pattern of resistance is covered on the left arm that is not attached to the gauntlet’s hand.

	With this, I can prevent Rose’s attacks with both arms! Now it’s just a matter of how many of my attacks go through!

	I clenched my right fist tightly and unleashed it at Rose, but it was easily knocked down.

	“If you keep doing the same thing over and over again, your fist will never reach me no matter how many years pass.”

	“Tsk!”

	In return, I swung down with a hand sword that shattered her shoulder, but she caught it with her left arm, which contained a spell of resistance.

	The sound of the magic pattern cracking is heard from my left arm, but Nea immediately recasts the magic.

	“!…… So that’s your second magic.”

	“There’s no way you’d use the same hand so many times……!”

	“Mugugu, what’s going on if it breaks after it’s healed……?”

	I was able to prevent the attack, but this won’t keep Nea around for long.

	We have to go on the offensive!

	I tried to step into her blind spot, but was forced to defend myself with my left arm as an elbow flew at me from the side, slamming into me to block it.

	“Damnit……!”

	I was forced to retreat without question, and the next moment when I looked up, Rose had grabbed me to hold me down by the chest of my clothes.

	“From the looks of it, there’s a limit to the attacks you can take with that magic.”

	“Ugh……!”

	This is it. I’m completely outmatched in my initial attack.

	When I want to strike, I’m crushed before I can do anything and am force to be on the defensive side.

	Trying to remove the grip from my collar, Rose’s restraints don’t come off so easily and I can only scream in agony.

	“……I’m going to use a little of my strength, so bear with me.”

	“Fu- Nea! Get away from me!”

	“Eh, Usa-……”

	The moment I pulled Nea away from me in a spur-of-the-moment decision, Rose let go of my collar as if to push me away, and hit me with a side kick with centrifugal force.

	I was barely able to defend myself with my gauntlet, but the spell of resistance cast on Nea was shattered in an instant, and the impact I couldn’t take blew my body wide open.

	“……Ugh, guaa!”

	My vision shifts in the blink of an eye.

	This is bad……! If this continues, I will crash into the trees outside the training grounds! I don’t want to play human pinball right now!

	Frowning at the intense pain tormenting my body, I slam my right fist into the tree to counteract the impact.

	“Guoooooooooo!”

	I managed to hit the ground while crashing into the trees that grew around the training ground.

	Immediately, I applied healing magic while breathing heavily.

	How far was I blown away……? I can’t see the direction of the training ground because it is surrounded by trees.

	Morever, how hard can that monster disguised as a human kick……! If it wasn’t for me, you’d be in big trouble!

	“Cough cough…… phew.”

	It was painful to even breathe, but I was alive and well.

	Thanks to Nea’s magic paired with the gauntlet, I’m not seriously injured.

	Small injuries can be quickly healed with healing magic.

	My heart is still unbroken —– I can still fight.

	“……Oh, shit, it’s been a really long time since I’ve been blown up like this……”

	I’ve been beaten up by Rose many times as part of my training to learn evasion, but I guess she took it easy on me.

	And now, she’s attacking me with more force than before, if not with all her might.

	That means I’ve grown up enough for her to use that much power.

	“But I don’t like the idea of being beaten up like this……!”

	I can’t just sit here and take a beating, and I’m not so innocent as to give up at this point.

	I’m going to do it, and I’m going to do everything I can to try……!

	“What I do will never change……”

	I’ve always found a way to make the most of my time in battle.

	As I stood up, nearly fully recovered from my healing magic, I heard something that sounded like a breeze coming from the direction where the training grounds would be.

	“What is it?”

	I get a bad feeling about the unidentified sound.

	I was stunned by the sound of something falling from above me, weaving its way through the trees.

	“No, no, no, no! Are you kidding me!”

	Several trees were pulled out from their roots.

	The unreasonable and unrestrained range of the attack made even me scream and hold up my fist.

	I was actually curious about how strong Rose, Usato’s master, was.

	But I didn’t think that she was strong enough to let Usato do nothing and beat him to a pulp.

	That was the healing magician I had first tried to rely on in this kingdom, Rose, the head of the Rescue squad. The person Usato trusts and fears the most.

	“Hey, hey Amako. I heard a gargantuan sound that I can’t believe came from kicking a human just now…… and I think we should stop the fight?”

	Flana, who had just witnessed the sight of Usato being kicked away by Rose and disappearing into the woods, shook her voice and pointed into the woods.

	“I think he’s fine.”

	“Now wait a minute! You heard that too right! It sounded like GAH BAH BOOM! That’s not a sound you want to hear coming from someone!”

	“I’m not sure how much damage she’s done, but I’m pretty sure he’s using his gauntlet to protect himself, and I’m sure Usato has softened the impact.”

	“That’s not the point!”

	I wasn’t able to follow it with my eyes, but I knew Usato could hold that much.

	“Oh my god, my definition of human is about to collapse…… Humans can move like that? Suzune also moved in a perverted way, but when it comes to Usato and Rose, there’s an inexplicable irrationality……”

	I chuckled at Flana, who was holding her head and mumbling to herself.

	Well, anyone who doesn’t know Usato would be like this…… No, to be honest, I’m just being calm instead because Flana next to me is more surprised than I am.

	“Speaking of which, have you stopped casting illusion magic on yourself?”

	“I’ve been doing it myself, and it’s been empty…… I’ve been shown more unrealistic sights than my own illusions……”

	“Ah, I see.”

	When Usato and Rose started to fight, Flana saw a scene so shocking that she thought she was being shown an illusion and cast an illusionary spell on herself, but…… the result didn’t seem to be very good.

	“Wait, if Amako isn’t too surprised, does that mean Usato has done the same thing many times?”

	“Yeah. He’s always being so reckless.”

	“Aren’t you worried about……?”

	Of course I’m worried.

	But I understand better than anyone that he’s not the kind of person to let that stop him, having traveled with him.

	“I believe in Usato. Besides, he’s not the kind of person who would break so easily.”

	“……Haha, otherwise he wouldn’t be able to resist my illusion magic in that bare state, right?”

	“Hmm?”

	What am I talking about? Well, it’s fine.

	Realizing that Usato had done something wrong, I turned my gaze to Rose.

	After kicking him with unusual strength, Rose is staring at the edge of the training area, deep into the woods.

	“About time…”

	After muttering this, Rose put her hands on a nearby tree and pulled it out with force…… What?

	It’s not just Flana who is speechless, but me as well, because the behavior is so out of the ordinary.

	“Pull the tree out, time to throw it.”

	After shattering the tree with her bare hands until it was just the right size, Rose grabbed the splintered log with one hand and threw it carelessly.

	The tree was thrown into the forest where Usato couldn’t even be seen, and after a few seconds or so, Usato’s scream and the high-pitched sound of something being popped with an iron could be heard.

	I couldn’t believe it, but it seemed to be throwing in anticipation of Usato’s position.

	“Hey, Amako. I’m going to ask you one more time, are you sure Usato is okay……?”

	“………He might not be okay after all.”

	Perhaps I had underestimated her a bit.

	I’ve often heard that disciples resemble their masters, and Rose was no exception.

	No, if anything, she was someone who acted even more outrageously than Usato.

	“That evil spirit demon devil, even that’s full of shit!”

	She shattered the logs that were raining down on her with her fists as she pushed straight for the training grounds.

	Thanks to her, there was no time to rest!

	“So.”

	When I realised I was almost hit by the log, I quickly released my healing burst palm and accelerated to roll sideways and dodge.

	In the meantime, I kneel on the ground and try to breathe on the spot to assess the situation.

	“I’m not sure if I’m going to be able to use my healing palm here.”

	It’s a technique that can be used for evasion, defence and recovery, but it’s also very useful to deal with attacks that you can’t move fast enough.

	But there’s no point in using half-hearted evasion in front of Rose.

	In the meantime, she can dodge the healing palm, but the follow-up attack will come with tremendous reaction speed.

	“……Release magic?”

	Wait, can’t we put this to good use?

	If the acceleration of the release of magic power can be used for emergency evasion, it may also be used for acceleration when attacking.

	As the logs were falling around me with great force, I lost myself in thought.

	If I can find one possibility, all I have to do is pull it together.

	“In the first place, why am I assuming that the Healing Burst Palm is a technique that can only be used by palms?”

	In addition to its incomparable firmness, this gauntlet given to me by Falga-sama also assists me in manipulating my magic power. I’m sure I can use the healing burst palm from the arm, back of the hand, or fingers covered by the gauntlet.

	I focused my attention on the gauntlet on my right arm and released magic power from the side of the arm covered by the gauntlet in the same manner as the healing burst palm.

	“Whoa!”

	With the same sound of popping air as in the bursting palm, magic power bursts from the side of my arm, nearly throwing me off balance.

	It’s not impossible. I’m not sure if it’s because I’m not used to it, or if I’m not able to adjust the power, but this is more than enough for now.

	The corners of my mouth naturally rose.

	There was a glimmer of hope in what had seemed like a hopeless battle.

	“Usato——-!”

	“Hmm?”

	When I looked up at the shout from above my head, I saw that Nea, in her owl state, was descending towards me with tremendous force.

	Immediately, I caught her with both hands and she jumped on my shoulders, revealing her anger.

	“You little! Stop throwing me around when you’re in danger! I can take care of myself too!”

	“……Oh, I’m sorry. That’s right, you’ve been fighting with me too.”

	I was taken aback by Nea’s words for a moment, then smiled.

	“Nea, let’s go.”

	“What are our chances of winning? There’s no point in trying any more.”

	“I’ve come up with a new way to fight. I’ve named it the ‘Healing Accelerator Fist’, the third method of combat!”

	“……At least make it the Healing Speed Fist. It’s so lame it’s not even funny.”

	……I think it’s cool.

	It seems that Rose has also stopped throwing the log, as if she has confirmed that Nea is flying towards me.

	It’s a quirky idea, and I’m sure she can’t attack Nea in a way that might involve her.

	“Come on, let’s go all out. I won’t spare any energy either.”

	I’m going to give Rose a run for her money, regardless of how much magic I have left.

	Determined, I set off in the direction I knew Rose would be waiting for me.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Healing Acceleration Fist

	This is a new fighting style derived from the Healing Burst Palm.

	In simple terms, it is the ‘kame●meha’ theory.

	Rose’s fighting style this time around was gruesome to say the least, crushing Usato’s attacks with her spinning elbows, grabbing him by the collar and restraining him before delivering an unavoidable body-crushing kick.





Chapter 158

	It’s not the first time I’ve had to use a new technique on the spot.

	The Accelerated Healing… And also Healing Acceleration Punch

	This is an application of the healing bursting punch that gives me a change in my movement. If I can utilize this, I should be able to reach Rose with my fist.

	Clenching my fists tightly, I ran as fast as I could through the woods to reach the training grounds.

	I look up to see Rose waiting for me with her arms folded.

	“I’m going to give it everything I’ve got! Nea!”

	“I get it already!!”

	My left arm is resistant to blows.

	I concentrated the restraining spell on my right arm with the gauntlet on it and approached Rose.

	When Rose saw me, she had a somewhat dumbfounded expression on her face.

	“I thought you would have a plan, but you’re just going to barge in like you did before?”

	“Nope!”

	As soon as I was about ten steps away, I squeezed my right arm back and at the same time burst the magic power from my elbow.

	After gaining tremendous acceleration, I added a step to my momentum and slammed my accelerated right fist into Rose.

	I retreated a few metres, only to be stunned by the arm, and Rose looked at me with wide eyes.

	“……!”

	“I’m not like I was before! This time, I’m going to accelerate just a little bit!”

	This is the Healing Acceleration Fist.

	It’s a technique that uses the impact of a system enhanced bursting fist to create instantaneous acceleration.

	It consumes a huge amount of magic power, but now is not the time to worry about magic power, so I use it with all my might.

	“Haha, interesting. Let me see more.”

	“You don’t need to tell me that!”

	I was inwardly scared by Rose’s ferocious smile that would make a child cry if he saw it, but I was more than happy with the solid response.

	I try not to let my inner joy show on my face, and I burst out my magic power from my elbow again to get closer to Rose at once.

	Even if I swing my fist like this, it would be easily dealt with —– but now my punches can literally be accelerated by only one step!

	“Healing, accelerated fist!”

	“I see, that’s how it works……!”

	Rose was surprised by the sudden acceleration of the fist, but she avoided the fist that slipped through her defense with a light gesture, and at the same time, turned around and threw a powerful back kick.

	I can’t avoid this! If I eat it I’ll be blown away! If that’s the case!

	This time, I released magic power from the side of my gauntlet and forced myself to push to the side!

	“Oops……”

	I managed to just barely avoid the spinning kick and get a little distance from Rose.

	The attack is still blocked, but I feel a different kind of touch than before.

	“You were using a similar technique earlier, does that mean you applied it?”

	“Yes. It would have been easy for you to deal with me if you had attacked normally, so I forced a change in my movements.”

	“So that’s acceleration that can be applied to movement, attack, and evasion? Looks like you’re pretty handy.”

	I can tell from fighting her that she really doesn’t have half the insight or anything.

	She immediately notices what Nea and I are doing, and I didn’t expect her to understand the mechanism of the healing acceleration fist so quickly.

	“Ha, you’re the kind of guy I can’t predict what you’re going to do. Are you really a healing magician?”

	“I’m the one who wants to say that. What kind of physical abilities do you have?”

	“From my point of view, I doubt either of you is a healing magician, let alone a human being.”

	I thought about the application of the accelerated healing fist based on the previous attack and defense, while ignoring Nea’s distracted words.

	Seeing me thinking, Rose twists her mouth in amusement and doesn’t move from her spot.

	“……You’re not going to attack me?”

	“Do you want me to attack you?”

	“No, not at all.”

	When I answered immediately, she smiled and crossed her arms to see what was so funny, and continued to speak as if teaching me.

	“I don’t have time to think about it when I’m facing a superior enemy, one that’s really trying to kill me. But now, it’s allowed. Think about it, Usato. What do you need to do to fight a superior opponent like me? What should I do? What do I need to find out? If you can figure that out in this situation, you can deal with anything on your own.”

	“On your own……”

	As Rose’s apprentice, I was on my own.

	That meant a lot to me.

	“Well, if you don’t understand that, I’ll just let you understand it with your body.”

	“……”

	Think hard! It should be an absolute bonus that she’s gonna make me understand it with my body!

	The…… healing acceleration fist gave me instantaneous acceleration. Now it’s just a question of how to deal Rose’s blow.

	The defences can be exceeded but avoided with dismay.

	Moreover, Rose will respond quickly, so you can’t show the healing acceleration fist again and again.

	“Since we’re going to do this, I guess we’ll have to hit her with an attack she can’t avoid.”

	What I have is less than Rose’s physical ability, less than Rose’s reflexes, less than Rose’s amount of magic power, and Falga-sama’s gauntlet and the techniques that apply them. And also Nea’s magic.

	The first half of…… was so miserable that I almost fell apart, but this is my current situation, so I can’t help it.

	“What it lacks in strength, it makes up for in other strengths. Nea, I’m going to do something pretty crazy now, will you follow me?”

	“What are you talking about crazy now?”

	Nea, on my shoulder, raises her wings in dismay.

	“I’m your familiar. If you want to do this, I’ll go along with you as much as you want.”

	“Thank you. Let’s go, then.”

	Preparing myself, I turned my gaze toward Rose.

	“What? You give up?”

	I chuckled and held up my fist to Rose, who said it as if it was a joke.

	“Huh? You still don’t know me, do you? I’m a very competitive person, Leader.”

	“……!”

	“That’s why, no matter how strong you are, I’ll always get up and fight you.”

	Rose’s eyes widened.

	She showed slight agitation, but in the next moment, she let out a smile.

	“Ah, that’s why. I’ve been convinced of this for a long time now…… Well, I’m glad it was you who found me that day.”

	Rose muttered quietly and lowered her hand, the expression underneath it was a fierce smile that was somewhat happy, yet even scared.

	“Show it to me, Usato. I’ll beat your full strength head on.”

	“Then I’ll go beyond it.”

	I activated my Healing Acceleration Fist from my right arm held as if I were drawing a bow, and used rocket-like acceleration to flesh Rose out in one fell swoop.

	“Healing Acceleration Fist!”

	I slammed I fist straight into Rose with all the acceleration I could muster, but she defended me with her arm.

	But this time this punch is different!

	I immediately burst the magic from my fist and pulled my arm back at high speed with the momentum, I burst the magic from my elbow as before and slammed my fist into Rose again.

	Rose’s smile grew even stronger as she flicked her right fist with her arm, almost without pause.

	“If you can’t do it fast enough, can you do it with your hands? That’s fine. I’ll take you up on it.”

	“Ooooooh!”

	Rose moved back as she dealt with the fist, and I accelerated and slammed my fist forward without sparing any magic power consumption.

	Still, her guard doesn’t waver in the slightest.

	“Not… yet……!”

	This is a series of attacks without pausing for breath that can only be made successful by accelerating the magic power in two stages: drawing the fist and slamming it.

	If I had to name it, I’d call it the Healing Rapid Strike Fist.

	It’s a terrible technique that can be used in conjunction with Nea’s restraint magic to put the opponent in a state of intermittent restraint, but the cost is great: a large amount of magic power and a large load on the right arm that is being overworked.

	“Not yet!”

	I accelerated the gauntlet further and swung my fist.

	My right arm screams from the strain of the movement and fatigue, but I didn’t care about that and moved forward, slamming my right fist into it.

	I’m not stopping yet……!

	There’s no way I’m going to stop!

	A broken arm or a torn muscle is no reason for me to stop!

	“Not yet!”

	At this moment, I have to show it!

	I have to show you how much I’ve grown!

	I’ve been trained by you, and I’ve come back stronger than ever!

	You can say that it’s ridiculous to get serious in a mock battle, but it’s okay! This battle means a lot more to me than a mock battle!

	“It’s not over yet! It can’t end!”

	Every time I shook my fist, it brought back memories of my training with Rose so far.

	It was tough.

	It was hard enough to kill me.

	I might have died once before I even knew it.

	It was already an unbelievable hell.

	However, it gave me a reason to be in this world, as I was confused about what to do in this other world.

	They gave me a place to stay called the Rescue Squad.

	I was able to make strong and trustworthy friends.

	I was just an ordinary high school boy with a competitive streak, but I was able to grow up to this point because of my mentor, you.

	So, that’s why I…

	“In order to repay that debt of gratitude!”

	I slammed my right fist, which had been accelerated with all my might, into Rose’s arm as if to scoop it up and break her guard.

	“!”

	“Here!”

	I burst magic power from my fist and pulled it back faster than Rose can move.

	Finally, I pried her guard open! The only thing left to do was to strike the body that seemed so far away!

	I let out a roar and unleashed an accelerated fist with a burst of magic power!

	“Oraa!”

	A fist at top speed.

	But just before it hits Rose, her hand, which reacts with unusual speed, grabs my wrist.

	“That was close, but—–“

	“No, not yet!”

	I haven’t shown her everything I’ve got!

	I put my left arm on the gauntlet and shouted with all my might.

	“Accelerate the punch!”

	This is the true blow!

	I unleash all the remaining magical power in my body from my fist at once!

	“Healing Punch!”

	“Wha—-“

	The moment a dull sound like a cannon sounded from my fist, Rose’s body retreated backwards with great force.



	I’ve been looking at Rose, who has retreated, gouging the ground with the residue of healing magic from her abdomen, and I fall to my knees, exhausted and lacking in magic power.

	“………Hu- haah haah, I finally… dealt a blow…”

	I’m not sure if it’s because I made her behave unreasonably, but my entire right arm is in extreme pain.

	I don’t have the magic power to use healing magic, so I hold my shoulder with my left hand and endure the pain.

	“I got most of my magic power from the restraint spell, too. Rather than…… a technique that only thinks about beating up an opponent like that with a gauntlet, it’s not even close to being gruesome……”

	“Hahaha, guess I have to seal this, just like the Continuous Fist technique”

	I replied to Nea’s words without effort, and looked at Rose fearfully.

	She puts her hand on the part of the fist that was directly hit by the Continous Fist and looks down silently.

	“Hey, hey, Usato. I’m kind of scared.”

	“That’s odd, I’m scared too.”

	Is it possible that I’ve offended her?

	Is it because I used a physical technique that has nothing to do with healing magic? No, wait, it was an accident, it was never my intention—–

	“Ku-ha-ha-ha!”

	“”Huh?””

	Rose suddenly burst into laughter, and Nea and I let out a pathetic scream.

	While brushing her hair up, she looked up and shifted her gaze to her own palm as if she was deeply moved.

	“Who would’ve thought that I’ve been attacked. I haven’t been hit since……”him”?”

	Him? Who the hell is that?

	What kind of monster would be able to hurt a human-sized space monster like this?

	“……Ugh.”

	“Oh, no, Usato!”

	My vision wobbles.

	I was so weak that I couldn’t tell if it was the intense pain running through my right arm or the lack of magic power, and I almost collapsed on the spot —– but just before I fell to the ground, Rose supported my body.

	“Seriously, it seems that the lack of forethought has not changed over the years.”

	Rose muttered in a dumbfounded, yet somewhat happy tone of voice, and cast a healing spell on me.

	In my fading consciousness, I made eye contact with Rose who was looking down at me.

	“Usato. You’ve become stronger. You’ve surpassed even my expectations.”

	“–“

	I couldn’t get the words out.

	I can still speak, but I don’t know how to put these feelings into words.

	Not caring that I couldn’t say anything anymore, Rose continued to speak.

	“You’ve done well to get this far. You are a full-fledged healing magician that I recognize.”

	After hearing that much, my consciousness fades away.

	Rose was saying something else to me, but I couldn’t catch it all.

	But one thing I do know is that I am truly recognized as a healing magician of the Rescue Squad.

	“—Huh!”

	“Oh, you’re finally awake.”

	When I woke up from my consciousness, the sky was already the colour of sunset.

	The first thing I saw was the familiar ceiling of my room and the orange light coming in from outside. At any rate, I looked around and noticed that Amako was looking into my face with concern.

	“Usato looks so normal when he’s sleeping, doesn’t he?”

	“Wait a minute, don’t make it sound as if I look weird when I’m not sleeping.”

	How can she say to someone who wakes up from sleep?

	I felt half the shock of being hit by Rose hit me in my spirit.

	For now, I should wake up and check my physical condition. Thanks to Rose’s healing magic, all the pain and fatigue in my body have been cured.

	My magic hasn’t fully recovered yet, but I can walk well enough.

	“What happened after that?”

	“Nea was resting in her room, and Flana went back to the castle with a somewhat enlightened look on her…… face, and then Rose said she was going to the Leader’s office to talk to Usato later.”

	Flana-san…… No, I won’t say it.

	Anyway, the Leader’s office. After that mock battle, maybe it’s important to talk about it.

	……Oh, that’s right. Speaking of important talk,……

	“Amako, I might have to go to Lukvis in the near future……”

	Discussions in Shikoku, including the Kingdom of Lingle.

	Lukvis was chosen as the place for that meeting, and that I might be heading there.

	Hearing this, Amako put her hand on her chin and thought about it, as if pondering a bit.

	“I’d like to follow you, but we’re going to have an important discussion at……, so it’s probably best if I don’t go.”

	“I’ll ask if you can come with me when that discussion comes up. I’m sure Kiriha and the others would love to meet you.”

	Well, I still don’t know if I’m going to get that offer or not.

	I’m not sure if I’ll ever get the chance, but I think it’s quite likely. At any rate, I gave Samaria a letter as an emissary, so it wouldn’t be surprising if he ordered me to accompany him as a bridge to the meeting.

	“Hey, Usato.”

	“Hmm?”

	“How was your fight with Rose?”

	……My fight with Rose, huh?

	I crossed my arms as if thinking for a moment, then said what I was thinking.

	“I’m still not as good as the Leader. I feel frustrated, but I’m also a little…… happy because my master is even more amazing than I imagined.”

	I can say with certainty that Rose was completely responsive to my attacks from start to finish.

	The last blow I applied was only equivalent to a surprise attack, but I don’t think the same technique will work anymore.

	“I’ll have to train harder……”

	It was nice to be recognized by Rose as a full-fledged fighter.

	But now that I’ve reaffirmed the magnitude of my goal of strength, I feel like ‘I need to work even harder’.

	“How can you say that after a match like that? Well, it’s just like Usato to be like that.”

	“Hahaha, what’s so typical of me?”

	Was I being too stoic?

	Laughing at Amako’s words, I shifted my gaze to the scenery outside, which was slowly beginning to darken.

	Today had been a short, yet very long day for me.

	In my first head-to-head fight with Rose, I was able to find out what I was missing and how to fight in a new way.

	To tell the truth, I was fighting with a lot of fear, but I can say that this fight was very meaningful for me.




