	“Usato-kun, Kazuki-kun. It’s gonna happen for ‘a moment’, so don’t miss it.”

	“Yes?”

	After saying that, senpai turned her body towards the black target and took a stabbing stance with the wooden sword she had left at hand beforehand, and gushed the magic of lightning into her body.

	As soon as the atmosphere in the training hall changed, the figure of senpai disappeared with a violent lightning.

	[Huh?]

	The next time I heard someone’s voice, the change had happened.

	The first change was that the wooden sword pierced the target, which was supposed to be strengthened, with a strong sound.

	But there was no sign of her, and as soon as the powerful sound of electric shocks resounded again, all the wooden swords that had been stuck in front of the black target disappeared, and in the next moment, several wooden swords were stuck in the target, leaving behind a residue of lightning that burned it to a crisp.

	“—Yes! It’s a success!”

	Sliding on the ground, senpai appeared in front of us, and when she saw the still-burned target, she looked at us with a smug expression on her face and snapped her fingers.

	The next moment, a powerful lightning bolt was released from the ten wooden swords, and in almost an instant, the black target was reduced to charcoal.

	“……”

	And just like that.

	It’s too gruesome for words.

	Eh? Moving at very high speed, thrusting a wooden sword, internal discharge?

	What is that? How can you come up with such a technique?

	“This is the 10 thunderbolt thrust……!”

	And she even came up with a really cool name for the technique.

	I can forgive you just for that technique name.

	I really respect you.

	However, the people around me were not only unimpressed, but also seemed to be speechless at the sight of senpai’s outrageous series of attacks.

	As if she didn’t care about such gazes, senpai came back to us and tapped Kazuki on the shoulder.

	“Kazuki-kun, take care of the next one.”

	“……Yes, I’ve been entrusted.”

	She swapped places with Kazuki and moved up next to me, talking to me in a good mood.

	“What do you think? It was only for a moment, wasn’t it?”

	“Yes, as expected of you. It was very cool.”

	“Hmm, you can praise me more. The more you praise me, the more I’ll grow.”

	“……”

	“No comment?!”

	I looked past senpai and over to Kazuki.

	Just as he was standing in front of the target next to the one senpai had turned into charcoal, he was increasing his own light system’s magic power.

	“Senpai did something so spectacular. Then I’ll have to do something as great as…… you!”

	More than ten magic bullets flew out from both of Kazuki’s palms and floated up into the air.

	This is the first time I’ve ever seen such a thing.

	Not only the delegates, but also the people from the academy who deal with magic gasped at Kazuki’s extraordinary manipulation of magic power without hesitation.

	“My power is dangerous. But it can be handled in any way you want!”

	The moment Kazuki raises his hand, the magic bullet is fixed in midair with a snap.

	“Pierce the target!”

	The magic bullets shot out with high speed rotation with Kazuki’s command, penetrate the target as if they hit tofu.

	But it doesn’t end there.

	The magic bullet does not disappear even after it penetrates the target, and it floats up into the air again.

	“It’s unfinished, but I’m going to strengthen the system!”

	The magic bullets that floated up into the air coalesced and transformed into a spear-like shape.

	Seeing the spear stopping in midair while emitting a divine glow, Kazuki, who had raised his palm, lowered his hand.

	The spear, which had fallen in synchronization with Kazuki’s hand movements, pierced the target and burst with an intense light.

	There was nothing left behind, only a gaping crater of sorts.

	“……”

	Just like with senpai, everyone here was in a state of shock.

	It’s no wonder, since the target, which would certainly have been strengthened more than the last time, has been destroyed twice in a row.

	But in Kazuki’s case, it’s not just the charcoal that’s gone.

	Both senpai and kazuki are too gory, but I think they’re as good as it gets…

	Now that I think about it, after this, I have to unleash my Rengeki Fist.

	…In these circumstances, I think it’s a good idea for me to make some changes.





Chapter 171

	TL Note: I’ve changed the Healing Continuous Fist to Healing Rengeki Fist because there’s just too many meanings to the word rengeki IMO.





* * *



	With the mock battle on the way, the two heroes, Kazuki and I, were going to demonstrate our abilities and Usato’s technique, the healing Rengeki fist that defeated the leader of the Demon King’s Second Army.

	I used a wooden sword to strike the target with a super-continuous attack, and at the end of the attack, the lightning magic contained in the sword burned the target to the core.

	Kazuki attacked with a series of magic bullets from his masterful magic manipulation, completely annihilating the target.

	Both of them were overly powerful and easily destroyed the target, which was supposed to have been strengthened since the last time.

	After me and Kazuki-kun, it was Usato-kun’s technique, the Healing Rengeki Fist, which in some ways must be of equal or greater interest to us.

	“Usato, do your best!”

	“Yeah, I’ll try somehow.”

	After exchanging high-fives with Kazuki’s raised hand, Usato made his way to the third and final target.

	…I mean, I should have high-fived you too!

	I was so happy with the success of the technique that the thought completely escaped my mind……!

	“Healing Rengeki Fist, huh?”

	“I’ve only heard the principle of the technique from Usato, but…… I couldn’t quite picture it. Now we can finally see it!”

	As I lined up with Kazuki-kun, who had returned here, I thought about the Healing Rengeki fist.

	Last night, when I asked him to explain this technique to me at the inn, he replied, “This is not appropriate magic for a rescue squad.” It’s a crazy move that involves striking an opponent over and over again with the impact created by an outburst of magic while in close contact with them.

	And since the shock wave is released while the fist is squeezed, the impact will be immeasurable.

	When I listened to him, I knew that the technique was certainly not one that should be aimed at humans.

	“But to put it another way,…… he was such a good opponent that you had to use it.”

	“Yes…… Usato also said something like he didn’t want to use it as much as possible.”

	The second legionary commander of the demon king’s army, Koga Dingal.

	Black Knight…… No, a demon race that deals with the same dark strain as Ferrum.

	A person who has the same physical built as Usato-kun and is evenly matched with him is surely an opponent that me and Kazuki-kun would have a hard time dealing with.

	While I was lost in thought, Usato-kun started his preparatory exercises.

	“Welshy-san, are there three targets in total?”

	“No, I’ve prepared five in total, just in case. However, one of them has been ruined…… and is no longer usable.”

	“Oh, why?”

	“Before you arrived, Prince Kyle mistook it for a training target and fired magic at it. The target itself is unharmed, just sooty and dirty, but we’re lowering it in case there’s some sort of flaw.”

	“I see……”

	If it’s Prince Kyle…… I think he could do it.

	Or rather, he’d hit the target with magic while Princess Naia was out of sight.

	That’s going to piss her off……

	“But Usato seems to be taking an awfully far away distance.”

	“Ah, you’re right”

	The distance that Kazuki and I were in front of the target was about ten meters, but Usato-kun was looking at the black target as if he was staring at it from about thirty meters away.

	Is he going to make a run for it?

	“What is that healing magician trying to do?”

	“!…… Prince Kyle.”

	I turned at the voice from behind me to see Prince Kyle approaching casually.

	He immediately looked at Princess Naia and bowed his head apologetically, as if he had come too soon to be stopped by her.

	“This is a skill that he explained so exaggeratedly at the meeting. I wanted to see it with my own eyes as closely as possible. Do you mind if I take a look from here?”

	“……No, as you wish.”

	“I don’t mind either.”

	Unlike Kazuki, who responded with a smiling face, I was a bit dismissive.

	I was not in the mood to welcome him, because he looked like he was going to yell at him if his technique was not good enough.

	“He’s doing prep work to try to destroy that thing with his bare hands? Even my magic couldn’t scratch that thing……”

	“Haha, Usato will be fine. I can vouch for his abilities.”

	“Oh, I see……”

	As expected of Kazuki-kun who replied cheerfully, Prince Kyle averted his gaze somewhat awkwardly.

	I’m sure he was confused by the straightforward words of the man with the maximum trust in Usato-kun.

	“It’s not that I doubt the words of the hero, but I still don’t believe in that healing something fist. I don’t know what it means, and the principle of the outburst of systemic enhancement that my sister told me about is too messed up.”

	I can’t help but understand that feeling.

	The technique of daring to unleash systemic enhancement…… I named it systemic breaking for now, but it is a very dangerous technique.

	If you were to use it in the flesh, your hand would explode, and you’re doing it without a care in the world, even though you have a gauntlet… His skills must be in the same “unexplored territory of magician” as mine and Kazuki’s, right?

	[Let’s do this…]

	“Usato took a stance……”

	“!”

	Kazuki’s voice brought me back as I looked at Usato-kun.

	He had deployed his gauntlet that covered all the gaps in his right arm and was poised to draw it.

	Everyone in the training area, as well as me, paid attention to Usato-kun’s behaviour.

	The moment he slowly brought his stance forward, he accelerated without warning with the sound of something popping.

	“He’s gone!”

	Prince Kyle seemed to have lost sight of him, but I, who was specialized in speed due to my lightning beast mode, could see his movements.

	At the moment he started running, magic power erupted from his gauntlet that he had pulled back, and he accelerated rapidly.

	Perhaps it was the healing rengeki fist that he had mentioned in the morning training.

	He did it with every step he took on the ground, reaching the black target at an unusually fast speed.

	“Healing Rengeki Fist!”

	He shouted, and as he passed the target, he slammed his fist, which was made even faster by the Rengeki fist, into the part of the target that hit the upper half of the body—at that moment, the target burst into pieces, and his fist was swept away without any resistance.

	“—Hah!”

	He skidded to a stop on the ground and turned back to the target, letting out a dismayed cry.

	The black target that had been struck by his healing fist was…… blown to pieces as if the upper half of its body had exploded, leaving it a hideous sight.

	“You’re still surprising me……”

	“Wow, Usato, you’re amazing!

	“Warrior Chief, what’s a healing magician again……?”

	“My eyes did not deceive me. Hahaha!”

	“I didn’t doubt you, but this is too much……”

	The people of Samaria, Nirvarna, and Calm Helio were all shocked by the sheer power of the healing strikes.

	The students, perhaps because of their previous reputation, were saying things like, “It’s back and it’s worse!”

	“Wait, what? That’s not healing magic. I dont think it’s even considered a healing magic factor…”

	Prince Kyle, who was watching nearby, also seemed to be confused.

	But in a way, Kazuki and I had expected this to happen, so we felt proud.

	“Healing Rengeki Fist. I didn’t expect it to be such an incredibly powerful technique.”

	“As well as the name of the technique, I guess. But that wasn’t how you explained it yesterday, was it?”

	“Oh, by the way, it was supposed to be a technique that strikes an outburst of magic power repeatedly at close range, but…… that looks a little different.”

	As I said so, Usato-kun comes back to me with a somewhat awkward expression.

	But he’s holding the remains of a black target, what’s wrong with that?

	He was sweating profusely and approached Welshy, who was letting her mind wander.

	“Welshy-san…… excuse me.”

	“……Y-yes! I’m sorry, I was being absent minded. Um, why are you apologizing?”

	“That was not a healing rengeki fist.”

	“””What?”””

	Me, Kazuki-kun, and Welshy’s questioning voices leaked out.

	Seeing his reaction, Usato’s face turns even paler, and Welshy-san asks.

	“……What does that mean?”

	“I mean it’s…… true, isn’t it? I was thinking of hitting the black target with an accelerated state and then using Healing Rengeki fist upon impact. But the target was softer…… than I had imagined, and it didn’t seem to be able to withstand it, and it almost broke with just one blow, so I don’t know if I can call it a…… Rengeki fist……”

	“……”

	“Welshy-san?”

	Oh no! Welshy’s about to turn white!

	I hurriedly put my hand on her shoulder to bring her back to herself, then followed up.

	“Welsey! Fortunately, the target was still there, right? We can just use that to do it again!”

	“……Huh! Yes, that’s right! It’s still okay, it’s fine. It shouldn’t interfere with the progress……! You can do your best……!”

	After saying that to convince herself, she once again speaks to Usato-san.

	“You’re sure that wasn’t a healing rengeki fist, right, Usato?”

	“Yes, it wasn’t. I thought it was a good opportunity to unleash a serious technique, and if I were to show it, I thought to do it with all my might……”

	“Oh, you haven’t gone all out……”

	Certainly, looking at the technique he had just used, he would rarely be able to use it in battle.

	Now that he’s mentioned, he wasn’t being serious this whole time?

	“But I didn’t think that I would be able to create something like a new technique unintentionally.”

	“New technique? The technique you just used?”

	“It’s a high speed move using Healing Rengeki fist to enter the stomach at once, slam the fist, and hit the magic outburst at the same time as the impact…… If I were to name it,……”

	Putting his hand on his chin, Usato-kun pondered for a few seconds before opening his mouth with a look of pride.

	“A one-hit healing punch. ‘The third form of Healing Fist, Instant Fist’ aka Healing Shungeki Ken…… or something like that?”

	“!”

	Wait, it’s an inner technique, a form, and it’s filled with many other elements.

	I can’t forgive Usato-kun just because of the cool name of the technique!

	But then again I have no idea what I can’t forgive about him though!

	“So it’s basically a different version of the Healing Rengeki Fist.”

	“Next time, I’m not going to rearrange it. I don’t want to cause any trouble for Welshy-san, after all.”

	Usato-kun nodded at Kazuki-kun’s words.

	However, how could he easily destroy the enhanced target with a technique that he had created by accident?

	For the grown ups like me and Kazuki-kun, using magic can make you feel soft, but the breakage caused by Usato-kun’s technique isn’t like magic, but it could be said that he was forced to explode by his arm strength.

	…At any rate, I’m looking forward to seeing what a real healing Rengeki fist looks like.

	A few minutes later, a spare black target was set up, and Welshy informed everyone in the training hall that he was going to demonstrate the healing Rengeki fist again!

	He moved in front of the target once again, and unlike last time, he approached the target without taking any distance.

	As declared, this time he seemed to move directly to the healing fist without any assistance.

	“……Alright.”

	Taking a small deep breath, he grabbed the shoulder part of the black target with his left hand and lightly placed the part covered by the gauntlet on his abdomen.

	He put his left foot forward and lowered his hips, his eyes as sharp as a hawk.

	The people in the training area were quiet as well.

	“Healing Rengeki fist!”

	At the moment when Usato-kun muttered, a sound as if something was going to burst from the gauntlet that was closely attached to the target.

	It seems that the impact from the outburst of magic power is not an ordinary one, and the target has been cracked by just one blow.

	It’s not the end of the story, however, as he fixed the target, which was about to be blown away, firmly with his left hand, and then, with his head down, he relentlessly struck the target with an outburst of magical power.

	“I see, defensive penetration by a series of blows concentrated on a single point. So that’s what you call a Healing Rengeki fist.”

	“Certainly, with a technique like that, even a demon race wouldn’t be able to get away with it……”

	“……”

	Prince Kyle, who is near me and Kazuki-kun, seems unable to utter a word.

	The Healing Rengeki Fist was a powerful move, but the Healing Instant Fist is even more so!

	When the seventh impact struck the target and split it in half, Usato-kun finally lowered his right fist.

	The target that had been hit by the seventh impact was still better than the first one, but it had still turned into a cruel sight. The whole thing was covered with cracks, and the part that had been impacted all the time was not even in its original form.

	What can I say, it was a shocking technique in many ways.

	In the still silent training area, Usato-kun comes back to us, scratching his cheek as if in trouble.

	“Phew, I’m glad my magic power held up. I should practice adjusting the amount of magic power or something after all.”

	“Usato-kun.”

	“Hmm, what is it?”

	But, but.

	As well as the fact that he had beaten Prince Kyle’s courage, I was most happy that he had grown up and felt that he was fighting alongside me and Kazuki-kun.

	That’s why I, as a senpai and his friend, would like to send you some words of encouragement.

	“After all, you are a man who will never betray my expectations!”

	“Huh? Oh, thank you?”

	He’s embarrassed! That Usato-kun?

	Fufu, if that’s case, I’m going to try and make a good impression……

	“With Usato, we’re a hundred times strong! Wait, maybe even a thousand!”

	“……Huh.”

	Why are you sighing there, Usato-kun?……!





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Excerpt from chapter 168.

	“As expected, I won’t make a technique worse than the Healing Rengeki Fist just because I reopened it.”

	It’s only been a day, but it was Usato who immediately came up with a badass move.

	About the Instant Fist.

	I’m sure you’ve heard of it.

	I’ve been thinking about it since I wrote……, but I think I’m going to jump as a reaction to hitting the ground soon……





Chapter 172

	I thought I knew exactly what I had done.

	It is completely my fault that I made unnecessary arrangements and performed a new technique that I didn’t expect, and I knew that I would get that kind of reaction from the audience when I performed the Healing Rengeki Fist.

	“……”

	Having consumed a lot of magic power in the earlier demonstration, I sat down on a chair in a resting area prepared in one of the training grounds and rested my body while watching the exchange games of the various kingdoms.

	“3rd form.”

	It didn’t matter if I was influenced by the atmosphere of the place or not.

	Healing Blink Fist, a one-hit, head-on healing punch.

	Thinking about it again, if the target hadn’t been broken by this technique, I could have continued with the Rengeki Fist. It’s a big burden on the amount of magic power, but this technique must not be directed at living things either.

	As I was wondering how Nea would react if she knew, a voice called out from behind me in the rest area.

	“Usato, I’m here.”

	“Hmm? Amako?”

	“Yes.”

	Amako came to visit me, probably to watch the exchange game.

	She sat down next to me and spoke to me with a subtle expression on her face.

	“……What can I say, Usato is a person who weaves techniques out of instinct. Earlier, to put it mildly, I don’t think that’s a technique that should be used by a human, let alone a magician.”

	“It’s that severe……”

	Amako, who sat down next to me, put her hood back on and turned to me.

	“Kiriha and the others were surprised, too.”

	“How did they react?”

	“Exclamation. I mean, I think that’s the reaction of most people who saw it.”

	I knew it.

	I’ve been avoided when I’ve been here before, but now it looks like I won’t even be able to attract people.

	“In case you’re wondering, Suzune and Kazuki were words of “awesome! and cool!””

	“Well, their techniques were cool. So yeah.”

	Senpai’s ten thunderbolt thrusts were menacing but super cool, and Kazuki’s precise manipulation of magic using light magic was stunningly brilliant.

	I nodded my head as I recalled their techniques, and then I asked Amako one thing that caught my attention.

	“What about me, by the way?”

	“Dangerous, scary, frightening—-“

	“Don’t say anything else. My heart can’t take it.”

	“I don’t think that’s unreasonable. Unlike Suzune and Kazuki, Usato’s physical impression is too strong.”

	It’s this difference in treatment.

	Didn’t this, in a way, instill a false perception of healing magic?

	“Speaking of which, where are Suzune and Kazuki?”

	“They’re playing an exchange game. They’re each playing hand-to-hand with representatives from other countries.”

	Kazuki is interacting with the knights of the Kingdom of Calm Helio, and senpai is interacting with the sky-blue knights of the Kingdom of Samaria through hand-to-hand combat in different formats.

	In particular, I was intrigued by the movements of the sky-blue knights guarding Lucas-sama and Eva, with whom senpai is currently engaged in a mock battle.

	How should I put it, there was no waste in their movements? They showed no signs of wavering, even in a battle where they were forced to fight in close quarters.

	If you can fight against senpai, even if it’s many against one, you can’t doubt their abilities—-

	[Everyone~, do your best!]

	[H-Hime-sama is watching uusss!]

	[[[OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!]]

	[Uee?! The electric shocks are dispersed and coming right at us!?]

	“……”

	In a formation of shoulder-to-shoulder contact, the girls bravely head towards senpai while dispersing the power of the electric shock, emitting a tremendous spirit.

	Looking in the same direction as me, Amako looks at me with a subtle expression.

	“……Hey, Usato. Those people are……”

	“They’re people who fight in unity, bound by a firm vow. Let’s put it that way.”

	“……Uh-huh.”

	At times, spunk and perseverance can be a better weapon than anything else……

	So, it’s amazing that they are able to take the blitz of senpai and charge at them.

	Is that it? Is the emphasis on protection and durability to protect Eva? Samaria is a country that knows about magic, so maybe that sky-blue armor has special powers.

	After thinking that much and checking my physical condition once more, I slowly sat up.

	“Well then.”

	“Are you going?”

	“Yeah, as expected, I can’t just sit around and do nothing during an important exchange game.”

	I’m also here as a representative of the Rescue Squad.

	I need to get involved with the people of the other kingdoms, even if it’s just a little bit.

	“Also, I have to learn what the people I’m going to fight with are wearing and what their armor looks like.”

	My mission is to save those who are injured on the battlefield.

	If I make even a split-second mistake in judging friend or foe, I’ll end up letting lives die that could have been saved.

	……I don’t want to have that experience again. So I have to do what I can now so that I don’t regret it when it happens.

	I leave Amako and enter the training ground where the exchange is taking place.

	As I was doing some light preparatory exercises, I saw Hyde-san watching a mock battle between warriors who seemed to be his subordinates and the knights of the Lingle Kingdom.

	Noticing my appearance, Hyde-san calls out to me in a friendly manner as usual.

	“Oh, Usato. Are you feeling okay already?”

	“Yes, I can’t say that I’m fully recovered, but I’m starting to feel more comfortable with my magic.”

	“I see. But don’t overdo it. You’re important to us, too.”

	I was surprised by Hyde-san’s words, which showed his trust in me, and by extension, in the rescue squad.

	What can I say, he’s a person who throws straightforward words at me in a good way.

	“The knights of the Lingle Kingdom are all very well-grained. Perhaps it’s because they’ve gained experience fighting the Demon King’s army, but they’re more than equal to the people in the troops I’m leading.”

	Hearing Hyde-san’s words, I turn my attention to the battle between the knights of the Lingle Kingdom and the warriors of the Nirvarna Kingdom.

	The knights fighting flexibly as if complementing each other, and the warriors shouting and fighting wildly but powerfully.

	The battles seemed to show the characteristics of each kingdom, and as Hyde-san said, they certainly seemed to be competing against each other.

	“It was the right decision to come to this meeting.”

	“What?”

	“It’s true that I was able to give my subordinates a good experience, but above all, I was able to confirm the abilities of the heroes and the rumoured rescue squad. That’s already more than enough for me.”

	Looking at the exchange game, Hyde-san muttered to himself.

	……It would be a shame for me too to waste this opportunity.

	I bowed my head to Hyde-san, who was standing next to me, to ask for a favour.

	“Um,…… Hyde-san, would you mind if I asked for a mock battle with you?”

	“……what?”

	“Oh, no, no, if you can’t, you can refuse……”

	“No, you’re more than welcome, but…… you’re not in the best of shape, are you?”

	T-That’s a relief. He’s accepted……

	As Hyde-san said, I’ve consumed a lot of magic power, so I’m far from my best in that respect.

	But the physical and mental aspects are fine.

	Besides—

	“If I miss the opportunity to have a mock battle with Hyde-san now, I’m going to regret it a lot later……”

	“……Hahahaha! I see, if that’s the reason, I can’t help it! Okay, let’s do it!”

	He laughed happily without paying attention to his surroundings, and after tapping my shoulder forcefully, he told his subordinate, Helena-san, who was waiting near him, that he was going to have a mock battle with me.

	“Helena, I’ll fight him now. It’ll only be for a little while, but I’m counting on you to do the rest.”

	“Wait, wait a minute. I’ve been listening to you talk, but please don’t get too heated, okay? You’re really out of control when you get carried away.”

	“Don’t worry about it. Who do you think I am?”

	“I don’t understand why you’re so confident……”

	Helena-san’s shoulders slumped, and I felt kind of bad for offering him a hand-to-hand match.

	It’s not a good thing that I did, even if she was willing to accept it.

	Even though he is originally a warrior chief, he is a representative of the country, and I had asked him to fight.

	“Still,……”

	That’s more than enough to make it worth doing.

	Maybe, but Hyde-san will fight a battle that is heavy on technique, not easily surpassed by brute force, like Leona-san of Mia Rak.

	But that’s fine.

	It’s not a matter of winning or losing, it’s what I can get out of this that’s important to me.

	“Well, I suppose I should use the armor from the training grounds……”

	We move to an area that no one is using, but Hyde-san only has a circular shield in his hand that he rents out at the training grounds.

	Doesn’t he use a weapon? As I was wondering if he was going to use a weapon, he put on ochre-colored magic power and swung his right foot up and slammed it powerfully into the ground.

	While I was surprised by his sudden action, something like a handle came flying out of the ground in front of Hyde-san.

	“Ehh!”

	“Here we go…”

	Hyde-san pulled the handle out of the ground in front of him.

	The tip of the hilt then turned into a blade, which transformed into a spear-like shape.

	“What, it’s just a special earth-based magic. It’s a simple magic that allows you to strike magic power into the ground and manipulate its shape and strength to a certain extent. Oh, and of course, it has a blade pull.”

	I-Is it the same as using magic to make weapons like Leona-san does……

	Perhaps it is basic for skilled people like Leona-san and Hyde-san to change the shape of their magic and use it in battle?

	After regripping the spear in his hand to check its condition, Hyde smiled at me, still surprised.

	“What you want is to fight with me, who is familiar with all kinds of weapons, right? Then I thought it would be better if I used my magic.”

	“You went that far for me……”

	“It doesn’t matter if you’re from a different country or what kind of magic you have, if you have a strong will and want to be strong, I will always show you the way. That’s my role as a leader.”

	After saying that, Hyde-san held up his shield.

	“I’m already prepared, but what about you?”

	“I’m ready to start, too.”

	I unfolded my gauntlet and took up a stance as usual.

	I can’t use the magic-consuming Healing Rengeki fist much. If that’s the case, I can revert my fighting style back to what it was before.

	As I pay attention to Hyde-san’s movements while creating a healing magic bullet in my right palm, I see him swinging his right hand with a spear in a big swing in my field of vision.

	“Nnnn!”

	“Huh!”

	He threw the spear at me!

	I was taken aback by the sudden attack, but I leaned my body to avoid it, and this time he held up his shield and rushed at me.

	It’s not a small thing, but the impact is not insignificant.

	The impact was not small, but it still prevented the attack itself.

	From here to the healing punch—-

	“You’re still inferior in physical ability! Then how about this!”

	Hyde-san pushes his shield into the ground and stomps his foot, “Dang! He stomped his foot, grabbed the handle that came out of the ground, and swung it up from below.

	I barely avoid it, but my heart goes cold when I see the weapon that appears.

	“An axe……!”

	I couldn’t see it because it was hidden by his shield!

	Almost a seamless weapon creation! Even though it was still not in its full potential, the battle strategy was too irregular!

	“You’re not paying enough attention to your feet.”

	“Ah shi——-“

	The moment I was distracted by the axe, the kick that Hyde-san released hit me directly in the leg.

	He took advantage of this and slammed his shield into my torso, and then lifted me up and threw me away with great force.

	“What the!”

	I adjust my stance in midair and unleash a healing flying fist.

	I’m not sure if he was expecting me to attack while being thrown away, but Hyde-san held his shield in surprise.

	A high-pitched metallic sound echoed as the healing fist struck the shield.

	“Hahaha, that’s intense……!”

	The healing flying fist was spotted at the first sight……!?

	While trying to keep my composure, I tried to approach Hyde-san as soon as I landed.

	In response to me, he threw his circular shield to the ground and created a new sword with magic.

	“Come on, come on!”

	“Yes!”



	Two weapons, one with an axe and the other with a sword.

	It seemed unbalanced, but it was extremely troublesome simply because he had twice the number of moves.

	“Jump into a blind spot without hitting each other badly……!”

	After activating my healing Rengeki fist once and accelerating all at once, I deflected the sword in Hyde-san’s left hand with my gauntlet and then slammed the palm bottom of my left hand that was covered with healing magic.

	“Hah!”

	The bottom of my palm is blocked by the handle of his axe before it hits, but I still push Hyde-san’s body out of the way with all my might.

	The sword Hyde-san was holding was released from his hand due to the impact, and stabbed into the ground in front of me.

	“……!”

	He retreats lightly, and I feel a faint touch on him.

	It was a palm strike, but it must have been somewhat powerful. Then, while I’m at it, I’ll follow up with—-

	“There’s something I’ve learned from my time with you.”

	“……”

	“I’m sure you have the ability to compete with the young heroes.”

	With a downcast look on his face, Hyde-san throws away his recessed axe.

	Now unarmed, he slowly rises from his kneeling position, a grim expression on his face.

	“But you see, for better or worse, you only focus on the person you’re fighting. You still do.”

	The moment he uttered this, I noticed a trace of magic emanating from the sword that had just been thrust in front of me.

	When I noticed it, it was too late, and something like a cylinder came up from the ground at my abdomen with tremendous force.

	He manipulated the ground with the magic in his sword? How is that possible?!?

	“……!”

	Caught off guard, I give up on evasion and put my gauntlet on the defensive.

	As I prepared for impact, I strained my abdomen and the column stopped just before hitting me.

	“……It stopped?”

	No, Hyde-san stopped it……

	It was a completely unconscious attack.

	If he has earth magic, I should have been able to assume……, but I couldn’t because, as Hyde-san said, I was only concentrating on his movements and not on my surroundings.

	When I was depressed and feeling sorry for myself, Hyde-san walked over to me with his big toe and spoke to me after taking a big breath.

	“Usato! You’re strong! Extremely so!”

	“What? T-thank you so muchh!”

	I couldn’t help but thank him loudly as well.

	Hyde-san nodded in satisfaction at my reply.

	“But you have by far the least interpersonal experience with a magician. Or should I say, in your case, you have had some interpersonal experience, but the person you were dealing with was too extreme?”

	“……”

	Maybe so.

	Thinking back, I feel like most of the people I fought had a special fighting style.

	Like Karon-san in his runaway state, he just let his arm strength and huge amount of magic power do the work, and it didn’t have anything to do with technique.

	“Some magicians are good at remotely activating them, as you just did, and some are good at laying them out from a distance. Perhaps now you will always have to be on your toes when dealing with them.”

	“……Yes.”

	“Keep an open mind. That’s one of the things you’re lacking. You’re paying too much attention to your opponent’s movements and not enough to the rest. In the hand-to-hand combat just now, you were so focused on my weapon that you didn’t pay attention to your feet, or you were so focused on me moving you back that you didn’t notice the sword with the magic in it.”

	Hyde-san’s words reminded me of the injuries I had sustained in the fight with Koga.

	The attack where I was pierced in three places at the same time: my shoulder, stomach and leg.

	I had been too distracted by Koga’s movements, and I had received that attack as well.

	“Well, it’s good that I spoke so highly of you. I was also easily dealt a blow. It’s not cool at all.”

	[Warrior Chief! It’s very uncool to hit a teenager by surprise-!]

	“You’re so annoying! I know that better than anyone.”

	I’m not sure if she was watching us play, but Helena-san was shouting at us, and Hyde-san shouted back.

	She said I was hit by a blow, but it was well defended, and I wouldn’t call it a blow like that.

	I was rather curious to see how strong Hyde-san was when he got serious.

	Considering that he was skilled in using a wide variety of weapons, and could also fight using the terrain due to the earth system, he seemed to be quite strong.

	“Well, well. Looks like we still have some time, do you want to continue?”

	“Of course.”

	I nodded strongly at Hyde’s words as he picked up his shield and created a halberd from the dirt.

	I’m finding things that I couldn’t see before, things that I was lacking.

	In the beginning, I was worried about a lot of things, but I’m glad I came to this meeting, I think from the bottom of my heart.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Hyde was a magician of the earth system.

	If you think about it, it’s a useful magic that can be applied in many ways, such as breaking down the opponent’s foothold or even restraining them.





Chapter 173

	Today’s exchange game was a very fruitful event for me.

	Through the hand-to-hand combat with Hyde-san, I was able to learn what I was lacking and how to deal with various weapons, which clarified my issues for the future.

	I also met with the knights of the Kingdom of Calm Helio and the sky-blue knights of Samaria, but as I expected, each of them had their own unique fighting style, and I learned a lot from them when I met them.

	The night after the exchange match.

	After dinner and a meeting of sorts, I lay down on my bed at the inn and thought about what was said in the meeting earlier.

	“So the meeting will be over tomorrow, huh?”

	If nothing happens, the meeting will end tomorrow.

	If there were any obstacles or conflicts, the meeting would have been extended by a few days, but since the sense of crisis against the Demon King’s Army in each kingdom was higher than expected, and Lucas-sama assisted in making the meeting go smoothly, it looks like we’ll be able to finish the meeting earlier than expected.

	In a situation where the Demon King’s army could attack at any time, it was desirable for us to be able to finish the talks quickly.

	As I was thinking about this, the door to my room was suddenly knocked on.

	“……hmm? Is it Kazuki?”

	Or is it senpai? No, it can’t be. If it’s her, she’ll be shouting, “U-SA-TO~KUN!” like some primary school trip where you barge into your friend’s dorm.

	Tilting my head, I put my hand on the doorknob of the room and opened it.

	“Hey, Usato. I’m here to play.”

	A person who was too unexpected appeared in front of me, and I reflexively closed the door and slapped my cheeks hard.

	What was that? Was I dreaming? I felt like Lucas-sama came to my room dressed in a rough outfit.

	I even heard an auditory hallucination that he was here to play.

	After taking a deep breath, I slowly opened the door and saw Lucas-sama with a big smile on his face……

	“Hey, Usato! I’m here to play!”

	“What are you doing here, you……?”

	Lucas-sama smiles at me like a child who has successfully pulled off a prank.

	“This is a traditional technique that only royalty is allowed to do, it’s called a ‘secret surprise’.”

	“There is no such traditional technique!”

	“Oops, don’t worry! I’ve brought my own guards with me.”

	I don’t think that’s the point.

	Why is this person so carefree?

	No, thanks to Lucas-sama, the meeting is proceeding without a hitch, which I’m really grateful for.

	“Speaking of which, how’s Eva doing?”

	“Oh, if it’s her……”

	As I tilted my head, I could hear the conversation in the hallway through the open door.

	[Good evening! Suzune-san! Let’s deepen our friendship!]

	[Ueeeeee!?]

	“She’s playing with Suzune right now.”

	“Oh, I see.”

	Why is it that I can easily imagine senpai being purified by Eva’s innocence?

	At any rate, I invite Lucas-sama into the room while inwardly sending a cheer to senpai, who will be pushed around by Eva, and Eva, who is trying to get along with senpai.

	“Please, come this way.”

	“Hahaha, there’s no need to be so awed. I’m the one who barged in.”

	“No, even without that, you’re a king……”

	I pull the table and chairs out to the center of the room and encourage Lucas-sama to sit in the chair I’ve prepared.

	I decline as well, then sit down in the chair across the table from him.

	“First of all, let me give you my thoughts on today’s exchange game. To put it simply, I’m relieved to see that you’re still the same.”

	“I don’t think……”

	No, I am the same as ever.

	In the past, in front of Lucas-sama, I subdued a few knights with healing magic bullets with my bare hands, and even though it was my first kill and with Nea’s assistance, I sank Fegnis-san, the strongest knight in the kingdom.

	“The reason I came to visit you today is because I wanted to discuss something with you.”

	“If you want to talk, you can come…… during the day.”

	“It’s a little more complicated than that on this one. I can’t do it in the presence of uninvolved people.”

	Can’t do it in the presence of uninvolved people…… So you’re saying this is about me?

	The only things that come to mind are the curse of Samaria, the previous heroes, or Eva.

	And then there’s…… Fegnis.

	“You may have a few things in mind, but what I want to talk about is Fegnis.”

	“……What’s he doing now?”

	“He’s in jail. He’s calmed down more than he did after the incident, but he still won’t open his mouth.”

	In jail, huh?

	It’s not hard to see why, considering what he’s done……, but the look on Lucas-san’s face as he talks about it is somewhat sad.

	“Indeed he has committed a crime. Even though he knew about the existence of the curse, he overlooked Eliza’s disappearance, and to top it off, he sacrificed Eva and tried to bind you to Samaria.”

	“Yes.”

	For Samaria’s sake.

	That was Fegnis-san’s purpose.

	But I, too, was on a serious mission, and more importantly, I didn’t want Eva to be sacrificed, so I destroyed what he had protected and freed the souls of those who had been cursed and bound for hundreds of years.

	“I certainly shouldn’t allow that. But at the same time, I still consider that guy to be a friend.”

	“……”

	“Even if he betrayed me or cheated me, I can’t change the memory of how he helped me to rule my country.”

	I thought it at the time, but Lucas-sama and Fegnis-san were really best friends.

	That’s why, while I was shocked at the fact that he betrayed hhim, I couldn’t help but hate him somehow.

	“Usato. I’d like to ask you who was involved at that time. Can I forgive…… that guy, Fegnis?”

	It’s not an easy question to answer, so after pondering for a while, I chose my words as best I could and replied.

	“If I may say so, he had his own beliefs. No matter how twisted his means may be, I’m sure that what he was trying to do was not for personal gain, but for the sake of the people of Samaria. That’s why I think you should exchange words with each other…… regardless of whether you forgive or not.”

	It is too irresponsible to say that they should just talk and make up.

	Even if Lucas-sama forgave Fegnis-san for his actions, the people around him might not. But even so, nothing can start until we talk about it.

	I haven’t forgiven him for sacrificing Eva, but if he wants to take the right path after talking with Lucas-sama, I’ll accept his decision without saying a word.

	“Yes, you’re exactly right. The truth is, I should have known it myself, but I just couldn’t bring myself to act on it…… Maybe I just wanted you to give me a push, you know?”

	“Oh, from me?”

	“Yeah, after all, only a limited number of people know the whole story of that incident. I wanted to hear your answer, since you know everything.”

	As if a weight had been lifted from his shoulders, Lucas-sama smiled and leaned back against the backrest.

	“As a matter of fact, I told Eva the same thing you did.”

	“What did she say?”

	“[What does Father think?] That’s what she said to me. She didn’t hold a grudge against Fegnis from the beginning. No matter how little it is, but there’s more to him now than that.”

	Well, that might be true.

	Eva now has access to the outside world that she was not allowed to know for over a decade. Everything she sees may be full of things she doesn’t know, so it should be so much fun that she won’t have time to hold a grudge against anyone.

	In the first place, I couldn’t imagine her, a kind-hearted person, resenting people at all.

	“It was worth it to sneak out and come here, wasn’t it?”

	“What do you mean by ‘worthwhile’?…… I didn’t say anything clever……”

	“No, you didn’t. I’ve been talking to you as a friend, and it’s given me the courage to step forward.”

	……Before Fegnis-san was thrown in jail, was Lucas-samas consulting with him?

	If so, I’m glad I was able to help him, though I’m not sure I can replace him.

	“Well, I’m sure you’ll be restless if I stay too long. I’d better get going.”

	“Ah, yes.”

	Lucas-sama sat up, and I stood up as well.

	Probably, after the meeting is over tomorrow, all the kingdoms will be busy preparing for the battle against the Demon King’s army. Samaria, which lacks a key member of the knight order named Fegnis-san, will be especially busy.

	“Lucas-sama. If there’s anything I can do, I’ll help you as much as I can, so don’t overreact–“

	“Yes, then you can take over for me—“

	“When you’re ready to leave, please start from here!”

	I had a feeling that the conversation was going to get complicated, so I stood up first and walked up to the door of the room and put my hand on the door.

	He said it in a very light-hearted way, but his eyes were serious……! Seriously, I can’t let my guard down……!

	I pulled the door open, breaking out in a cold sweat, just in time to see Eva holding up her hand as if she was about to knock.

	“U-Usato-san,……”

	“Ah, aah, Eva. You’ve come to call Lucas-sama, right?”

	“Y-yes.”

	Suddenly our eyes met, and Eva and I stepped back a bit, looking away.

	Then, senpai who may have come with her, held her mouth and shivered as if shocked.

	“D-Don’t tell me this is the kind of event where your eyes unintentionally meet when you open the door and you’re both embarrassed……?”

	I’m sorry. She spoke so fast that I couldn’t catch half of it.

	I regained my composure thanks to senpai and moved to the side to allow Lucas-sama to pass.

	“Eva. I’m going home first, what do you want to do?”

	“Well, can I stay at Suzune-san’s place?”

	What, at senpai’s place?

	I quickly looked at her and she gave me a thumbs up with a fresh smile.

	However, if you look closely, you can see that her knees are trembling.

	What on earth could be making her so shaky?

	Or did Welshy-san give her permission? No, she’s surprisingly careless, so I’m sure she would have given me permission before coming here.

	“Yeah, I don’t mind. Suzune, take care of this girl for me.”

	“Yes. But I think you should have an escort, just in case……”

	“Ah, no need to worry then. They’re lurking in a position where they can protect Eva at any time.”

	When you say “they”, do you mean the sky-blue knights?

	They’re hiding in a position where they can protect……

	I casually look around and find a few figures peeking at me from around the corner.

	[Princess has a second friend after Usato…!]

	[Don’t cry! We are the princess’s bodyguards……!]

	[You can’t protect the Princess with tear-stained eyes……! Hold on, me!]

	I don’t think they’re hiding when I can see some of them from the corner. I thought they were suspicious because they weren’t wearing any armour, but from the faint sound of his voice I could immediately tell they were the knight in Eva’s guard.

	I wondered if he had noticed my appearance and was lurking. Lucas-sama, who had shifted his gaze to the escort, nodded as if to say that he would leave the rest to me.

	“That’s what I’m saying. Usato, you don’t have to worry about the escort.”

	“Oh, I see……”

	“Eva. I’ll send someone to pick you up tomorrow before the meeting starts. Have fun, but make sure you don’t bother Usato and the others.”

	“Yes!”

	She replied happily, and Lucas-sama nodded in satisfaction, then left with another guard who had been waiting nearby.

	“Usato-kun, what are you going to do now?”

	“Uhhh, what I’m going to do is go back to the…… room.”

	“No, no, no, no, the long-awaited Eva is in front of you now.”

	It’s true, though.

	As I was wondering what to do, Eva, who had been watching our exchange, called out to me.

	“Um, if it’s not too much trouble. I’d like to hear about your travels and stuff!”

	“Travel stories, huh? There’s no shortage of topics to talk about, I like that. How about you, senpai?”

	“I don’t mind at all. Oh, let’s invite Kazuki-kun, too. The more people we can talk to, the more fun it will be.”

	Then let’s go call Kazuki. At this hour, I don’t think he’s asleep yet.

	With that in mind, after inviting Eva and senpai into the room, I went to call Kazuki.

	I was thinking that it’s not a bad idea to get together like this to deepen our friendship.





Chapter 174

	I feel like I had a lively time last night.

	Eva was going to stay in senpai’s room, so the four of us, plus Kazuki, decided to talk about our trip until it was time to go to bed, but it turned out to be quite noisy.

	Senpai had to deal with Eva’s outbursts of “Suzune-san is such a fun person!” or “You know a lot of difficult words!” from Eva’s mouth, she would react as if she was being blown away by nothing.

	Kazuki and I watched them interacting with each other and laughed smilingly despite our dismay.

	I hope that the time we spent together, me, Kazuki and senpai, will be a good memory for Eva.

	And now, as we were about to witness the third meeting, we were facing the end of it.

	“–This concludes the meeting of the four kingdoms. To the representatives of Samaria Kingdom, Nirvarna Kingdom, and Calm Helio Kingdom, thank you very much for attending the meeting……”

	The end of the meeting.

	It means that the four kingdoms present here have been able to fully cooperate with each other through the discussion.

	……Battles are always frightening, but it is always reassuring to have someone to fight with and help you. In addition, as a healing magician of the Rescue Squad, I am quietly prepared to not let the lives of those who fight with me be lost.

	After Welshy-san’s words, the meeting ended and was dismissed on the spot, but everyone didn’t go out immediately, but instead exchanged a kind of farewell greeting with their respective representatives.

	“So, Usato. We may meet again soon, but please take care of us then.”

	“Likewise, I look forward to working with you, Hyde-san.”

	I exchanged a few words with Hyde-san, who spoke to me first, and then we shook hands.

	Although it was only for a short time, I learnt a lot from this person. I will continue to train myself so that I can make good use of it in the future.

	I made up my mind as I watched Hyde-san turn his back to me and leave with a wave of his hand.

	“Hey, healing magician.”

	“Yes?”

	The one who approached me was Prince Kyle of the Kingdom of Calm Helio.

	He looked at me with a grumpy expression, but Princess Naia, who was standing next to him, slammed her elbow into his side and let out a distracted scream.

	“Oh, sister! What are you doing all of a sudden?”

	“No, I thought I’d preempt you before you do something rude.”

	“This is absurd! I haven’t done anything yet!”

	“……yet?”

	“Uhh, Princess Naia, we’ll get to that……”

	I admonished Princess Naia, who tilted her head and lowered her voice.

	This unfamiliar irrationality reminds me of Rose, but in her case, I guess it’s limited to her brother, Prince Kyle.

	“I’m sorry you had to see that.”

	“No, no, I don’t mind it……”

	On the other hand, I could say that I was used to it by now.

	“We, the royal family, cannot go to the battlefield, but we sincerely hope for the victory of the Lingle Kingdom and the safety of Suzune-sama, Kazuki-sama, and Usato-sama.”

	“Thank you very much.”

	“……Actually, when I came here, I was a little anxious to see Suzune-sama and Kazuki-sama, the two heroes, and Usato-sama, the rescue squad.”

	“Is that so?”

	“Eh? It’s impossible for sister to be anxious…”

	She elbowed Prince Kyle again, who was about to say something, and turned her attention back to us.

	“Rumours are just that, rumours. It doesn’t matter how famous they are or how many compliments they receive, you can’t know their character or true nature until you meet them.”

	“I see……”

	I’m not a factual to rootless article……, but rather a handsome, aristocratic-looking altered sketch that’s been circulating.

	I can’t help but feel uneasy.

	“Usato-sama, in particular, seemed like a very scary person at first, but when I looked at him up close, I could see that he was forcing himself to look scary, so I quickly changed my perception of him.”

	“Oh, you knew that?”

	“Yes, I did. Kyle didn’t notice it at all, though.”

	It seemed that Princess Naia knew that I had deliberately put on a scary expression.

	Now that she knows, it’s kind of embarrassing.

	……Hmm? So Princess Naia knew when I unintentionally glared at Prince Kyle during the meeting……?

	“When all is said and done, please come and visit us at Calm Helio. We’ll do our best to make you feel welcome.”

	With that, Princess Naia smiled and turned to Prince Kyle who was standing next to her.

	“Kyle. You have something to say, don’t you?”

	“……Yeah.”

	Prince Kyle, who had taken a step forward while paying attention to Princess Naia, spoke with the same sullen expression on his face.

	“Hey, healing magici–…… No, Usato! You’re a mess for sure! I’m not even sure if you’re human anymore, but I’ll leave it at that for now!”

	For me personally, I’d rather they just leave it there……

	Glancing once at Princess Naia, he continues to speak.

	“I’m not going to let you beat me!”

	“……A-about what?”

	“I’m not going to lose to you because of my magic, my pride, or anything else I have as a prince!”

	“U-huh……”

	For some reason, the rivalry was ignited.

	I think Prince Kyle and I compete in too many different fields, but I wonder if it’s uncouth to say that.

	“That’s all I have to say! Don’t die before I beat you! See ya!”

	With that, Prince Kyle left without waiting for Princess Naia.

	The remaining girl sighed as she watched Prince Kyle leave as if running away.

	“I see that he’s finally turned his attention to something other than pleasure. I hope this will help him grow up a bit…… I’m sorry about my brother until the very end. Now, I look forward to seeing you again.”

	With that, Princess Naia left the scene, following Prince Kyle.

	Maybe it was just my imagination, but her words and actions when she mentioned Prince Kyle seemed to be somewhat kind.

	“I guess it’s his sister after all.”

	I had heard from Princess Naia the other day that she didn’t dislike Prince Kyle, but she too seemed to be concerned about his reckless behaviour.

	I’m an only child, so I don’t know if that’s how siblings are supposed to be.

	……Now that we’ve exchanged words with Hyde-san, Princess Naia, and Prince Kyle, let’s go to Lucas-sama for the last time.

	“Last but not least…… Where is Lucas-sama……?”

	“I’m here.”

	I turned around at the sound of Lucas-sama’s voice approaching from behind me and quickly bowed my head.

	“Lucas-sama. I’m sorry. I was going to ask you from here……”

	“Haha, don’t worry about it. I was going to ask you before the other delegates got together with you, but, well, you’ve become quite popular.”

	“I’m more of an icon than a popular person, though……”

	Lucas-sama laughs happily, and I twitch a smile. It’s not that I’m a popular person, it’s just that I’m kind of an idiot.

	There were many things that I did too flamboyantly in this meeting.

	However, in hindsight, I think it was excessive, but it was enough to show the rescue squad’s ability as healing magicians.

	If I had shown off my abilities half-heartedly on that occasion, they would not have believed in my abilities as a healing magician of the Rescue Squad. When I’m running on the battlefield, they might not have asked for my help.

	“I don’t have to tell you, the Kingdom of Samaria will do everything in its power to help you. I also have something to protect. In order to not lose that again, we must do something about the threatening Demon King’s army.”

	“……Lucas-sama.”

	I nodded to Lucas-sama who said that with a serious expression.

	“I’ve already told Suzune and Kazuki this, but don’t die.”

	“……Yes.”

	“Because you are the man who will eventually follow in my footsteps.”

	“Yeah…… wait a minute that’s different!”

	When I look up, I see Lucas-sama with an evil smile on his face, and a sky-blue knight behind him, pointing something that looks like a magic tool at me.

	“Okay, I took it! Did you get it?”

	“Of course! Lucas-sama!”

	“Well done!”

	I was momentarily taken aback by Lucas-sama and the sky-blue knight giving me a thumbs-up, but the next moment, the magic tool played an exchange between Lucas-sama and me, and I immediately came back to myself.

	I-Is this a recording tool?!

	No, no, no, no! I know that Samaria is a kingdom that is known for making magic tools, but can they even make something like that?

	“Oops, Usato. I’ve prepared this for the meeting, so don’t destroy it. Of course, I’ve got permission from Welshey-san!”

	“You’ve conspired, haven’t you?”

	“I meant what I said to you, and I meant it! But since you seem to be in a hurry to die if you don’t do this, I’ve created a reason why you should survive at all costs!…… The rest is just insurance to push you into a corner in case of emergency.”

	The words and actions themselves were very flattering, but the fact that I heard him say “to push me into a corner” in a very low voice ruined it for me.

	I didn’t know what to do, so I couldn’t move. Lucas-sama flipped his palm and left with a big smile on his face, along with his knight escort.

	“I’m getting into a lot of trouble at the end of the day……”

	Should I consider that I have more reasons to leave alive, or did I give Lucas-sama a nasty hand……?

	Well, I can’t be mad at him because I know he was thinking of me.

	But I’ll definitely do something about that recording someday……!

	After the meeting in the four kingdoms, we went with Welshey-san to the headmaster’s office where Gladys-san, the headmaster of Lukvis Academy, was.

	Gladys-san seemed to have been busy during the meeting, so we were finally able to meet her today after the meeting. At a seat at a large table in the headmaster’s office, the headmaster was sitting and looking around at us as if she was somewhat nostalgic.

	“It’s only been a few months, but each of you has grown so much.”

	“Dean Gladys, did you also watch the exchange game the other day?”

	“Of course. Suzune wore magic power, Kazuki excelled in magic manipulation, and Usato was a little…… unclear, but it was immediately clear that each of you had grown much more than before.”

	Why am I the only one who you don’t understand?

	As I tilted my head, Welshy-san nodded her head in agreement and spoke to Gladys-san.

	“Usato-sama’s techniques are not as easy to understand as those who are familiar with magic, so it’s not unreasonable.”

	“Indeed, Usato’s technique was incredible for a magician right?”

	“Yes. It’s something you can’t imitate, just like me and Kazuki-kun.”

	“Yes, it is.”

	……Are we agreeing on something now? And Gladys-san is the one pulling these strings!

	I know you’re referring to the application of the outburst of systemic enhancement, but to me, Kazuki and senpai’s technology seems more amazing……

	“And anyway, I’m glad the meeting went well, aren’t you?”

	“Yes, I am. Now we can also concentrate on preparing for the battle against the Demon Lord’s army.”

	Now that the talks are over, tomorrow we’ll be going back to the Lingle Kingdom.

	When that happens, we have to prepare for the battle against the Demon King’s army, which could come at any time.

	“We, Lukvis, will assist you as much as we can when the battle occurs. At any rate, the threat of the Demon King’s army is not only for the Lingle Kingdom, but also for this place……”

	Lukvis is a city located in the neighbouring country of Lingle Kingdom.

	If the Lingle Kingdom is defeated and taken over by the Demon King’s Army, the Demon King’s Army’s next point of attack will be directed at Lukvis.

	No matter how good the kingdom is at magic, it can’t even fight in Lukvis, where the percentage of children is higher.

	“Lukvis will be responsible for carrying and delivering supplies from the allied kingdoms. In that case, we will organize the supplies to be sent and send them through Hoot Bird, so you can leave it to us.”

	“Thank you. As a matter of fact, I have other things that I need to get around to, so this is very helpful. One thing I was wondering about……, do you evacuate the students who live here in case of a battle?”

	“Yes. In the event of war, students will be evacuated or sent back to their parents’ homes. Still, we teachers have to protect this place because for some of the children, there are reasons why they can’t leave or they have nowhere to go. There’s no guarantee that the demons that got separated during the battle won’t attack us for supplies.”

	You never know what might happen in a battle against the Demon Lord’s army.

	The opponent is not a target like the one we faced the other day, but a living, breathing creature that thinks and acts properly. So, it’s not surprising that they would act in unexpected ways.

	As I was nodding to Gladys-san’s words, she suddenly remembered something and called out to me with an expression on her face.

	“Usato, how is Nack doing at the Rescue Squad?”

	I thought for a moment why Gladys-san, but Nack is also a former student here.

	It was not surprising that she would be concerned about him.

	I was surprised, but I told her about him.

	“If it’s Nack, he’s doing well. He’s probably being trained by our Leader right now. Hahaha.”

	“Is he fine……?”

	“Hahaha, it’s totally fine. The Leader also takes it easy on Nack, you know.”

	As you can see, Nack is still a child, so he can’t train at the level of me and the others, so Nack is trained at a few levels lower than us.

	Me in the beginning? There was no holding back.

	“I’m relieved he’s doing so well. I couldn’t do anything for him when I was in Lukvis……”

	“As I recall, you couldn’t intervene because of the nobility issues, right?”

	“Yes.”

	Gladys-san nodded at senpai’s words.

	This is a place that, unlike other kingdoms, is built on the support of nobles and influential people, so the teachers could not intervene in the affairs of the nobles Nack and Meena.

	If the school side were to cause a problem, it would develop into a credibility problem, so Gladys-san probably couldn’t even offer Nack a helping hand.

	“But you don’t have to worry about that anymore. ‘I’m leaving the academy’, he was much more grown up when he visited here than he was before. He still is, isn’t he?”

	“Of course he has. In fact, I’m sure he’ll grow even more from now on.”

	His life as a rescue squad had only just begun.

	There will certainly be more rigorous training ahead, but I am confident that he will be able to overcome it.

	Gladys-san smiled reassuringly at my words.

	“Nack has grown a lot, but there’s another girl who’s growing just as much as he is.”

	“Is that Halfa-san?”

	“You could say that Halfa is too, but this is a different girl.”

	Another girl?

	If it’s not Halfa-san, then no, Halfa-san said something about that girl the other day.

	“Is it Meena, by any chance?”

	“Yes. Meena Liasia is also striving for a new goal right now, after her match with Nack.”

	“I heard from Halfa-san that she had a change of heart as well……”

	I can’t imagine what her impression was back then, but if Gladys-san and Halfa-san are like that, it must mean that the girl is really making an effort.

	Even at…… I was curious as to why Meena was making the effort.

	Is she simply preparing to fight the reunited Nack, as Nack talked about in the rescue squad, or is she genuinely pursuing strength?

	I’d like to hear what she has to say if I get the chance, though I’m sure she’d give me a very unpleasant look the moment she sees me.





Chapter 175

	After visiting Gladys-san, I decided to take a quick stroll around the city of Lukvis with Amako, who joined us later.

	I’ve been training and meeting with people all day and haven’t had any free time, so I thought it would be nice to take a break and enjoy the city of Lukvis.

	“How are Suzune and Kazuki doing?”

	“Kazuki’s off to check out the Great Library, while senpai is playing with Eva.”

	Kazuki seemed to have some books that he was interested in.

	Before the meeting, I took a quick look at the books in the grand library, and they all seemed to be difficult.

	There were all kinds of thought-provoking titles like “Getting to the Root of Magic” and “Lost Technology, Gained Peace”.

	I don’t read technical books, so I think it’s great that I can accumulate knowledge while having fun.

	“Is Suzune with Eva?”

	“Yes. We’re going back to our respective countries tomorrow, so she came to say hello one last time. We’ve got some time, so we decided to have tea and go.”

	“Heh.”

	I was invited too, but I had promised to walk around the city with Amako first, so I prioritized this.

	I was glad that Eva got along well with senpai. Being the same age and a girl, they would have different things to talk about.

	Senpai was also damaged by Eva’s innocence, but she seemed to be enjoying herself. So, I guess it’s okay.

	“How did it go for you?”

	“I’ve been…… having a normal day. I helped Kiriha with the housework, took care of Satsuki, and woke up Kyou when he didn’t wake up in the middle of the day.”

	“I- I see……”

	I can’t help but understand Kyou’s desire to coast through his days off.

	Sometimes when school’s not in session, I tend to sleep until midday. Then, in the afternoon, you realize that you’ve wasted half your day off and regret it, and that’s the sequence of events.

	“It was kind of a normal life, but it was fun.”

	“That’s good to hear. It was a good decision to leave it to Kiriha and the others, after all.”

	“Yes, it was…… Hmm?”

	“……What’s up?”

	I look in a certain direction and notice Amako, who is worried about something.

	I follow her gaze as she looks at the end of the alley with a somewhat surprised expression on her face, and it’s a place I remember too.

	“So this is where you and Nack first met……”

	The square at the end of the alley where he had fallen wounded.

	There, a girl was practicing her magic.

	Meena, a girl with bright red hair in twin tails, noticed me on the street and gave me a disgusted look, as if she had encountered a demon.

	“Usato. Is that the face that looks like you’ve encountered an ogre in the city?”

	“Amako, first of all, let me tell you that there are no ogres in the city, okay?”

	“?”

	“Why are you looking at me and tilting your head?”

	Are you trying to tell me that I’m the Ogre himself, Oi.

	While I was doubly shocked, I noticed a grim-faced Meena beckoning to us.

	To be honest, I was expecting her to avoid us if she saw our faces, so I was a little surprised and headed with Amako to the square where she was.

	“……”

	“……”

	However, when we finally got to Meena’s side, we couldn’t start a conversation.

	She was twirling the ends of her own hair and glancing at me, but there was no sign of her talking to me. Even if I wanted to talk to her, I didn’t know what to say.

	At any rate, I don’t have much contact with this girl to begin with.

	“Nack is doing well, right?”

	“! No, I didn’t hear that!”

	I tried to intervene, but was immediately rebuffed in a snippy manner.

	However, she did respond when she heard Nack’s name, so it wouldn’t be difficult to continue the conversation.

	“Well, anyway, do you remember me?”

	“A monster like you, how could I forget? Besides, you didn’t even move like a human yesterday.”

	“……about the exchange game?”

	“In the morning, I was fighting with the hero. It’s a mystery how you can accelerate in an unnatural position, and most of all it’s a mystery that you’re a healing magician doing it!”

	She’s quite direct, huh. What? Am I a mystery to you?

	And the little fox behind me, don’t agree in a small voice. It’s not “I understand. No, I totally do.”

	……I’ve been wondering about this for a while now, but there are traces of soot and a burning smell in the square we’re in. From this smell, did Meena use magic here?

	“You’ve been training here?”

	“……Is that bad?”

	“No, it’s not bad. But why here?”

	“I can’t use the training area I usually use, so I’m just using this place today.”

	“Oh, I see.”

	The exchange game was held yesterday at the training field, so it’s not usable right now because it’s in the middle of maintenance.

	I was wondering why they were training in such a small place, but it made sense.

	Now that I was satisfied with the situation, Meena started talking to me.

	“Nack said you’re doing well……”

	“Hmm? Oh.”

	“What did he say about me?”

	Is that what you wanted to hear,……?

	I’ll be honest with you, it’s about my impression of Nack.

	I’ll tell Meena what Nack had told me before we left Lukvis.

	“I heard that he’s not too bad with you.”

	“……He’s as sweet as ever. I wish he’ll just hate me.”

	Meena muttered with a somber look on her face.

	I questioned her words and actions, which were different from her previous image, and asked her what was bothering her.

	“Do you regret it? What you did to Nack?”

	“……”

	Meena falls silent.

	I heard Nack say something like, “It’s my fault for being so cautious,” but at least he didn’t seem to think so.

	If he didn’t, he wouldn’t have closed his mouth with such an expression.

	After about a dozen seconds of silence, Meena finally opened her mouth.

	“Come with me for a minute to talk.”

	“What? I don’t mind, but what do you want to talk about?”

	“It’s about Nack and me, and I know you’re wondering about it.”

	I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t curious, but what is……? It’s a bit abrupt, isn’t it?

	She sat down in a gymnastic position in the shade of a nearby tree, as if she was already planning to talk.

	“Did you hear that Nack and I were childhood friends?”

	“Yeah, Nack told me about it.”

	“Yeah. Then I guess I don’t have to explain why that guy was put in Lukvis.”

	Nack was originally supposed to be awakened to water magic, but instead he was awakened to healing magic.

	Because of that, he was treated coldly by his parents and was thrown out of the house and put into Lukvis, right?

	Looking back on it now, I think it’s a terrible story.

	“This is how it is now, but I used to play with Nack when I was little.”

	“I can’t imagine…… the relationship you have now?”

	“……Yeah. But I do remember that…… we had fun.”

	Surprisingly they’re quite close, huh.

	But when we first visited Lukvis, Nack, the guy we were supposed to be playing with, was in such a mess.

	Is there a reason for that too?

	“We used to be close enough to play together, but about a year before I entered Lukvis, I suddenly stopped seeing him.”

	“You can’t see him anymore?”

	“They wouldn’t let me see him at the mansion. His parents encourage me to play with his sister rather than him, and they treat him like he’s not there, which is…… creepy.”

	……Was he under house arrest?

	It’s pretty bad to say, but like putting a lid on something that stinks, maybe Nack’s parents were desperately trying to hide the fact that they didn’t have the powers they wanted.

	“Then I happened to overhear that Nack was going to be placed in Lukvis.”

	“……So you’re in Lukvis, too?”

	Meena nodded her head.

	The hand that grasped her dressing gown seemed to have more strength in it.

	“When I was sent to Lukvis Academy, Nack was like a…… shell. You can learn magic in the best environment at Lukvis Academy, but he just looked down and looked like it was the end of the world.”

	“That’s right, it’s like he was kicked out……”

	“It was only then that my father finally told me why Nack was put in Lukvis.”

	From Nack’s own point of view, there would have been no hope.

	“Still, I tried to talk to him many times, but he was scared of everything around him, even me. That was irresistible to me at the time, and I didn’t like it.”

	“You don’t like it?……”

	“Just because I woke up to healing magic doesn’t mean I did anything but just accept my current situation.”

	Maybe Nack had given up at that point.

	The moment his magic wasn’t water-based, he was treated coldly by his parents, who were the closest thing to him, and in the end, he was kicked out and sent to Lukvis all alone.

	At the age of just under ten, it is not surprising that he’s emotionally devastated.

	As I was thinking about this, Meena’s voice became a little hoarse, as if she remembered that time, and she continued to speak.

	“If you had made a solid effort in Lukvis, even healing magic would have been appreciated. I’m sure you’ll be able to find something that will help you. Even then…… Nack gave up on everything and didn’t even try to move on.”

	“You didn’t look down on healing magicians?”

	At least, that’s what Meena seemed to be when she was abusing Nack.

	My question made Meena shake her head.

	“For me, it didn’t matter if Nack was waking up to healing magic or not. I just wanted him to get up. But no matter how many times I tried to get him to do so, he just kept looking down and wouldn’t look at the hand I held out to him or ask for help from anyone. I couldn’t stand him, so I went to……”

	“……”

	“I got so irritated with Nack for not doing what I wanted that I started to get violent with him. Somewhere along the line, it became the norm for…… me, and even though it wasn’t really what I…… wanted to do, I found myself at a point where I couldn’t go back.”

	So that’s how you ended up in the situation where Nack was abused.

	Does that mean that what I was doing for the best of reasons at first gradually deviated from my purpose and became distorted?

	When I was silent, Meena smiled at me as if she was mocking herself.

	“There’s no way I can honestly apologize now. What I’ve done was so…… terrible.”

	……I wish I could give solid advice at times like this, but Nack and Meena’s relationship isn’t something that can be managed with advice that comes to mind on the spot.

	But even so, the reason why she announced that I would go to the Lingle Kingdom with Nack after graduating from the academy was probably because she wanted a reason to see him again.

	“So you’re saying you’re going to visit Nack in the Lingle Kingdom after graduation?”

	“You heard from Nack. Even…… has no other reason to show his face. Oh, there’s also a reason why I’m frustrated that I’m still losing to Nack, so I’ll meet him when I’m stronger.”

	“Yeah, I see……”

	Is it possible that you’re quite worried about being defeated by Nack?

	Even if you take that out, maybe this is her way of coming to terms with it, but I don’t know…

	“You’re clumsy, aren’t you?”

	“Shut up. I know that better than anyone.”

	I chuckle at Meena, who frowns and removes her gaze from me.

	I guess Meena was trying to move on, just like Nack was.

	As I was thinking this, she stood up, dropping the dirt and leaves, and opened her mouth without looking at me.

	“I feel a little better after talking to you, who had nothing to do with it.”

	“You talked to me because……”

	“If I told anyone in the school, they’d start weird rumours, so I thought you, an outsider, would be perfect.”

	I was surprised to find out that she was so easy to talk to…… What a gutsy kid she is in many ways.

	I may have misunderstood this girl.

	When I was training Nack, I thought she was a child who was abusing Nack for no reason, but there were some differences between the two of us before we got there.

	I’m not going to say anything too clever, but I’ll try to say what I can……

	I’m not sure if I’ve said everything I wanted to say, but I’m going to call out to her as she’s about to return to her training.

	“You can’t erase the things you’ve done to Nack.”

	“.”

	“But it should be different from now on.”

	I continue to speak to Meena, who shakes her shoulders slightly without looking at me.

	“You and Nack are still kids, and you have a long life ahead of you. If that’s the case, then I think it’s a good idea to take some time to come to terms with it.”

	The amount of time they had been at odds with each other was negligible. They should have more than enough time to make up for it.

	And unlike Fegnis, who committed the…… crime, Meena can still start over.

	Meena rolled her eyes at my words and smiled somewhat dismissively.

	“It’s true, master and disciple have similar sweet personalities, don’t they?”

	“Well, Nack is my apprentice, you know. It’s only natural for us to resemble each other.”

	I’ve often been told that I look like Rose too, though.

	Mainly in terms of mood and face.

	If you think about it, there is a possibility that Nack will eventually look like Rose……? No, I’ll try not to think about that.

	“Thanks, for sticking around to talk about it. And, I’ll let Nack know about this at……”

	“I know. I’ll keep it from him.”

	“Right. Well, I’m going to go back to my independent training at……”

	Relaxing her shoulders as if relieved, Meena turned her back on me and walked to the center of the square.

	I couldn’t stand in her way, so I left and went back the way I came.

	It was an unexpected encounter, but I think it turned out to be a good one.

	With that in mind, I turned down an alley and Amako tugged on the sleeve of my troupe uniform.

	“Hmm?”

	“Now Usato, your speech just now sounded like an uncle.”

	“Guha……!”

	The moment I turned around, a strong blow was struck from Amako with the weapon of words.

	I’ve been trying not to worry about it, but it’s not working……! What was that? “You’ve got a long life ahead of you”! What is a 17 year old telling a 5 year old girl about her life? Seriously.

	To be honest, halfway through the conversation with Meena, I had the urge to fall back on the spot.

	I regained my composure and spoke to Amako.

	“Well, well, what are you going to do after this?”

	“We’ll tell Nea and the others about it later.”

	“Okay, okay. What do you want? I’ll buy you anything you want.”

	“What? If you say so, I’ll indulge you.”

	Wow, what a dazzling smile.

	I’m almost crying from happiness at how strong you’ve become.

	As I was walking down the street, checking my hand, I saw a woman with light blue hair, Welshey-san, running towards me from the end of the street.

	“Hey Welshey-san?”

	“What’s going on?”

	Tilting our heads, Amako and I ran over to her.

	She had her hands on her knees and was breathing hard. She must have been running as fast as she could, because she was so out of breath that she couldn’t even speak.

	“W-Welshey-san, are you okay?”

	“T-This is bad……!”

	I cast a healing spell on Welshey-san, who seemed to be out of breath.

	This panic is not normal.

	I have a bad feeling about this, but Welshey-san, who had calmed down her breathing, spoke up with a grim expression.

	“We have just received a message from the Lingle Kingdom by Hoot Bird! They have confirmed a shadow that looks like a scouting party of the Demon King’s army near the border!”

	“Huh?”

	I couldn’t react to Welshey-san’s words for a while.

	What I remembered was the scenery of the battlefield filled with killing intent and fear.

	I have to run through that place again.

	I clenched my fist unconsciously, and Amako’s hand came to rest on mine. I quickly look at her, and she’s looking up at me as if she’s worried about my safety.

	Amako’s gaze makes me even more determined.

	“It’s starting all over again, isn’t it?”

	The end of my peaceful life.

	What comes next is a battle against the Demon King’s army —– a battlefield where death is a constant companion.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	After writing this story, I realized that Meena is a character that people like and dislike very differently.

	The story about Nack’s past and Meena’s relationship with him reflects a little more of the setting than the book version.

	Please don’t worry about this, it won’t affect the main story.

	Since this chapter is a kind of preparation period, there were no major battles involving life and death.

	Instead, the focus will be on the new characters and the ones who have reappeared.





Side Story

A strong man

	Author’s Note:

	And here it is!

	This time, it’s from Koga’s point of view.





* * *



	I’m ready to march.

	After receiving the news from my subordinates, I, with the title of Commander of the Second Legion, responded to the call from the Demon Lord.

	However, the only corps commanders who gathered were me and the newly appointed corps commander, a woman.

	“It looks like you’re ready to march.”

	“”Yes!””

	I kneeled down and bowed to the Demon Lord who sat on his throne and looked down at me.

	In front of this person, I feel like I’m not even a living being, but a being of a different rank.

	The Demon Lord then turned his gaze to the woman next to me with distinctive light purple hair.

	“Third Legion Commander Hanna Lohmia. You’ve just been appointed as the legion leader, is everything alright?”

	“Of course. I’m doing my best to fulfill the Demon Lord’s expectations in my role as legionnaire.”

	The person who answered that was a woman named Hanna Lohmia, who was appointed as the commander of the third legion to replace Amira.

	She was a soldier who had originally belonged to the Third Legion led by Armira, and she showed no signs of wavering even in the face of the Demon Lord.

	In the last battle, dozens of people set up a large-scale illusion to deceive the eyes of the human side, and in addition to taking 30% of the burden of the illusion, he went to the battlefield with a sword in his hand in a state of magical exhaustion, and survived almost unscathed.

	That outrageous behaviour seems to have caught the eye of the Demon Lord.

	“Then, shall I ask you to confirm the composition of our forces?”

	“Understood. Second corps commander, do you mind?”

	I nodded at Hanna’s words.

	I could do it myself, but I think it’s better to leave it to Hanna, who’s good at explaining things.

	“First of all, the foundation of the battle will be the infantry troops and the troops that will use the demons as a fighting force.”

	“As for demons, how many species can we use?”

	“The flying dragon wyvern. The Glow Wolf, a demon as ferocious as the Grand Grizzly. The demonic monsters created by Dr. Hulk, the Bardinak and their large individuals. In the rear troops–“

	Hanna explained the composition of the troops in a fluid manner.

	The Demon Lord, who had been listening to it silently, nodded one and put his hand on his chin.

	“As of now, the forces we can prepare can be said to be sufficient. If we want more strength than this, it will be a fetter on our side. Koga, Hanna, I’m amazed that you’ve been able to put together an army this far.”

	At the Demon Lord’s words, Hanna and I bowed our heads more deeply.

	What I’ve done is only to improve the overall quality of the soldiers and make them less likely to die on the battlefield. It was Hanna and Hulk who applied the demon to the battle.

	I did a lot more than that, but I think I did a good job.

	As I was feeling a sober sense of accomplishment inside, the Demon Lord opened his mouth to us without changing his expression.

	“As you know, I can’t move here.”

	“No, we demons are still alive thanks to the Demon Lord, so don’t worry about it.”

	I quietly replied to the Demon Lord’s words.

	The land where we, the demon race, live is decaying.

	There were few nutrients left in the soil that was supposed to grow crops, and the food we could eat was limited.

	We, the demon race, who live in such a land, could be said to have been in poverty until just a few years ago.

	However, that impoverishment has improved somewhat since the Demon Lord’s resurrection.

	“Originally, the demon race that was not supposed to be able to fight is now able to fight. That alone can be a reason for me to swear allegiance to you.”

	The Demon Lord who had been resurrected from the seal had applied his magic to the dying earth and brought blessings to it.

	It is because of this that the demon race has survived until now, but on the contrary, it has become a wedge that binds the Demon Lord to this place.

	In fact, as long as the Demon Lord is in this castle, the benefits will continue, but if he goes to war, the land inhabited by the demon race will return to the decaying land it was before.

	……Only the legion leader and the demon lord’s entourage are informed of this.

	Even though it is known that the earth is blessed by the Demon Lord’s grace, we can’t leak the information that the Demon Lord is stuck in the castle.

	“Right, huh. It’s a tough world, isn’t it? The only thing we can do is to see our compatriots off to battle. It’s a feeling I never experienced a few hundred years ago.”

	The expression on the Demon Lord’s face did not change as he said this, but the tone of his voice seemed to be full of melancholy.

	……Normally, the demon race should seek the cooperation of other races, especially humans, but the discriminatory mindset held by humans and the impression of the demon king’s army, which committed tyranny hundreds of years ago, will not allow that to happen.

	It’s as if the bill for their mutual avoidance and hatred of each other has now come due.

	This is why the demons chose the path of invasion. It’s not that they chose it, but rather that it was the only way left to them……

	“……We’ll prepare for the eventuality. You guys can fight and win as much as you want.”

	“”Ha!””

	I respond to the Demon Lord’s voice.

	From my point of view as the leader of the Demon Lord’s Second Army, there’s no doubt that the demon race is at the edge of a cliff.

	However, they are not inferior in terms of war potential.

	In fact, in terms of the abilities of individual demons and the quality of their soldiers, they overwhelmingly outperform the humans.

	[Shit! He dodged it.!]

	[Just get beaten up!]

	[Go ahead and pass out!]

	With the exception of that guy who just popped into my head, demons are basically superior to humans in terms of magic and physical ability.

	I’m not trying to be careless, but no matter how many people you have on your side, if you combine them with the power of the demons, you’re going to have the upper hand.

	And you don’t have to worry about the strength of your forces.

	At any rate, the strongest man in the Demon Lord’s army, excluding the Demon Lord himself, is———-

	“———You’re here.”

	“!”

	The moment the Demon Lord said that in a small voice, the large door behind him was quietly opened.

	When I turned around, there stood a man clad in tattered robes.

	He had bushy blond hair and stubble, the horns and brown skin characteristic of the demon race.

	A black armor is attached to his shoulders that can be seen through the gaps in the robe, and he is equipped with a longsword in a scabbard at his waist.

	I couldn’t tell who it was at first glance, but when I saw the sword, I realized who it was.

	“–Nero Argens, Commander of the First Legion. I know I’m late, but I’m here in person.”

	The man who kneeled in front of the Demon Lord, Nero Argens.

	He is a swordsman who is known as the strongest in the Demon Lord’s army, and until now, he had been forced to recuperate from his injuries before the war.

	After a moment of silence, the Demon Lord opened his mouth to Nero, who was meditating and quietly hanging his head.

	“Nero. Is your wound healed?”

	“My magic sword, its brilliance has not diminished. Now that I have reached a new level in my training, I vow to be your blade and cut through all obstacles.”

	The edge of the Demon Lord’s mouth twisted into a small smile at the quiet, yet powerful declaration.

	“Then there is no need for many words. You may go to the place where you are to fight and fulfill your sworn wish.”

	“As you wish.”

	He stood up and bowed deeply, then turned his back on the Demon Lord and walked back the way he came.

	Hanna is taken aback by what could be seen as disrespectful behaviour, but for me, the interaction between the Demon King and Nero is something different.

	Finally, the first three legion leaders are here.

	The First Legion Commander, Nero Argens.

	The second corps commander, me, Koga Dingal.

	Third Legionnaire, Hanna Lohmia.

	Although there were a few replacements and absences, the Demon King’s Army can finally go into battle at full strength.

	“Koga-kun, do you know about the wound of the First Legion Commander Nero Argens-san?”

	After the call to arms, I left the hall where the Demon Lord was, and I decided to meet old man Nero for the time being, so I followed him as he walked through the castle……, but Hanna, the Third Legion leader, somehow popped up.

	Her question, anyway, was met with a subtle expression at the way she called him.

	“Hey, why use the word “you”?”

	“We’re the same corps commander…… See, I’m older than you, right? Besides, we have the same position, so I thought we should get along.”

	“Oh, really?……?”

	I walked around the castle while being distracted by Hanna’s unique sense of distance.

	I feel like Amira was and still is only spitting venom at me, but I’m super surprised that she’s so different.

	“By scars, you mean old man Nero, right?”

	“Yes. I’ve heard that he was seriously injured before the Demon Lord’s resurrection and was recuperating, but the reason why he was injured so seriously has not been revealed.”

	First Legion Commander, Nero Argens.

	A warrior who had been active since before the Demon Lord’s revival.

	Is it understandable that I’m curious about the reason for such a serious injury to him?

	“Old man Nero was badly injured fighting against humans before the Demon Lord was revived.”

	“Against a human, that old man?”

	“In addition, the elite troops that the old man was leading were also wiped out, leaving only one…… disciple, Amira.”

	“……What did he fight?”

	“It’s a healing magician. From the Kingdom of Lingle.”

	Hearing this, Hanna’s face lit up with surprise.

	She must have been surprised to find someone she didn’t expect.

	I was gobsmacked when Amira told me about this.

	“I’m not sure if I know everything,……, but in that battle, old man Nero was badly injured in the right shoulder, and the other side’s healing magician lost one of her eyes…… so the battle ended in a draw.”

	“This healing magician is……”

	“I’m sure you’re thinking of a healing magician right now. It’s Rose of the Rescue Squad, infamous to the Demon Lord’s army.”

	Amira might know the story of that time, but that girl is stubbornly refusing to tell me anything more than that.

	The only people who know what happened at that place and what kind of battle took place are old man Nero himself, Amira, and the Demon Lord.

	“Even so, the old man is a monster enough without recuperating. At any rate, even I can’t stand him at all.”

	“I don’t doubt his ability. Even before the demon king’s resurrection, he was famous as a warrior with extraordinary strength……”

	After the demon king was resurrected, I had a chance to play hand-to-hand with old man who visited the castle once, and even though he wasn’t using his dominant hand, I was beaten to a pulp.

	It was quite a shock at the time to have my nose so spectacularly broken, and then not even be able to get my teeth into him.

	“So, what about you?”

	“Me?”

	“You survived the last battle unscathed, right? And you did it while your magic was depleted.”

	When I asked that, Hanna waved her hand to the side as if it was outrageous.

	“No, no, I didn’t actually do much. I’m more of a support magician than a fighter. The only thing I can do is create illusions.”

	“Then how did you survive?”

	“I went into battle with too little magic power to understand, and I just used what little magic power I had to deceive the opposing knights and make them fight each other. Well, I wasn’t the one fighting, so it was pretty easy.”

	“……”

	She smiled as she revealed her awesome fighting skills.

	She’s the kind of person who will use basically anything to keep herself alive. She is not a front-line fighter, but rather a rearguard, and she fights in a way that her opponents do not like.

	……If Amira is a passionate and honest swordswoman, then Hanna is a cold-hearted and cunning illusionist.

	While I was shivering, Hanna continued to talk about her time on the battlefield.

	“Ah, but in the end, I fainted for no apparent reason…… When I woke up again, I was carried away by my allies and defeated.”

	“Well, you were depleted of magic power, weren’t you? Then it can’t be helped.”

	“No, that’s not it. The next moment, the ally next to me was enveloped in a green light and blew towards me. I got caught up in it and fainted……”

	“……”

	Fainting, green light, and being blown up.

	What is this, it feels so nostalgic.

	I knew the healing magicians of the Lingle Kingdom were crazy.

	That’s why “he’s” the guy.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	It was the appearance of Rose’s fated opponent, the swordsman Nero Argens.

	The new commander of the Third Legion is a character that is suited for logistical support.

	The other commanders love to come forward, and as a result, they are positioned this way.





