	“It has indeed been a dangerous journey. But it was not a meaningless journey, in my opinion.”

	I say this to Lloyd-sama who regrets sending us on such a dangerous journey.

	“It was a great experience for me to meet so many people and broaden my knowledge of this world. How was it for you,……?”

	Senpai was a little surprised to be asked to speak out of the blue, but she quickly smiled and looked at Lloyd-sama.

	“I feel the same way as you do, Usato-kun. I’m convinced that this trip had a great meaning for me as well.”

	“Suzune, Usato……”

	Lloyd-sama meditates on our words for a few seconds.

	I can’t read what Lloyd-sama is thinking from his expression, but he doesn’t seem to be regretting his actions as he did earlier.

	“I am an old geezer. Your lordships have grown much more than I thought possible. Once again, as the king of the Lingle Kingdom, I send you my thanks.”

	“”Yes.””

	Lloyd-sama smiled gently at me and senpai, who bowed our heads while kneeling.

	However, he began to growl a bit, as if he remembered something when he saw us.

	“How may I help you?”

	“Ummm. I saw you guys and I have a few questions I’d like to ask you, if you don’t mind……?”

	“Yes, what is it?”

	What is it that he’s beating around the bush?

	“There are rumours flying around the country that you two are in love.

	At the unexpected topic, senpai’s shoulders shook and she became frozen.

	In her place, I explained to Lloyd-sama what had happened.

	“I-I-I see, so that’s what this is about. We almost had the whole kingdom come together to celebrate……”

	“That was a close call, wasn’t it…… senpai?”

	“I-Ish that sho……”

	For some reason, senpai turned her face away from me.

	Seeing us, Lloyd-sama expressed his relief.

	“But in a way, I’m relieved for you.”

	“Why is that?”

	“Well, in the letter sent by Lucas, the king of Samaria, there was also a letter from his daughter enclosed. By some mistake, it was put in the same envelope, so I read a little bit of it, but it’s……, you can’t keep your head in the sand.”

	Sergio-san hands me the letter, which is carefully folded in half.

	After receiving it, I look through it and see a thank you note from Lucas-sama’s daughter, Eva.

	If it were handed to me in a normal way, it wouldn’t be the kind of text that would make me realize that I was in love with her.

	However, if you change the situation, the perspective changes drastically.

	“Y-You’ve done it now, Lucas-sama……!”

	“U-Usato-kun? The king’s daughter is a princess, isn’t she? A-As your senpai, I’m a little curious as to what the content is~”

	I’m sure you enclosed this on purpose, right? It’s a roundabout way of asking your parents for help right?

	The content itself is quite ordinary, but the purpose is to get Lloyd-sama’s attention, isn’t it?

	But I can see your ulterior motive!

	In the back of my mind, as I was being left to my own devices by senpai, who shook my shoulders with an awkward smile, I was reminded of Lucas-sama’s slightly evil smile.

	At any rate, the full-fledged report to Lloyd-sama was to come later, so we left the hall.

	After parting ways with Arc-san, we were walking through the passageways of the castle with senpai and Nea.

	“The curse of Samaria, huh? I didn’t think you were involved in an incident related to witchcraft.”

	“It was an outrageous incident. A soul bound to this world by a magician attacked me with an entity, and to be honest, I didn’t feel like living……”

	“How does a soul attack you?”

	“It’s like a translucent skeleton biting you with its clinking bones.”

	Senpai says with a pale face, “Wow.

	I’m not very good with ghosts, and that time was a bit traumatic for me.

	And when they forced the memory of the ghost into my head, it was a terrible pain.

	“It’s okay to swallow and make small talk, but where are we going now?”

	Nea blurted out as she transformed into an owl and jumped onto my shoulder.

	I’ve already reported Nea to the people in the castle beforehand, but I hope she doesn’t transform in a place where people can see her like that.

	“We’re going to see me and senpai friends.”

	“Could that be the other hero?”

	“Yes.”

	According to Lloyd-sama, Kazuki is waiting for us in another room with Celia-sama, so we’re on our way there now.

	As we were walking down the passage, smiling at Nea who was in a good mood after hearing that we’re going to visit another hero, we stopped as a figure popped out from around the corner.

	“Yo, I finally found you!”

	“Kazuki!”

	Kazuki looked relieved as he approached us at a fast pace while catching his breath.

	“Weren’t you supposed to be waiting for me in my room first?”

	“When I heard that you two were back, I couldn’t stay and ran out of the…… room. Hahaha……”

	Kazuki’s smile is as fresh as ever, and I feel nostalgic.

	……What can I say, it’s really a different kind of reunion from when I was with senpai. I’m happy for both of them, though.

	“But I’m really glad you’re both okay……! I-I was worried about you the whole time……”

	“Oh, uh, don’t cry, Kazuki-kun……”

	Me and senpai panicked as Kazuki’s voice became more and more tearful.

	Seeing Kazuki like that, Nea whispers to me in a slightly withdrawn tone.

	“Unlike Suzune, he’s frighteningly devoid of evil spirits, this one. It’s scary in a different way……”

	“Kazuki is a pure young man……”

	He has a pure heart, not like mine and Inugami-senpai’s.

	Kazuki, who was so worried and emotional, wiped his eyes and continued to speak.

	“I’m sorry……! B-but when I found out that senpai and Usato fought a dangerous existence, I…… really didn’t feel like living……”

	“Did Lloyd-sama tell you about this?”

	“No, I heard it from a fortune teller I met in an elven settlement.”

	“So, yeah……, elves, huh…… hmm.”

	Senpai was really upset.

	Elves are a staple of fantasy, so it must be really bothering her.

	He’s managing to keep his self-control for now, but I don’t know when he’ll fall apart, so I’ll ask the question for him.

	“What did the fortune teller say about us?”

	“He said that two of the three plagues on this continent were prevented by a hero with lightning in his body and a white healer……”

	“The White Healer……, are you talking about me?”

	“Yes. I knew right away that it was referring to Usato.”

	The White Healer…… is normal, no, it’s very cool.

	Though I wonder how it came out of the elven fortune teller’s mouth about me in the first place.

	“The wicked dragon, man-eating thunder beast, and forest-eating rampaging monster. I managed to defeat the rampaging monster, but it was a very strong enemy. Without the help of the…… elven people, I can’t even imagine what would have happened by now. That’s why I’ve always been worried about the two of you who fought an entity that was as powerful as the monster I was relative to……”

	Did the elves’ divination put the wicked dragon in the same league?

	Well, that thing was a nuisance, spreading destruction and poison all the time if left alone. It’s not surprising that it was treated as such.

	“But it’s good to see the three of us together again like this.”

	Kazuki says happily, and senpai and I laugh along with him.

	Suddenly, Kazuki tilted his head as he looked at Nea who was on my shoulder.

	“Usato. I was wondering, what’s that owl on your shoulder?”

	Oops, that’s right.

	I’ll have to introduce Kazuki to Nea.

	“This is Nea, a companion and familiar who joined us on our journey.”

	“Nice to meet you. The other hero.”

	“The owl talked! Could it be a talking demon? That’s amazing!”

	“Fufun. Right. Of course I’m amazing.”

	Nea sticks her chest out at Kazuki, who is normally surprised and amazed.

	I guess she’s happy to be honestly praised.

	“Oh, I should introduce you to my new friends too,……”

	“Kazuki, d-don’t tell me you too have a familiar?”

	“No, that’s not it.”

	Senpai was relieved.

	I’d like her to hide her behaviour at least a little bit, but that doesn’t seem to be the point for her.

	“She’s an elven hunter. In her village, she was the only daughter of the chieftain, but after some twists and turns, she joined us.”

	“Is she here? There’s an elf girl in this country? If there are, introduce them to me.”

	“Yes. Please calm down, senpai.”

	I stopped senpai who was about to question Kazuki with bloodshot eyes by choking him.

	Kazuki smiled nostalgically at senpai, who quieted down like a borrowed cat after a few seconds or so, and me, who was exhausted and weak.

	“I knew it, it’s this exchange. Senpai and Usato are…… yeah.”

	“K-Kazuki-sama, where did you go?”

	A familiar voice came from afar:……

	I’m not sure if it’s Celia-sama or not that is looking for Kazuki.

	“Oh, no. Celia is looking for me. Aside from…… you, what about Usato? Do you want to go with her like this?”

	“Hmm, what should I do?”

	After thinking for a bit, I tell him my plans for the future.

	“I guess me and Nea will be going back to the rescue squad.”

	“I see. Well, now that we’re back in this country, we can always meet up. I’ll introduce you to my new friends later.”

	“Yeah. Well then, senpai, I guess we’ll break up here.”

	“Eh, ah,…… well, see you later.”

	I left the place with Nea.

	It’s been a while since the three of us were able to talk together.

	But for me, it still doesn’t mean I’m truly home.

	“After all, home for me is the rescue squad…”

	I don’t need anyone to tell me that.

	That person is waiting for my return at that place.

	“Hey, hey, Usato.”

	“What is it, Nea?”

	“I’m going to live in the castle, so why don’t we part ways here?”

	I chuckle at Nea’s suggestion.

	“Nea……, it’s okay. No one is going to discriminate against you because you’re a demon.”

	“No, it’s not that.”

	“Because even though they’re human, most of them are just like demons.”

	“Does that include you?”

	……

	“Don’t worry. I don’t care what anyone says, you’re coming back with me to the rescue squad.”

	“Hey, will you listen to me? I’m saying that you don’t have to take me to the rescue squad because I live in the castle.”

	“I’ll be with you through every hard time!”

	“Obviously I do not want to go!”

	“I see! So you do want to come with me! I’m so happy!”

	“Huh? You’re listening and ignoring me, aren’t you? Wait…! Don’t grab me by the wings! Let me go!”

	You’re my familiar.

	It’s part of your job to share your fate with your master.

	With Nea desperately trying to escape from my grasp, I made my way to the rescue squad’s quarters.





Chapter 149

	After leaving the castle with Bluerin, Nea and I headed straight for the rescue squad.

	The streets of the Kingdom of Ringle, the road leading to the rescue squad, the lush trees surrounding the area leading up to it—everything I saw was nostalgic.

	“I wonder how everyone is doing. Well, of course they’re going to be fine.”

	“Gwaaah.”

	“I see I see, so you’re glad to be back too?”

	While patting the head of Bluerin who was walking next to me, I turned my attention to Nea on my shoulder.

	She’d tried to escape earlier, but realized it was pointless in front of my reflexes, and now she’s being unfaithful and quiet.

	“Well, the rescue squad isn’t as bad as you might imagine.”

	“……I can tell when you’re lying.”

	“I’m not lying. It’s just that almost everyone who belongs to it is too unique.”

	“Would you stop talking as if you’re not unique? I don’t know anyone who’s more unique than you.”

	That’s rude.

	I’m pretty sure I’m at the bottom of the list.

	“No, no, no, there are monsters in the rescue squad, and the leader is far more dangerous than I am. If I had to choose between fighting the wicked dragon and the leader, I would choose the wicked dragon without hesitation.”

	“No, there’s no point in trying to scare me with that! I can’t believe you would even choose the wicked dragon!”

	From my point of view, I wouldn’t want to deal with Rose, who surpassed me in almost every aspect.

	Unlike the Wicked Dragon, she could use small techniques or push her way through, and even now that I have the gauntlet, I can’t imagine any vision of being able to fight Rose.

	“Well, I guess we’ll find that out when we meet. Oh, but I’ll have to introduce you to the rest of the team as well. The tough guys, Ferrum, Knack……, and Olga-san and Ullr-san at the infirmary.”

	“Ferrum, you mean the demon race that was summoned by Falga’s magic in Mia Rak?”

	“Yes, that’s right.”

	It’s been almost a month since then, but I wonder if she’s calmed down a bit.

	No, I don’t think she’s calmed down because she’s that girl. I’m worried about her getting along with Nack, but with Rose there, I guess she’s okay there?

	“I wonder if I’ll be able to do it…… The members are already so dense, I’m starting to worry if I’ll fit in well.”

	“Haha, you’re pretty much the same, so I think you’ll be fine.”

	“Hey, what do you mean by that!”

	Nea is a mix between a vampire and a necromancer, an owl, a screw-up, and many other things, and even if the rescue squad is full of idiots, she can’t lose in terms of personality.

	No wait, if you ask me, she might be able to win.

	I’m not sure if my words were convincing or not, but as I walked along, soothing an angry Nea, I finally saw the rescue squad quarters.

	“Yes, it’s surprisingly normal looking. I thought they’d have torture equipment or something.”

	“You’re overreacting,…… This is a place to help people. There shouldn’t be such a thing……?”

	It was then that I noticed something lying in front of the dormitory.

	A black-haired boy named Nack and a silver-haired demon girl named Ferrum.

	The two of them were in tatters and had fainted while reaching for the door of the dorm as if they had run out of strength.

	When Nea noticed after me, her face turned pale and her voice trembled.

	“Hey, hey, Usato. You say that this place is to save people, but there’s two people lying over there……”

	“This is just routine for the rescue squad. It’s not unusual at all, so don’t worry about it.”

	“I’m going back to the village!”

	“No!”

	I immediately caught Nea as she attempted to flee.

	I speak in a flat voice to Nea, who moves her wings frantically.

	“Hahaha. Are you homesick now, Nea? Don’t worry, this is going to be your new home.”

	“Why do I have to live in a place where it’s normal for people to be lying in front of their house! How bizarre of a group are you!”

	“This is the only place you can go back to. This is the only place you can go. I won’t let you choose any other place.”

	“How badly do you want to drag me into this?”

	To be honest, I was afraid that they would be angry with me for tearing up the group uniform.

	I thought that if one of us, Nea, knew what was going on, it might ease Rose’s anger a little.

	I don’t think it would have much effect, but it’s better than nothing.

	With Nea in my grasp, I walked over to the unconscious Nack and Ferrum.

	Ferrum is…… useless, she’s completely blank-eyed.

	Nack is—-

	“……Eh… Usato… san is here……”

	“Nack! Are you okay?

	“Heh, heh, heh…… the leader’s training is hell…… after all.”

	“Nack! Hey, get a grip! Nack……!”

	I turned my face away from Nack, who was fainting from exhaustion.

	As expected of Rose.

	Even though a healing spell has already been cast and there’s no room for healing, the mental damage alone is enough to knock him out.

	There’s nothing I can do about it.

	“Let’s just call it……”

	“I just got a glimpse into the daily life of a crazy rescue squad.”

	“Guuu……”

	I let the unconscious Nack and Ferrum lie in a nearby field, letting Nea and Bluerin’s gazes flow.

	Maybe they’ll wake up in an hour or so.

	It would be better for them to rest for an hour than to wake up now.

	That’s what I thought when I was training.

	“Alright, I guess we should get Bluerin to the stables first.”

	“Gua~”

	I walked to the stables with Bluerin, who let out a single cry.

	The stables near the dorm still had a lot of straw piled up, and Bluerin dived into the bundle with all his might, falling asleep with a sigh in a matter of seconds.

	“Good work, Bluerin. Keep up the good work.”

	“You must have been so tired,…… Well, it’s no wonder.”

	Nea, who had returned to her shoulder, muttered to herself as she looked at Bluerin.

	At that moment, a small black shadow jumped out from behind the straw in front of us, aiming at us.

	I immediately noticed the shadow’s identity and tried to catch it without taking a stance, but somehow the small shadow went not towards me, but towards Nea on my shoulder.

	“What? What’s going on, bugooo?!”

	In her owl state, Nea was hit by a body blow, and the shock caused her to revert to her black-haired, red-eyed human form.

	In the place where Nea had been a moment ago, Rose’s pet Kukure, a Noir Rabbit, was moving its distinctive ears with a smug look on its face.

	“You’re still the same as always. How have you been? Kukuru.”

	“Kyuu.”

	He looks very cute, but he’s a dossy rabbit just like his master.

	Basically, his job is to deceive people with his appearance and knock them down to the bottom of despair.

	“You damned rabbit! You’ve got some nerve suddenly knocking me down! Usato! What the hell is this guy!

	“This guy is the leader’s pet, the name is Kukuru. He’s a rare demon just like you.”

	“Kiyu.”

	“I don’t care how rare it is! That’s mine!”

	Transforming into an owl again, Nea charged at Kukur.

	However, Kukuru, who had avoided Nea with a light movement and moved to the other shoulder, gave Nea a sneer as if to say, “That’s sweet.”

	When she returned to her original position, Nea’s body shook with anger.

	“Usato, what the hell is this guy? He’s getting on my nerves!”

	“Well, well, calm down. Anyway, Kukuru, is the leader in the quarters?”

	I asked Kukuru while calming down Nea, and he nodded his head.

	So, let’s go straight to the quarters, shall we?

	I left the stables and entered the quarters, feeling like a tamer, with Nea on my right shoulder and Kukuru on my left.

	I’m afraid that if Inugami-senpai sees me now, she might lose her mind and attack me.

	“……I don’t see any of the tough guys. Are they training this time of day?”

	“Kyu.”

	“Huuuh? What are you looking at? You goddamn rabbit.”

	At any rate, I’d rather they didn’t fight over my face.

	Sighing, I look around the interior of the quarters and get deeply moved.

	“I guess the leader is in…… her office.”

	If she’s waiting for me, that’s the only place I can go.

	She probably already knows that I’m coming back. Then, I should head straight for the office without any hesitation.

	Determined to do so, I walked up the stairs and stood in front of the door of the office where Rose was.

	“Fuuuuuuuh…… Here goes nothing.”

	I made up my mind once again and knocked on the door of the office.

	The word “enter” came back shortly, so I nervously put my hand on the doorknob and opened the door.

	The first thing I saw was Rose sitting on the chair with her arms crossed.

	When she recognized me, she smiled with a fierce smile that was the same as the day I last saw her.

	“Well,…… there are a lot of things I want to say, but…… we’ll get to that later.”

	Not caring that I was speechless, she continued to speak.

	“I’m glad you’re back. Usato.”

	“……!”

	I try to hold my chest as tightly as I can, suppressing the feeling of being overwhelmed by her words.

	I try to say it out loud, firmly.

	“I’m back! Leader!”

	At this moment, I realized that I had finally come “home”.

	After that, I was in the office briefly explaining to Rose about the events that had happened during my trip so far.

	Unlike senpai, she listened to the story of the wicked dragon and Falga-sama without moving an eyebrow, and was a little disappointed.

	“Quite well, it seems you’ve had a delightful journey.”

	After listening to the whole story, Rose crossed her arms thoughtfully and then said something like that.

	Pleasant is…… she easily summed that up.

	“Haha, well…… yes.”

	“I ain’t complimenting you, idiot. You’re sticking your nose into people’s problems. It’s a good thing that it all came out right in the end, but you need to think before you act.”

	“Yes, I’m sorry……”

	It’s true, so I honestly admit my fault.

	I can’t help that she got angry here, but there’s one more matter that might make her angry.

	Fearfully, I try to broach the subject with Rose.

	“Um, it’s about the uniform:……”

	“You’re talking about how you were ripped to shreds by the second commander. Let me see it.”

	I take out the cloth-wrapped uniform from my luggage and hand it to Rose.

	She unfolded the uniform, and after a few seconds of staring at the hole that had been cut and made by Koga, she turned her gaze back to me with a somewhat grim expression.

	“Let me tell you straight up, I’m not that angry.”

	“……What?”

	She looks ridiculously grumpy.

	Rose held her forehead in her hands at my reaction.

	“This thing is for your protection. There will come a time where it will be torn to pieces. Which means you’ve done what you were supposed to do, right?”

	“But this is the rescue squad’s……”

	“This thing is just a slightly more durable outfit when you get right down to it. The only thing that matters is you.”

	“Me……?”

	I was a little perturbed by Rose’s words as she carefully folded the group uniform and placed it on the desk.

	“I can remake this thing as many times as I want, but there’s only one ‘you’. I don’t need to compare who I prioritize more, you or this group uniform.”

	“L-Leader……!”

	To care so much about me……!

	Oh no, I’m about to cry at her seldom kind words.

	“Well, on the other hand, I would have blasted you if you had come back in a neat little state.”

	“……”

	The tears retracted.

	I was a little thankful for Koga.

	Once I was done talking about the group uniform, the next topic of conversation was about Nea.

	“So, that black one over there, is that your familiar?”

	“Yes, her name is Nea. She’s in owl form now, but she’s a demon in human form.”

	I motioned for Nea to turn into a human.

	Rose sighed lightly, a little surprised to see Nea in human form with the light.

	“You’ve got a brat who’s a healing magician, and now you’ve got a familiar who’s a magician. You’re not mistaking us for a group of street performers, are you?”

	“Well, we’re all in the same boat, including youuuuuuooooooooo!?”

	It hurts so much that I feel like my face is going to be crushed!

	Rose grabbed my face so fast that I couldn’t react, and the fear that I had almost forgotten came back.

	As I scream in anguish, Nea looks away and just shivers, but Rose looks at her.

	“Hey.”

	“Y-Yeshhh!!!”

	“If you’re Usato’s familiar, you’re formally in the custody of the rescue squad. I’m not going to give you any special treatment just because you’re a demon, okay?”

	“Oh, no, that’s………”

	Nea slumped, unable to answer.

	I can’t help but feel defensive in front of the leader.

	I’ll answer for her.

	“She seems to be fine with it.”

	“!”

	Nea looks at me with a look of disbelief.

	When I told her not to worry about it, she punched me on the shoulder with tears in her eyes, but it didn’t hurt or itch, so it was just a pleasure.

	“I see. Well, I guess we’ll have to check how much you’ve grown along with her magic.”

	“What do you mean, ‘check’?”

	I asked with a vague feeling of fear, and Rose smiled thinly.

	“You both will be my opponent.”

	“……Yes, we’ll die you know? Both me and Nea.”

	“I’ll go easy on you, don’t worry.”

	Even if you take it easy, there’s nothing but despair.

	With vacant eyes, I smile at Nea next to me.

	“Then we’re safe. We did it, Nea. Our lives are spared.”

	“Goodbye Usato! It’s been fun so far!”

	I don’t move, I just meditate on Nea as she tries to escape for the umpteenth time today.

	I know it.

	I know that there is no way I can escape in Rose’s territory in this situation.

	Rose’s hand shakes for a moment, and something explodes in Nea behind her, and she goes quiet with a shrill cry.

	“……Leader. Are we doing this today?”

	“No, I’ll give it a few days. I’m sure you’ll be busy with your reports too. As for today, since you’re back, Alek and the others are preparing a place for dinner.”

	“Olga-san and Ullr-san are coming too?”

	“Yes.”

	That means all the members of the rescue squad will be here for the night.

	I have a lot to talk about with Nack, and I’m looking forward to it.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	The flag for the battle with Rose has been raised, but only a little further.





Chapter 150

	My reunion with Rose was also the beginning of a new ordeal.

	A mock battle to see how much I’ve grown since I finished my journey. I had to go toe to toe with Rose, who, to put it mildly, could be described as more of a monster than me.

	To be honest, I can’t even imagine my power coming through.

	But as much as I felt despair, I also wanted to know how well I could fight against Rose right now.

	“Nea, your room is here.”

	After finishing my talk with Rose, I left the office and took Nea, who had woken up from her stupor, and led her to the room she would be living in.

	In the room I was led to, Nea was in a bad mood.

	“Wait a minute, someone’s living in this room though.”

	“You know, the basic rescue squad uses one room for two people. I’m no exception to that.”

	“……I’d rather have you than live with a stranger.”

	“In case you haven’t noticed, you’re a girl too. You can’t have a guy and a girl in the same room.”

	“Wait, why did you just say ‘in case you haven’t noticed’?”

	I ducked Nea’s question, and carried the futon into the room.

	I’m not sure if it’s a good idea to enter the room without permission from the owner, but I have Rose’s permission, so there’s no problem in terms of appearance.

	Nea, holding her training uniform, which is the rescue squad’s normal clothes, glared at me with a fierce look.

	“You don’t have to give me that irritated look, it’s a girl just like you who lives in this room.”

	“……”

	I don’t know why she’s in an even worse mood than before.

	I looked around the room, not sure what it meant, but it seemed to be cleaned properly, the futon on the bed was folded and well organized.

	“……Hmm, I guess I’ll have to carry the bed for Nea later.”

	It’s clean now, but it was originally a storage room. I guess I’ll just have to put up with this for now.

	With that in mind, I put the futon in the space on the opposite side of the room from where the bed was placed.

	“Okay, I guess this is okay for now.”

	“——ah, I’m tired again today……, hmm?”

	“Hmm?”

	A voice from behind me.

	I turned around at it and found myself eye to eye with a brown-skinned girl with silver hair and horns.

	After a few seconds or so, when she recognized me and Nea, she backed away bloodily.

	“Y-y-y-y-y-ou lot! What are you doing in front of my room,……, Usato?”

	“Oh, I’m back. Ferrum.”

	“Oh, welcome back…… my foot! Why, of all people, are you in my room without permission? Also, was it today that you’ll be back?”

	Well, I would be angry too if a man suddenly walks into my room.

	I decided to honestly apologize to Ferrum, whose face turned red and angry.

	“I’m sorry about that. I only just got back, and the reason I’m in your room is because a new member of the group is going to be living in the room with you starting today.”

	“Huh!?!?!”

	I introduce Nea to Ferrum, who is bitingly surprised.

	When Ferrum found out about Nea, she got angry as expected and pointed at Nea.

	“Why do I have to live in the same room with this thing!”

	“That’s what I’m talking about! I don’t want to live with a little prick like you!”

	“What the hell? You milk monster!”

	“Shut up! You goat-head!”

	Words for words.

	I knew they were going to fight, but I didn’t expect it to go this far. It was as if I was watching an exchange with Amako.

	Nea and Ferrum grab each other’s clothes and start to fight as I sigh and pull them apart.

	“Alright girls, let’s not fight, okay?”

	“Usato! I don’t like her! WE don’t get along!”

	“Ferrum may not talk much, but she’s just not honest with herself. You’re older than her too, so you can turn a blind eye to that—–“

	“I don’t like how she gets carried away.”

	I sigh at Nea, who turns her face away with a huff.

	This girl’s mental age is too low. The 300 year old is annoyed for a moment at her apparent stubbornness, but then she looks at Ferrum.

	She’s as cautious as a cat, but she’s easy to deal with as far as I’m concerned.

	“Ferrum, do you want a convincing reason?”

	“Yeah!”

	“The Leader’s decision.”

	“……Damn it!!!”

	In an instant, Ferrum’s anger was extinguished and she held her head in her hands.

	She had experienced firsthand the horror of defying Rose, so she could understand why she would do so.

	The only thing to do here is to cajole her without provoking her badly.

	“Ferum, you’re the senpai here, so you should teach Nea a lot.”

	“……You should be the one to teach her since you’ve been traveling together…… together.”

	That was kind of a stinging way to put it.

	“I’ll teach him too, but so will you, my roommate, as well okay? I’d like you to be friends with her too if you can……”

	“”I can’t do that.””

	Surprisingly, they do seem to get along.

	I chuckle at the two of them answering at the same time. They look like they don’t get along, but they seem to be surprisingly compatible.

	Just like Amako.

	“Anyway, don’t fight too much, okay? I’m sure Ferrum knows that, but Nea…… if the Leader catches us fighting,……”

	“I-If we get caught……”

	Nea swallows, no, it sounded like she gulped an entire water.

	“……No, I’m not going to tell you. I don’t want to scare you.”

	“Oh, come on, just say it! I’m even more scared now! What’s that horrible woman going to do to me?”

	Nea was trembling, and Ferrum was looking pale, probably remembering the time when Rose was punishing her.

	Seeing the two of them, I decided that they were fine and decided to head to my room.

	“Well then, I’ll be going to my room soon. Oh, I heard that all the rescue squads are going to get together for dinner today, so come earlier than usual, okay?”

	I said to them and left the place.

	There’s still time before dinner, so after changing……, I’ll rest a bit until that time.

	After unpacking and changing, I decided to lie down on my bed and take a short nap.

	I’ve slept in all sorts of places, from the wild to beds in kingdoms, but I felt most at home in this bed, and I fell asleep in the blink of an eye.

	My roommate? I woke up when I was poked by the tongs of the “Mere Old Man”, and I got up, kicking at the strong face that was too shocking to wake up from sleep.

	“……yawn……, it’s already this dark?”

	“Y-You bastard got some nerve, flying at someone’s face with your foot……!”

	“I’m sure a kick will suffice for anyone who pokes someone in the head with force.”

	I was very offended by this, as well as disturbing my sleep.

	I didn’t need to feel guilty, because I could see the look on his face as if he had played a prank with a lot of enthusiasm.

	“I thought you’d be a little more polite back home, but you’ve still got that damn cocky attitude, dude!”

	“Eh, polite? Do you have any respect for anyone but the leader here?”

	“Huuuh?”

	“Huuuh?”

	We grabbed each other by the chest and glared at each other.

	After a few seconds of silence, Tongue twisted the corner of his mouth as he pulled his hand away.

	“Apparently, you’ve never learned to be polite, but you don’t seem to have lost your gut.”

	“Of course I haven’t. You wouldn’t forget the teachings of this place so easily.”

	“Ha, no.”

	All the members of the group had experienced Rose’s hellish training.

	It’s not just the body, it’s imprinted in the mind, and it’s not something that can be forgotten.

	“It’s dinner. Almost everyone’s already there.”

	“All right. Then let’s go right away.”

	I left the room with Tongue and headed for the dining room.

	While I was there, I decided to ask Tongue about the latest developments in the rescue squad.

	“Did anything happen here while I was gone?”

	“No, nothing really happened except that Nack joined the rescue squad. If I had to guess, the only thing that happened was that Mill cooked something without permission and made the leader mad.”

	My hands trembled as I remembered the fierce attack that had taken place in the rescue squad.

	I can’t forget the violence to my taste buds and the foreign feeling that even healing magic can’t heal, even if I wanted to.

	“Huh? Did he make something like that again? He never learns, really.”

	“From my point of view, I’d like to know what I can make to piss off the leader like that.”

	“The less you know, the better.”

	“I-I guess so.”

	After talking with Tongue for a bit, we soon arrive near the entrance to the dining hall.

	Then I saw Nea and Ferrum there, as well as two men and two women, Olga-san and Ururu-san.

	Upon spotting me, Ururu-san smiled and waved at me.

	“Ah, Usato-kun! Welcome back!”

	“I’m back, Ururu-san. How about the both of you…… Nea and Ferrum?”

	“This woman is making me squirm……”

	“I still don’t like her……”

	I nodded my head at Nea and Ferrum, who seemed to be out of breath.

	For now, I let Tongue go to the cafeteria first and ask him to talk to them about why they are in this state.

	“Um, you and Ferum are close, aren’t you?”

	“Yes, we are. I was a little scared of her at first because she’s a demon, but once I met her, it wasn’t like that at all. In fact, we’re so close that I end up being mean to her because of her cute reactions.”

	Saying that, Ururu-san stroked Ferrum’s head with her familiar hand.

	The actual Ferrum looks incredibly disgusted.

	“D-don’t touch the corner! Don’t touch my hair! Don’t stroke it!”

	Ferrum, who brushed off Ururu-san’s hand, ran straight into the cafeteria.

	Ururu-san regretfully saw it off, but she hugged Nea, who tried to run away after her, and captured her.

	“Guh!”

	“Hey, hey, this girl! I heard she’s Usato-kun’s demon?”

	“Yes, her name is Nea. Please make friends with her.”

	“Hey, Usato! This girl seems to be just like Suzune.

	“Nea-chan, let’s have dinner together! I have a lot of questions for you! Oh, there’s a seat right next to Ferrum-chan!”

	“Nooooooooooooo!”

	“Don’t cooooome near meeeeeeee!”

	You’re so tough. Ururu-san.

	Her cheerful personality is one of her strong points, and she’s not afraid to take on Rose.

	It’s a good thing that the rescue squad has expanded the friendships between Nea and Ferrum.

	……In that sense, Ururu-san’s gung-ho personality may be a boon.

	“Hahaha, you’re still the same, Ururu.”

	“Olga-san.”

	“Welcome back, Usato-kun. I’m glad to see you’re back in one piece.”

	Olga-san smiled at me, and I smiled back.

	“How was your trip?”

	“It was tough, but I got a lot out of it…… Personally, I enjoyed it.”

	Olga-san nodded kindly at my words.

	“If that’s what you think, then I’m sure it is. As for me, I’d like to listen to you talk about your trip at length, but…… I’ll let him have it here. Yeah.”

	“Him……?”

	Olga-san’s eyes turn to the back of my head.

	If I look behind me to match him, I see Nack, a boy in a rescue squad uniform, standing there with an expression of surprise and joy combined.

	“I thought it was the usual dream, but this time it was different……! Usato-san, you’re really back……!”

	“It’s nice to see you like this, Nack, as a member of the rescue squad. Are you a little stockier now?”

	I feel like he’s getting tougher.

	I’ve seen him on Mia Rak, but I haven’t seen him in person since we parted ways in Lukvis.

	“How’s life here?”

	“Well, it’s not so bad, so much so that I can’t even think about it anymore.”

	“Yeah, yeah, I know. I understand. I can’t even put it into words.”

	“Yes!”

	Since he couldn’t express it in words, he had to substitute the word “hell” for now, which was Rose’s training.

	“But I’m just a kid, so the training isn’t that tough, she says. Personally, though, it was even more unreasonable than the training I received from Usato-san……”

	“She’s the leader of the group. Well, she’s definitely more capable than me as a leader, so the results should follow properly.”

	……It’s time to move on, we can’t keep talking at the entrance of the cafeteria forever.

	“Let’s take a seat for now. We can talk as much as we want then. Would you like to join us, Olga-san?”

	“Yes, I guess so. I think I’ll sit down too then.”

	“Oh, I’ll go get three seats, then!”

	I chuckled at Nack as he ran into the cafeteria to get a seat.

	You’ve really grown a lot since you were in Lukvis. When I first saw him, I had the impression that he was a weak boy, but now he’s an accomplished member of the rescue squad.

	As someone who had trained Nack, even if only for a short time, I was both happy and somewhat itchy at his growth.

	“It’s really getting crowded, isn’t it?”

	Olga-san, who was looking around the cafeteria next to me, murmured with deep emotion.

	Looking at it again, there are nine people in the cafeteria, including the five strongmen, Ferrum, Nea, Nack, and Ururu-san.

	“Yes,……”

	“I’m really glad you’re here.”

	“Huh?”

	I can’t help but look at Olga-san’s sudden words.

	“Thanks to you coming, our…… no, Rose’s stopped time has finally started to move.”

	“Stopped, time?”

	“Yes, for Rose, Usato-kun, you are…”

	Olga-san was about to continue to speak in response to my question, but then was hit in the head with a hammer.

	”Fuooo!!?” she made such a sound as Rose hit Olga-san in the head.

	“Don’t say unnecessary things.”

	“I’m sorry,……”

	I’m not sure if Rose was taking it easy on the weaker Olga-san, but she immediately stood up and glared at her.

	Olga-san shifts her gaze to me with a twitching smile on her face.

	“Ha, well, that’s how it is, then……”

	“Y-yeah……”

	Holding my head, I watch Olga-san’s back as she heads towards the seat that Nack has prepared for us.

	What was Olga-san trying to say to me? Was she trying to say that I’m Rose’s…… sandbag or that I’m her best disciple?

	I’m personally quite happy with the latter, but I don’t think it’s that sweet.

	“……Hey, Usato, how long are you going to stand there like that? Get to your seat.”

	“Yes, I understand.”

	“Oh, and——“

	I was about to turn around, but Rose continued to speak.

	“Today is also the occasion to celebrate your return. It’s okay to ruffle a few feathers, but don’t leave any fatigue for tomorrow.”

	“Yes, I understand!”

	After a bow, I headed for my seat this time.

	I guess I don’t need to think about what I am to Rose. Maybe Rose will reveal it to me when the time is right.

	That’s why I’m just going to go about my daily life as a rescue squad until that time comes.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Nea and Ferrum are now in the same room.

	In case you’re wondering, Nack is in a single room.





Chapter 151

	In this world, the existence of elves is similar to that of beastmen, but slightly different.

	Unlike the Beastmen, who cut off all relations with humans out of fear and hatred, the Elves are a race that has always kept a certain distance from humans and lived in hiding.

	As such, their culture is quite different from that of humans, and according to one theory, they have established a lifestyle that places more emphasis on magic and magical tools.

	You can be sure that it must be a very lucky thing to be able to meet such elves by chance.

	……Also, when it comes to fantasy, you can’t go wrong with an elf girl, and I’m already soaring beyond words.

	Kazuki-kun introduced me to an elf girl, Flana.

	With shoulder-length, fluffy cream-coloured hair and long ears typical of elves, she was much more soft-spoken and sensible than I had imagined.

	She followed Kazuki-kun alone from the elven village, and as expected, she was a hoot for him. At one point, I feared that a shouting match with Seria the princess of the Lingle Kingdom might develop, but that didn’t happen.

	“Fufufu, what did you do then, Flana-san?”

	“Hmm? Well, I didn’t want to get covered in mud, so I ran away at once. Then the boar got really angry, and it was really tough.”

	There’s no such thing as a fight between Seria and the elf girl Flana, who is currently chatting in front of me in the garden of the castle in the Kingdom of Lingle.

	In fact, they seem to be good friends.

	Did anything happen between them the other day? I casually asked, but the answer came back.

	[It’s a secret between ladies♪]

	The answer came back mischievously.

	I’m also a girl, but I wonder if I should have pursued the matter……

	“Suzune-sama?”

	“Ae? Heh? What’s wrong?”

	“Oh no, you look like you were kind of in a daze……”

	Oops, I must have got lost in my thoughts.

	There are only three of us here, Seria, Flana and me. Kazuki is not here because he is working on his own training at the training grounds.

	At their gazes, I smile, hurriedly to hide my thoughts.

	“Kazuki has often told me that the people of the ‘White Healer’ live in a different place from the castle, right?”

	“You mean Usato-kun and the rest? Yes, and what did Kazuki tell you about him?”

	“He told me that he’s his best friend, and he seemed so happy about it that it made me jealous, so I was wondering what he’s like.”

	Once Seria asked, “Does Kazuki-sama like Usato-sama?! I-I don’t think it’s right for two men to be together!?” But I assure her that this is not the case.

	And if that were the case, Kazuki would be my archenemy.

	“……Hmm, it’s better to meet him in person to know him better…… Do you want to go there? To the rescue squad where Usato-kun is.”

	“Eh, if you don’t mind? But Seria is……”

	Flana looked at Seria awkwardly, but she smiled at her.

	“I was going to go towards Kazuki-sama, so you don’t need to worry about me.”

	“I see……… I see, then… I think I’ll go to……”

	With Seria’s approval, Flana and I headed to the rescue squad where Usato-kun was.

	We got ready to go out for now, and as we moved to the front of the castle, I noticed that Flana, who was wearing a robe, had her hood pulled up tightly over her eyes.

	“I know the people here aren’t the kind to discriminate or anything, but I don’t really like being the center of attention.”

	“Does it bother you that people look at you or something?”

	She nodded with a troubled expression at my words.

	I guess being an elf is unusual and attracts a lot of curious glances.

	As we continued walking in the direction of the rescue squad, Flana looked at me and put her finger to her mouth as if she was remembering something.

	“I was surprised when I first met Suzune too. You suddenly said, ‘Are you the elf girl in question?” And then came at me with glittering eyes.”

	“Uuuuu, I’m sorry about that.”

	“No need to apologize. I’ve heard from Kazuki that you’re not a bad person… but someone weird.”

	I couldn’t help but blush at Flana’s imitation of my voice.

	I admit that the tension was a bit strange at the time.

	“Kazuki is a serious person and you are a very cheerful person. I was wondering what kind of person Usato would be like as he is friends with the both of you.”

	“Kazuki-kun didn’t tell you about his personality?”

	“Well, to be honest, I’ve only heard half the story.”

	“Oh, why?”

	Flana looked a little troubled when I asked her that.

	“Because, based on common sense, it’s…… a little too unrealistic for healing magicians to be fighting and punching. In addition, even though he is a healer by divination, it is more natural to think that he has a special power other than healing magic to overthrow the wicked dragon.”

	“Oh, sure, that’s what people usually think……”

	I would have to actually see Usato-kun in person to believe it.

	At this point, a bit of mischief started to form in me. If I didn’t tell Flana about Usato-kun here, she would be surprised when she found out about him.

	“I’d recommend that you meet him anyway.”

	“Yeah, that would be the best thing to do.”

	……Honestly, one of the reasons is that I’m not confident that I can explain her the truth and have her believe me.

	Then we came to the front of the rescue squad quarters.

	Flana muttered with deep emotion as she looked around at the green landscape that had changed from the castle and castle town.

	“I’m surprised. I can’t believe there’s a place like this in the kingdom……”

	“This is the dormitory of the rescue squad Usato-kun belongs to. Maybe that’s Usato-kun training……”

	I look around in front of the dormitory, and find a single figure a short distance away.

	A figure a little smaller than me ——– Nack, the boy I met in Lukvis before, came running towards us when he noticed me and Flana.

	On the way back from the trip, I had heard from Usato that he had joined the rescue squad, and I was relieved to see that he seemed to be doing well.

	“Suzune-san. You’re here to see Usato-san?”

	“Yes, I did, but…… he’s in training?”

	“Yes. A while ago, he went running into town with the rest of the group except me. Let’s see, is that person……?”

	Nack-kun gives a quizzical look to Flana, who has her hood up deeply.

	Since it’s troublesome to be misunderstood in a strange way, I think about what to do after having Flana briefly introduce herself.

	“So, Usato-kun went for a run? Do you think he’ll be back soon?”

	“Haha, no way. There’s no way the rescue squad’s run-in will be over that quickly. They won’t be back for at least half a day.”

	“Huh?”

	Flana who was behind me, let out a voice that sounded like she was in a daze.

	It was unbelievable, but this was common knowledge in the rescue squad Usato-kun belonged to.

	“Would it be faster to go to the city then?”

	“I guess so.”

	Now the city.

	If that’s the case, it would be more efficient to wait for Usato-kun to pass by somewhere.

	Thinking of going towards the castle town, I suddenly remembered the demon girl who was put into the rescue squad. A demon tribe, the Black Knight, who was taken prisoner during the battle against the Demon King’s army.

	If I’m not mistaken, Usato-kun did mention that her name is Ferrum, right?

	I wondered how that girl’s doing now. I was curious, so I asked him. Nack-kun looked toward the city and smiled.

	“Oh, if it’s her, she’s gone with Usato-san and the others.”

	“……Eh, is that fine?! Even though she’s a demon,……”

	“They were wary of her at first, but now they don’t even care. Everyone seems to be convinced that it’s because we’re the rescue squad.”

	“Oh, if you say so, I’ll be convinced too.”

	Behind me, “You’re convinced by that……?” Flana muttered in a tone of disbelief.

	As for me, I think it’s a bit premature, but if Rose has given her permission, then I guess I can rest assured.

	“You didn’t go with him, did you?”

	“Ferrum-san recklessly went along in an attempt to compete with Usato-san, but I can’t keep up with him at all now. It’s not that I want to get in the way, but I do want to train with them…… I’m just going to be me and make sure I do the training I can do now.”

	“……I see.”

	You’ve grown so much you look different.

	Physically and mentally, he’s not the same person he was when he left Lukvis.

	He’s becoming an adult too.

	“Well then, I guess we’d better head towards the city. I’m sorry for interrupting your training.”

	“No, no, oh, by the way, that confession thing——“

	“Good luck with your training! Let’s go. Flana!”

	“Whoa! Hey. Suzune?”

	Flustered by the unexpected question, I grab Flana’s hand and walk away. When the dorm was out of sight, I let go of Flana’s hand and wiped my forehead.

	T-That was dangerous, I didn’t expect to be pursued about that article……

	“Suzune, you said something about demon race earlier, is there anyone else there that you’re worried about?”

	“That’s the demon girl I took prisoner during the last war.”

	There was no particular reason to hide it, so I revealed to Flana about Ferrum.

	“She seems to be fitting in quite well here…… Is that fine?”

	“She used to be a user of dark magic, but now she has a magic tool to contain her magic, so it’s safe.”

	In addition, she is capable of driving me and Kazuki-kun to the brink of death, even if only temporarily—– but let’s not say that.

	Although I have my own thoughts on the matter, it’s not what I want to create a rift by citing it.

	“A user of dark magic is…… how could you take someone like that prisoner?”

	“It wasn’t easy. I don’t know what would have happened if it wasn’t for Usato-kun’s healing magic……”

	“Oh, with healing magic? Why is there healing magic here?”

	“Well, the simple explanation is that the weakness of dark magic is healing magic.”

	Just the thought of Usato-kun not rushing over to me at that moment sends a chill down my spine.

	If it weren’t for him, I wouldn’t be here now.

	……I’m getting into a little bit of a gloomy mood. Let’s head to the city quickly.

	“Dark magic and healing magic? What do you mean? How can healing magic, which has no offensive power to begin with, be the weak point of dark magic?……”

	“What are you muttering about, Flana? Let’s get to the city.”

	“Uhh, okay……”

	I said to Flana, who was tilting her head, and turned my gaze towards the city.

	I wonder where would be the best place to wait for Usato-kun. I think I know of a place so I won’t just stand there in a random place.

	If I’m going to wait, I’d at least like to be in a place where I know someone, though……

	“……Huh?”

	I don’t know many people in the castle town?

	If it’s people from the Kingdom of Lingle, there are some familiar faces, but I don’t even know their names.

	“No, wait.”

	There’s only one person I can think of……

	“So that’s why Suzune came to me? How did you find this place?”

	“Haha,……”

	In the castle town, in front of one of the stalls, Flana and I were meeting a girl.

	She is Amako. She’s a beastman girl who had been traveling with Usato-kun. I found her sitting on a chair, tending to her store, and took advantage of the opportunity to talk to her.

	“It wasn’t hard to find you. After all, this is where you are.”

	“Yes, it was. I’m aware that I stand out.”

	Amako’s existence is known to many people in the Kingdom of Lingle.

	If she’s a cute beast girl who works as a store keeper, it’s probably natural in a way that she attracts attention.

	Flana is surprised to see Amako working as a shopkeeper, exposing her ears, a characteristic of beastmen.

	“I’m surprised. There’s a beastman girl, too:……”

	“I’ve never met an elf before either, so I was surprised.”

	“Huh, you can tell?”

	“Yes. I’m a user of precognitive magic. Nice to meet you, Flana. I’m Amako.”

	I chuckle at Flana’s eyes widening at Amako’s magic, and we introduce ourselves to each other.

	Flana, who has regained her composure after taking a few deep breaths, looks at me as if she wants to say something.

	“I didn’t hear that you’re a user of precognitive magic…… My heart is taking too much damage.”

	“Haha, sorry.”

	“Besides, a demon and a beast person,…… Suzune’s friendships are very strange.”

	“Hmm?”

	I ask the word companionship and tilt my head.

	Amako and I are certainly friends, but I’m not the one who has deep ties to her.

	“If anything, Usato-kun is the reason why I got to know Amako. And Ferrum, Usato-kun took her prisoner during the battle.”

	“……I don’t know, every time I hear about it, I feel like Usato is a hell of a person……”

	Flana holds her forehead and Amako tilts her head as if to say, “What are you taking for granted?” Amako tilts her head instead.

	As much as I’d like to say so, she won’t believe me until she actually meets Usato-kun.

	“Amako, do you know where Usato-kun is running?”

	“Usato ran through here with the rescue squads on his back with Bluerin a little while ago at…… He’ll be coming through here again soon?”

	He’s also carrying Bluerin on his back?

	Then maybe I’ll get a chance to pet Bluerin.

	Today is the day I want to be able to fondle that blue fur to my heart’s content.

	“Then you don’t mind if I wait here, do you?”

	“That’s okay. Besides, we’ll have more customers when Suzune is here.”

	She’s such a strong girl.

	Admiring Amako, I waited until Usato-kun came running down the street.

	Then, Flana tilts her head, as if some part of our earlier conversation had caught her attention.

	“Hey, I believe you said he was running for training, right? What do you mean he’s carrying Bluerin on his back?”

	“Bluerin is his pet demon. He’s very cute.”

	“Wow, what kind of demon is it?”

	“It’s a blue grizzly. He’s just a kid, though.”

	“……”

	Flana tilted her head with a smiling face, as if she didn’t understand.

	After a few seconds, she finally comes to an understanding, and with a drawn-out expression, she closes in on me.

	“Y-you’re kidding, right? A blue grizzly is a ferocious demon that several adults can’t even stand up to! It’s crazy to think that he’s carrying it on his back!”

	……? I don’t think it’s right for a human to be carrying a bear on his back.

	As a matter of fact, Usato-kun was carrying it out, so my senses were paralyzed.

	“I’m sorry, Flana. Normally, it’s not right to carry a bear on your back. I wasn’t considerate enough.”

	“It’s not right either when there’s a ferocious blue grizzly in the kingdom!”

	“Don’t worry, Bluerin won’t go berserk. Even if he does, Usato can hold him down.”

	“Hold him down? A healing magician is?”

	Flana held her head at me and Amako’s words.

	Her expression was full of frustration, as if she was cornered by something.

	“Could it be possible that I’m being shown illusion magic by someone……? And I’m the only one with illusionary magic……?”

	What should I do? Usato-kun’s story is so out of the ordinary that I’m beginning to think that the reality I’m seeing is a hallucination.

	“……Suzune.”

	“Yea, what is it?”

	Flana, who stood up silently and shakily, grabbed my shoulders with great force and forced me to meet her gaze.

	“F-Flana!”

	“Come back to reality! It’s only in fairy tales that a human can match a demon in arm strength!”

	“No, there are exceptions to things, you know……”

	“That’s a man who can hold a blue grizzly bear with his bare hands and run with it on his back? Such a…… monster of a man!!!!”

	“Oooh!”

	I shuddered at the cry of Flana’s soul.

	It’s really amazing to hear it again from someone else’s mouth.

	I noticed that the people around us were all looking at us, but their gazes were somewhat warm.

	[She’s right, that’s what people usually think.]

	[She’s a sensible girl. I hope she continues to grow up like that……]

	[Nothing is more unrealistic than reality……]

	The pitying eyes of those who know the rescue squad.

	I’m sure the people who witness the rescue squad’s training every day are dazzled by the fact that Flana has common sense.

	“Suzune. Humans can’t defeat demons without using magic……! The hopeless race difference will never be overturned……”

	It’s an incredibly serious scene, but I can’t even laugh at the fact that there are two healing magicians who are overriding it with their arm strength.

	However, there is nothing that can explain Usato-kun’s power, so there is nothing I can do about it.

	“Oh, Usato’s here.”

	“”!””

	At the sound of Amako’s voice, Flana and I both looked at the back of the street.

	Then, like Moses, the crowd cracked open, and we saw several figures coming from it.

	[You guys! You guys must have relaxed while I was gone huuuuuh! You stupid bastards!!!!!]

	[That should be my line, you bastard! Usato, aren’t you the one slowing down?]

	[Who’s the one who’s slacking?!?]

	[I can take that as a sign of a fight, huuuh!]

	The exchange of words is so loud that I can hear it from a short distance away.

	One of them sounds familiar, but it’s much rougher than I remember, and my mouth twitches.

	[Then let’s up the pace you fuckers!]

	[[Bring it on asshole!]]

	[Why am I even here?]

	Flana and I saw in our field of vision five strong men and a huge figure running in the middle of them ——- or, to be more precise, Usato-kun carrying a blue grizzly with an unconscious silver-haired girl strapped to his back.

	Nea, the messenger.

	The demon Ferrum.

	The demon Bluerin.

	Usato-kun, a human.

	It’s not a trinity, it’s a tetrahedron.

	I don’t dare to comment on the fact that the owl on Bluerin’s head has somewhat vacant eyes.

	“Oh, Amako and…… Senpai? Heeeey!”

	When he noticed us, he waved at us.

	The girl, Ferrum, strapped to Bluerin’s back with her clothes swaying, but now is not the time to worry about her because I have to deal with Flana, who just can’t even speak to the reality in front of her.

	“Aaaa… AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH T-THAT’S IMPOSSIBLE, but all that… you must be lying to me……”

	“This thing called Usato-kun is…… really……”

	But, Usato-kun. You always go far beyond my expectations……!

	It’s frustrating…… very much so! But that’s what I love about you too……!





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	This time, it was the appearance of Flana, the common sense elf.

	It’s a very valuable position for a genuine tsukkomi in this work.





Chapter 152

	When Usato-kun appeared in front of us, Flana was standing there looking stunned.

	The man in question urged his friends in the rescue squad to go ahead, then lowered Bluerin with Ferrum on it to the ground and faced me and Amako once more.

	“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to interrupt your training……”

	“No, that’s okay though. Aside from Amako…… What is senpai doing here?”

	“I was looking for you.”

	“Me?”

	I tapped the still-falling-apart Flana on the shoulder, bringing her back to her senses and encouraging her to introduce herself.

	“Uhm, right yes, my name’s Flana. It’s hard to tell right now with my hood up, but I’m an elf.”

	“Elf……? Oh, the one Kazuki met on his journey,…… Nice to meet you, I’m Usato Ken. The owl over here is my familiar, Nea.”

	The owl, which had remained silent on Usato’s shoulder, stared at Flana from her toes to the top of her head. It looks as if she is observing her, but it’s the privilege of being cute so I let it off.

	I wonder if she’ll let me fluff her later.

	Perhaps my evil thoughts have leaked out, Nea with all her hair bristling, moves to the opposite shoulder of Usato to hide from me.

	I was soberly shocked, and Flana looked a little surprised at Usato-kun’s normal response.

	“You don’t need to use honorifics with me. I think we’re probably about the same age, human age-wise.”

	“Eh, I see…… Well then, nice to meet you again.”

	……W-Wait a minute!? Isn’t this a good opportunity to get Usato to drop his honorifics for me as well?

	I’m not too pushy here, but I’ll try to start casually.

	“Usato-kun, you don’t need to use honorifics with me either. In fact, you can call me by my nickname without hesitation, Suzu-tan!”

	“I cannot do that.”

	“Why not?!”

	“Because senpai is senpai.”

	He rejected me like a flowing stream!

	Bitterly laughing at me for being so upset, he looked around.

	“It’s a little conspicuous here. Why don’t we talk somewhere else?”

	“In that case, there’s a place to sit next to the store.”

	At Amako’s urging, I sat down where the wooden boxes were.

	On that occasion, Amako who was asked to take over the shop had somehow secured a seat next to Usato-kun.

	It was such a natural movement that I didn’t feel that it was wrong of her to do so.

	“Usato, why is this person on Bluerin’s back?”

	Amako asked Usato about Ferrum, the demon girl on Bluerin’s back.

	“She collapsed while running. Because of her position, I couldn’t just leave her here, so I strapped her to Bluerin and carried her away.”

	“Hmmmmm.”

	Amako listens to Usato-kun’s story and gives Ferrum a sharp look for a moment.

	What is it with her? As I tilted my head, Amako lowered her voice slightly and spoke to Usato.

	“Are you sure about that? That person seems to already be awake.”

	“!!!”

	Amako’s words made Ferrum’s body shake with fear.

	However, Usato-kun on the other hand smiled smugly.

	“Hahaha. Of course I’m aware of it. I’m planning to make her run until she faints after this.”

	“……!?”

	“I see. I’m a little surprised though. I can’t believe Usato’s not mad.”

	“Well, to be honest, I didn’t think she’d want to take the initiative to participate in our training. That’s why, for my part, I’m glad that Ferrum is participating in the rescue squad’s training. Maybe I’m just too focused on the training.”

	A smile without a hint of malice.

	However, Ferrum on Bluerin’s back is shaking her head to indicate her rejection, but Usato-kun is talking with Amako without noticing it.

	“She tried to keep up with us earlier and pushed herself too hard, so I’m letting her rest for now, afterwards I’ll firmly assist her as a healing magician and make her run.”

	“Oh, is that okay?”

	“Don’t worry. I won’t let her faint.”

	Ferrum shivered as Usato said this with a smile.

	A kindness without any malice. But when it comes to the standards of the rescue squad, it’s so terrible that it transcends malice or good intentions.

	“What should I do, Suzune? I couldn’t understand what’s okay or not anymore.”

	“Don’t worry. Me too.”

	The words that would make me flutter if said to my face are not at all enviable in a different situation.

	……No, I would be lying if I was a little jealous, though.

	As I was struggling inwardly, Flana asked Usato-kun a question.

	“U-Uhh, uhmm, why are you running with a blue grizzly on your back?”

	“To train, I guess that’s the main reason. My role in the rescue team is to move and heal people who are wounded in battle to safety, so I’m training like this so that I don’t get tired at a critical moment.”

	“Oh, yeah, I see……”

	It may look shocking on the outside, but Usato-kun’s training has a well-defined purpose.

	I guess you could say it’s Rose’s skill that she’s able to train with a proper understanding of the significance, rather than just training her body in the dark.

	“I’d like to ask you about the Wicked dragon as well, if that’s okay?”

	“Oh that? That’s totally fine.”

	Usato-kun nodded after giving Amako and Nea a look.

	To him, Amako and Nea were both involved in the fight against the wicked dragon, so I guess he was checking to see if they confirm?

	“First of all,……, did you really defeat the wicked dragon?”

	“I didn’t defeat it by myself, but…… in a sense, we defeated the wicked dragon.”

	“……What kind of opponent was it?”

	“A dragon corpse…… with scars all over its body? Still, it had great power, deadly poison, and scales that would not allow a half-hearted attack. I also tried to hit it, but it was too hard to get through and my fist felt electrifying.”

	“You what?! You hit the wicked dragon?!”

	Flana was surprised by the statement, but Amako on the other hand nodded in agreement with Usato-kun’s words.

	“I was surprised at that time too. Usato, you usually go for the punching bag.”

	“That’s the quickest way to find out for sure.”

	Amako and Usato-kun exchange nostalgic words with each other.

	Let’s not worry too much about the fact that the conversation is very surreal.

	……Honestly, if I hadn’t heard about the wicked dragon from Usato-kun beforehand, I think I would have reacted the same way as Flana did.

	“Are you really a healing magician?”

	“Huh? What do you mean by that……?”

	“Well, normal healing magicians don’t carry blue grizzlies on their backs or punch wicked dragons, so I thought that…… you’re too far away from being a human.”

	“………… He-heh………”

	He glares at Amako with his smile twitching, who is holding back her laughter as she looks sideways at Usato-kun, and he coughs once before opening his mouth.

	“It’s true that I’m a little different from the average healing magician, but I’m still a healing magician. You can say I’m a bit of an overtrained healing magician…… There’s nothing special about me other than that.”

	“A little? I don’t think ‘a little’ can describe you? You can’t do that, Usato. Don’t lie to me.”

	“Hmm, is this where I can keep your mouth shut?”

	Amako hurriedly covered her forehead as Usato-kun took a decoupling stance.

	His physical abilities were the result of his bloody efforts.

	I’m sure I can’t even begin to imagine how many hardships and unspeakable tormenting experiences his words, spoken without a second thought, must have gone through.

	“……There are other people like this besides Kazuki. I feel like I’ve just been reminded of how naive I am……”

	Is that the right place to describe as naive?……

	I feel that the existence of healing magicians like Usato-kun and Rose-san should be treated as rather out of the ordinary.

	“Can I ask something this time?”

	“Oh, yes. What is it?”

	“Is there any connection between the monster that Kazuki fought and the wicked dragon?”

	In response to Usato-kun’s question, Flana paused for a few seconds before opening her mouth.

	“That’s…… not for me to know. My grandmother’s fortune-telling says only that it’s three plagues that are eating away at the continent. But if there’s any similarity, it’s that they were both sealed away by the previous generation of heroes.”

	“……Sealed by a hero, right. If the wicked dragon’s awakening was unintentional, but the ravenous monster’s awakening was intentional,……”

	Three calamities are consuming the continent.

	I’ve killed one of them, a man-eating thunder beast, but it was just a mutated monster.

	However, the beings that Usato and Kazuki fought are the same in terms of the root cause of their occurrence.

	They were both “unsealed”.

	Perhaps Usato is wondering about this too.

	“Do you think it was the work of the previous hero that woke up the ravenous monster, Usato-kun?”

	“I don’t know. The hero is no longer in this world…… I thought about the possibility that the previous hero is still alive, but that would be too ridiculous……”

	“That’s certainly true.”

	Ordinary humans can’t live for several hundred years.

	It’s not unthinkable that the previous generation of heroes might, but there’s too much judgmental material to conclude that.

	“The most likely thing is revenge on the people who used them, but I don’t understand why that would be on people hundreds of years in the future.”

	“If it’s revenge, it should be directed at the people of that time who made them suffer unreasonably, right?”

	Looking back, what is the previous generation of heroes that we know?

	A hero who saved humanity from the threat of the Demon King?

	A tragic person who was exploited by humans?

	Although hidden behind the glamorous legends and sagas, the battles of those days must have been horrific and far from beautiful.

	What did the heroes of the past who fought through the glimpse of that reality try to do?

	“There’s no point in thinking about it, is there?”

	Nea voiced out as we were pondering about it.

	Next to me, Flana showed a “What……?” face which I don’t know how many times I’ve seen that expression today.

	“That’s true. It’s better for me to move my body without thinking than to think about the details. Amako, senpai, Flana-san, it’s about time I get back to training.”

	After saying that, Usato-kun stood up and shifted his gaze to Ferrum, who was at Bluerin’s back.

	She was still pretending to be unconscious as before, but her shoulders shook greatly as if she was afraid when Usato called her name.

	“Okay, Ferrum. It’s time to get up. We’re running now.”

	“……D-don’t worry about me, you should be doing your own training.”

	“Sigh. Ferrum…… did you think I’m that heartless?”

	Shrugging his shoulders in disbelief, Usato-kun lifted Ferrum’s collar with one arm and made her stand up before speaking with a serious expression.

	“Don’t worry, I won’t abandon you, no matter how weak you are or how badly you fall. I’m going to get you back up on your feet, and I’m going to push you to run on that back of yours.”

	“Oh, uh, yeah…… No, wait! That means you’re going to force me to run no matter what! I’m at my wits’ end!”

	“If you still have the energy to whine, that means you can still do it! The real limits are the ones you can’t remember. As long as you can say you’re at your limit, you’re fine!”

	“This guy doesn’t listen to me at all?!?”

	“Give it up. He’s probably listening to you but ignoring you.”

	The ex-black knight was half crying when some kind of switch was flipped on her and she went into hot-blooded mode.

	Nea looks somewhat distant at Usato-kun’s reaction.

	I’m not sure if it’s a familiar sight to Amako, but she’s not going to let it get to her.

	“Okay, Bluerin! I’m going to do that thing I did in Lukvis! Get on my back!”

	“Grrr!”

	“And Nea, give me a binding spell!”

	“Yeah yeah……”

	Usato was getting into the groove, carrying Bluerin on his back.

	Nea’s magic had spread a thin layer of magical patterns all over his body, and Usato-kun locked on to the retreating Ferrum——- running so fast she could have been mistaken for a raging bull.

	Ferrum’s face contorted in horror at the sight of Usato-kun’s bizarre run, as she ran for her life.

	“I don’t get it, I don’t get it! Why are you chasing me!”

	“There’s nothing difficult about it! Don’t worry about it and just run! It’s the same way Knack went! Fuhahahahaha!”

	“Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?”

	Usato-kun and Ferrum disappeared in the blink of an eye with screams and laughter that seemed to echo throughout the kingdom.

	As soon as the people in the castle town saw them off, they immediately returned to their normal lives as before.

	Like them, Amako, who was standing next to them, looked up at us with a small sigh.

	“Well then, I’m going back to guard the store.”

	“Eh…… yeah, good luck……”

	“Yeah.”

	Amako walked back into the store.

	I spoke to the still stunned Flana with a little bit of respect for her, who wasn’t fazed at all.

	“Well, as expected of Usato-kun, right? Like the storm.”

	“……”

	“Hmm, Flana?”

	“Just now……”

	I listened to Flana, who muttered something to me.

	“Didn’t that…… owl just…… talk?”

	“Oh, did I not mention that? Usato-kun’s familiar is a vampire. She’s cute in her owl form, but she’s also really cute in her real form.”

	“……”

	“Hmm? What’s the matter with you, approaching me with such an angry look on your face?…… Fumuuuuu!?”

	All of a sudden, Flana came over to me and pressed both of our cheeks together.

	The suddenness of it all makes me sound dumb with surprise.

	“……Su-zu-neeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!”

	“Wroo-Wroot arf you doooriiiin!? (What are you doing?!?!)”

	“Why didn’t you say something earlier! Also, are all otherworlders like that? Or is he the only one who’s crazy?”

	For the time being, it seems that she has got to know Usato-kun, but the encounter with him was a shock to her in many ways.

	That being said, if you don’t get your hands off my cheeks soon, my cool image as a hero will be destroyed…… also, she’s surprisingly strong.

	“Funuuhk.”

	“If you’re still hiding something, tell me now……! Is he hiding a ridiculous weapon, or using magic in an unusual way, or fought and survived an enemy even harder than the wicked dragon……! Spit it out now……! If you don’t…… I’ll lose all sense of common sense!”

	What to do, the fact that all of that is true.

	My expression twitched as she played with my cheeks, and I spent the next hour trying to figure out how to explain this to Flana.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	It was Usato-kun who was more lively than usual when it came to training.

	As I mentioned in the activity report, I posted a new story for the new year.

	The title is “The Wrong Way to Use Anti-Poisoning Skills: Breaking Through the Limit by Strengthening Potions”.

	If Usato is the type of protagonist who trains and trains and trains, this is the type of protagonist who strengthens and strengthens and strengthens.

	The content of the story is a slightly offbeat class transfer.





Chapter 153

	I’ve been running around the country with a bunch of tough guys, chasing Nack and Ferrum around on my back with Bluerin, and spending my days as a rescue squad, but today I wasn’t training, I was visiting the castle.

	The four of us were gathered in a room in the castle: me, Arc-san, Amako, and Nea.

	In front of us, seated in the chairs provided was Alfie-san, the woman who had explained to me and Amako about other countries when we set out on our journey, looking at us with pen in hand and eyes full of anticipation.

	“It looks like everyone has gathered here.”

	“Yes, we are.”

	A report of the events that happened on the way of the journey.

	However, I was aware that the trip had been so dense that an hour or two was not enough time to report, so I asked Alfie-san to summarize the report once and then I would show it to Lloyd-sama.

	“Oh, I’m looking forward to it! I can’t believe I’m going to get to hear about an adventure story full of vicissitudes! I heard that you had unimaginable experiences, so I was so excited last night that I couldn’t sleep at night! So, Usato-sama, the format of today’s report is that I will be writing the report, and you can just tell us about your trip in a light-hearted manner! Hm? You think I can’t write so quickly? No need to worry. I’m used to reading and writing fast because of my profession!”

	“Usato, isn’t this guy talking too long? He talks so fast that I can only catch about half of what he says.”

	“He hasn’t changed at all.”

	Nea and Amako who had come along with me said this in a slightly reluctant tone.

	I’ve only met this person once, but I remember him well because of his strong impact.

	“Arc-san, should I talk to her instead?”

	“Yes, you should. We’ll supplement the parts that are vague in your memory.”

	I’m nervous when it comes to reporting.

	I’ll try to order my speech in my mind so that it won’t be confusing.

	“Alfie-san, is it okay if I start my report?”

	“Yes, whenever you’re ready.”

	“So, let’s start with our departure from Lukvis–“

	Before arriving in Samaria, I talked about the situation where Nea tricked me and as a result, I had to fight the wicked dragon.

	Alfie-san was listening to me with a high level of tension, but after about thirty minutes, his expression began to tense up.

	“Well, that owl on your shoulder is a familiar, a vampire, a necromancer and the one who revived the…… wicked dragon? Why is this happening when we haven’t even arrived in Samaria? You’re in a lot more trouble than you’ve been told……?”

	Next, we talked about the events in Samaria.

	For this, Lucas-sama informed the Kingdom of Ringle that I had something to do with the lifting of the royal curse, so I can honestly tell them what happened in Samaria.

	“The curse of Samarial! Why are you involved in such a disturbing thing when I went to give you a letter! Eh, did physical attacks work on the ghost? Why are you trying to hit a ghost in the first place?”

	I don’t know why I was being scolded.

	After calming her anger for the time being, I resumed my report.

	Next, I reported on the events in Mia Rak—-

	“I knew this from the article, but you’re challenging a dragon person with your bare hands…… yeah……”

	After being blatantly pulled away, I also finished my report on Hinomoto, the Land of Beastmen.

	Alfie-san, who was interested in the culture of the beastmen, showed an unusual interest in this report, so I gave her some information that did not touch the secrets of the beastmen country.

	It took two hours.

	After listening to all the reports and arranging the bundles of reports, she took a breath and looked up.

	“Let me conclude. If I show this to Lloyd-sama as it is, he will collapse from the shock.”

	“That severe?!”

	“Even I would have a stroke too…… You’re in too much danger everywhere you go……”

	I don’t know what to say to Alfie-san, who has a somewhat tired expression on his face.

	The owl on my shoulder is saying, “Well~ Obviously.”

	I’m aware that I’ve been on an unusual journey, but I didn’t expect it to be such a shock.

	“Anyway, I’ll summarize the report here.”

	“I’m sorry. I’m afraid I’m going to have to leave it to you……”

	“No, no, that’s my job, too. And although I was surprised, I also heard a lot of interesting things, so rather I should be thankful.”

	As for me, I’m afraid I’m going to be up all night with that smile on my face.

	As I returned an awkward smile to Alfie-san, who was beaming with happiness, a question suddenly came to my mind.

	Passing the letter to another country was the purpose of our trip, but what would happen after that?

	“Well, we handed over the letters to the countries, but what happens after that? Will they form an alliance?

	“That’s right. Right now, we are trying to coordinate with other countries for the next attack of the Demon King’s army.”

	Collaboration with other countries, huh?

	Joining forces would be more important than anything else in confronting the threat of the Demon Lord’s Army.

	“Is everything going well?”

	“It’s going smoothly, thanks to Usato-sama, Kazuki-sama, and Suzune-sama.”

	Thank goodness. I guess what we did wasn’t in vain.

	“When I first received the order, I was worried that I wouldn’t be able to deliver the letter, but I guess I can do it if I try.”

	“I guess it’s not that, it’s just that a lot of the kings and such that we met were special people.”

	“Yeah, I guess. I know it sounds a little bad, but there weren’t any decent people.”

	Don’t say it, because I have too many ideas when I think about it.

	Lucas-sama, the king of Samaria, who is light on his feet and plans to take me into his registry.

	Norn-sama, the Queen of Mia Rak, who was covered in potions when we met.

	Jinya-san, the head of Hinomoto was ready to trap us from the beginning.

	……Now that I think about it, I really think I’ve met a lot of people.

	“This time, we’re taking some countermeasures based on our previous mistakes.”

	“Countermeasures? Against the demon king’s army, right?”

	“Yes. One of those countermeasures is to detect the advance of the Demon Lord’s army as soon as possible.”

	“Is it true that there are guards posted near the territory of the Demon King?”

	Alfie-san nodded at Arc-san’s words.

	“So you knew about it, Arc-san. In the last battle, we were too late to anticipate the attack of the Demon King’s army, so we had to place a sentry.”

	“……I see.”

	Before, it was really just a sudden attack.

	If we have more time, we can take various measures as well, so we won’t have to worry about the Demon King’s army doing whatever they want.

	“The rest can be done at…… In the not too distant future, the people representing the three neighbouring countries will gather for a meeting.”

	“And by neighbouring countries, you mean……?”

	“The three countries are the Kingdom of Calm Helio, the Kingdom of Nirvarna, and the Kingdom of Samaria, where Usato-sama went. The representatives of the four kingdoms, plus the Kingdom of Ringle, will be meeting in the magic city of Lukvis.”

	Calm Helio and Nirvarna……

	That’s the country…… that senpai and Kazuki gave the letter to, right? As for Calm Helio, I only remember the name because it is the place where the article about Senpai and I circulated.

	“Perhaps, Kazuki-sama, Suzune-sama, and Usato-sama, who delivered the letter, will also be heading to the meeting.”

	“It wouldn’t make sense for me to go right? You see, I’m a healing magician, so for appearances’ sake, I’ll just go…… with Kazuki and senpai.”

	“That’s not going to happen, Usato-dono.”

	“Do you really think you’re an ordinary healing magician?”

	“It’s okay for you to have more confidence in yourself, Usato-dono.”

	I tried to say no, but was immediately corrected by my friends.

	I’ll be punishing Nea later in the name of training…… A meeting with Lukvis, huh?

	If I have time, I might be able to meet Kiriha and the others……

	“Well, the meeting itself is a little while away, so you don’t have to worry about that right now.”

	“I see.”

	Let’s leave the meeting behind, shall we?

	For the time being, we finished our trip report, so we decided to break up there.

	We parted ways with Arc-san, who was returning to his duties as the castle guard, and we walked slowly through the castle.

	As we walked slowly through the castle, Amako looked sideways at Nea, who was walking with us in her unusual humanoid form, and asked her a question.

	“So, Nea, are you doing well in the rescue squad?”

	“No, of course not……!”

	Nea somewhat overreacted to Amako’s question as she walked next to her.

	I don’t think there’s anything I can deny that strongly,” I thought to myself.

	“The monster next to me is still a training idiot, the people around him with the horrible faces are just as bad as him, and the boss is just too much bullshit for words! She’s even worse than Usato… I think I’m going crazy!”

	“What kind of training idiot are you?”

	Training is a large part of the daily life of the Rescue squad.

	I’m just carrying on with my daily routine, you know.

	“I’m sorry, but……! The only sane person in there is that demon girl!”

	“What about Nack? I’m pretty sure he’s on the rescue squad too, right?”

	“………What if I say he’s a mini version of Usato?”

	“Ahhh…… okay.”

	“Wait a minute.”

	Don’t go with the flow as well, Amako.

	What do you mean, “mini me”?

	Nack is like a role model for the rescue squads, taking the initiative in voluntary training without me telling him.

	When I explained this to Amako, she gave me a more disgusted look.

	No, let’s change the subject.

	“Well, come to think of it, Nea got along pretty well with Ferrum, didn’t she?”

	“Haaaah?! There’s no way that’s true!”

	That’s exactly what Nea refutes, as if she can’t admit it.

	From the sidelines, it looks like they get along well.

	“That cheeky demon, she takes my food, she doesn’t bother with the bedding, she doesn’t do her washing properly, she’s so sloppy she’s practically a grown up child!

	“……Amako, what do you think?”

	“I think they just don’t want to admit it because they’re so similar. After all, they don’t know that they’re unconsciously taking care of each other.”

	“Right~”

	She’s a former village girl.

	So she’s a dependable lady, so she’s taking care of her.

	It was probably a good decision to put her on duty with Ferrumu.

	However, she is a bit sloppy in her daily life.

	It is not unreasonable to think about her own origins and the circumstances of the dark magician that Koga told us about.

	“But I think I should get on with training Ferrum about what it means to live in the rescue squad.”

	“I don’t even want to think about what led me to that thought, but after chasing around town with a bear on your back, you still want to do something…… Even I would feel sorry for her.”

	“No, you’re not out of this exception.”

	“……What?”

	At my words, Nea put a finger to her chin and tilted her head.

	Amako muttered, “Oh, it’s started again,” as she pulled her hood up tightly.

	I need to do something about Ferrum’s sloppiness in her daily life, but there were things about Nea I need to help as well.

	“I’ve been thinking about this for a while. I’ve been meaning to work on your physical side.”

	“But, but I’m the type of person who uses…… magic and other things to assist me…… Hey, look! I’ve been training with Usato using magic right? I-Isn’t that already enough?”

	“Until now, you’ve been observing……, which means it’s a trial period.”

	I slowly shake my head as Nea speaks in a desperate manner.

	As for the current training, I’ve seen definite results. But it’s only training for me.

	If that’s the case, Nea and Bluerin will never grow up.

	“In the future, we may need you to fight against enemies like Koga, who do not hesitate to use any means necessary. But it’s also a battle where you, with your low durability, will be the first target.”

	I clenched my fists tightly, remembering my deadly battle with Koga.

	I really don’t want to find myself in a situation where I have to fight, but I have to think about it.

	Fighting a strong enemy would mean that Nea would be in greater danger of being attacked.

	“What do we do for that? The only thing that’s obvious is…… training.”

	“I’ve been thinking about this for a while, but stop trying to solve everything with training! I don’t want to build muscle or anything for nothing!”

	“Don’t worry. All you need to work on is your strength ‘here’.”

	I indicated my chest with my thumb while trying to look cool.

	That’s right, it’s not just your body that you can train in the rescue squad. It’s also the mental strength to endure any kind of abuse and suffering.

	“If your mind is strong, you can keep your cool in any situation. Yes, even if a sword snatches you by the nose.”

	“Now that I’ve got to that point, will there really be a heart at all……?”

	……

	“………There is!”

	“Where!!”

	“I’m the proof. Nea, do you think I don’t have a heart?”

	“Can’t you see that your very existence is a source of anxiety?”

	That’s a terrible thing to say.

	I may have changed a bit compared to when I was a normal high school student, but I’m still me.

	“Hey, Usato.”

	“Hmm?”

	As I was thinking about how to persuade Nea, Amako, who had been silent until now, called out to me.

	Nea, who had been teary-eyed, looked at Amako as if asking for help, but she didn’t care and spoke up.
