	“A difference in consciousness, huh?”

	“The Kingdom of Ringle is trying to seriously prepare for the battle against the Demon King’s army. The Kingdom of Calm Helio is trying to go into battle to lend strength to the heroes. And the Kingdom of Nirvana, which is trying to fight against the Demon Lord’s army with only pure fighting spirit. All of them have the same will to fight against the Demon King’s army, but they will always differ in some way.”

	The Kingdom of Ringle is defending its own country and surrounding areas.

	The Kingdom of Calm Helio is for the sake of the heroes they believe in.

	The Kingdom of Nirvarna is purely for fighting the Demon King’s army.

	I’m not sure how to put it, the goals are certainly the same, but they differ in some way.

	“In order to guide them well, we need a role that encourages the story to proceed smoothly.”

	“And that would be you, Lucas-sama?”

	“Exactly. Supposedly, Lloyd is spending all his time working on the battle against the Demon King’s army. In such a situation, there’s no way he can manage a meeting with a group of apparently unimportant people. It has to be someone with a certain amount of position, power of speech, and trust.”

	You’ve been thinking hard about the meeting, haven’t you……?

	But isn’t it actually quite a challenge to make Lucas-sama decide to come here? No, even though the sisters and brothers of the Kingdom of Calm Helio were certainly people with strong egos.

	“Thank you very much. Lucas-sama.”

	“As for me, I owe you a debt of gratitude. I have to do this much, don’t I?”

	“……Yes. So what’s the reason for the other one?”

	If that’s the first reason, are the rest of the reasons really that serious?

	When I was preparing myself for this, Lucas-sama, who had relaxed his shoulders, gave me a pleasant smile.

	“The rest of the reasons are Eva’s social studies!”

	My body relaxes with a gasp.

	I didn’t think that was the reason, but I know it’s a unique opportunity for Eva, who has never known the outside world until now.

	“I understand your concern. But there’s nothing to worry about. I’ve got a team of knights that I’ve selected to guard her. With them, Eva will be safe.”

	“You mean the sky-blue knights outside?”

	“Yes. I had them form a squad to replace Fegnis. Aside from their own individual abilities, they are incomparably strong in group battles.”

	I think I might have overheard the murmurings outside earlier. Only sky blue.

	It’s true that when I caught Eva, she reacted and moved instantly. From that speed, Eva would have been saved by the knights even if I hadn’t gone to help her.

	“They all are very interesting people. They teach me a lot of things that I didn’t know.”

	“Really? What kind of things do they teach you, for example?”

	Perhaps intrigued, senpai asked, and Eva looked up at the ceiling of the carriage and held up her index finger.

	“That’s right. Like how to keep a big fish from escaping, the basics of hunting, and how to cook.”

	“They’re really teaching you a lot of things huh?”

	“Yes. Everyone is so kind.”

	But big fish and hunting, huh?

	It’s kind of a noisy thing for a princess to learn, but I’m sure Eva is happy because everything is new to her.

	“Unaware bride training……?”

	“What’s wrong?”

	“No, it’s nothing. I was just a little shaken by Samaria’s giftedness……”

	While I was puzzled by the shivering senpai, I looked at the scenery outside.

	What? This road is near the inn where we’re staying.

	“Lucas-sama. Our inn is somewhere around here, so would you mind if we dropped off here?”

	“Yes, of course.”

	At Lucas-sama’s instruction, the carriage stopped and the door was opened.

	I get out of the carriage with senpai and turn to Lucas-sama and Eva.

	“Thank you for driving us here. Eva and I will talk to you again when we have more time.”

	“I’ll see you around. Eva.”

	“Yes!”

	I waved goodbye to Eva, who nodded happily, and started walking with senpai down the road leading to the inn.

	In the middle of this, without warning, senpai clenched her fist and turned to face me.

	“Usato-kun!”

	“Eh, what’s wrong? With such a loud voice……”

	“Usato-kun, I think I’ve found my biggest rival in this world……!”

	“Uh… huh……? Um, good luck with that?”

	“Yeah, I’ll do my best! I definitely will!”

	I turn around to face forward, wondering why senpai is so full of motivation.

	As far as I could confirm, I was able to meet the representatives coming from Samaria and Calm Helio.

	The rest is the kingdom of Nirvarna that Kazuki mentioned.

	I’ve heard…… that they seem like martial artists, so I should be careful not to get tangled up with them.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Senpai who is loved by the gods of comedy and Eva, loved by the gods of romantic comedy.





Chapter 165

	After reuniting with Lucas-sama and Eva, we met up with Kazuki at the inn and rested until Welsey-san and Sigurds-san returned to prepare for tomorrow.

	I wasn’t physically tired because of my travel experience, but I was mentally tired. After all, I had met Prince Kyle and Princess Nia of Kalm Helio, Lucas-sama, and Eva all in one day. I needed some time to sort out the information.

	But as I was gathering my thoughts in my room, I was greeted by a voice that said, “Usato-kun, I’m here to play!” Like a high school boy raiding the room of his classmate’s friend, senpai invaded my room.

	I was taken aback by the fact that senpai was the same no matter where she was, but I also realized that I might have been too nervous with an important meeting in front of me, so I suggested that we invite Kazuki.

	So the three of us gathered in one room, and until the sun went down and Welsey-san, Sigurd-san and the others arrived at the inn, we were chatting about trivial things.

	“So, ladies and gentlemen. I will explain to you the details of the meeting that will take place tomorrow.”

	And now, after a rather unfamiliar and opulent dinner, me, senpai, Kazuki, and Welsey-san were gathered in a room lined with pre-prepared chairs and tables to explain the plans for tomorrow’s meeting.

	“Today, the representatives of the Kingdom of Calm Helio, the Kingdom of Nirvana, the Kingdom of Samaria, and us, the Kingdom of Lingle, are all here. With all the participating countries present, it has been decided that the meeting will take place tomorrow.”

	Although I had relaxed somewhat, I still felt nervous when I heard that a serious meeting was going to take place.

	“As I told you before, this meeting is also meant to be a meeting between you and your representatives, so please behave in a manner befitting your titles.”

	“Yeah we understand, right Usato?”

	“Yes, of course. I’ll be in commander mode at tomorrow’s meeting.”

	I agreed with Kazuki’s words, and smiled with an air of grumpiness between my eyebrows. Then Welsey-san gave a twitching smile and nodded her head.

	Senpai asks her a question.

	“How long do you think the talk will be?”

	“The talk will end depending on what they are about…… probably won’t be over in a day. The number of reinforcements that will join each kingdom in fighting the Demon King’s army. The number of reinforcements that will join each kingdom in fighting the Demon King’s army, the expected burden and damage caused by that, and other details must be discussed and decided in detail.”

	“I see. It certainly won’t be the end just by asking for help, will it? We also have to think about what happens after the battle with the Demon King’s army.”

	I thought to myself that it was rude but a bit unexpected to see senpai mumbling and pondering like that.

	“Ah, you’re looking a bit like the student council president right now.”

	“You were also the student council president in the original world……?”

	“It’s turned into a complete dead setting now, isn’t it?”

	“I don’t know. I can make use of the student body president setting if I really try!”

	Even though she’s wearing a catsuit, I was sure that she was actually the cool beauty student council president.

	Nowadays, she’s a cool beauty (lol), even though she’s a comical, emotional and fun senpai.

	“Ha, I’ll keep talking. So,……, it was suddenly decided today, Usato-sama.”

	“Yes?”

	“In the middle of the meeting, they want you, who has experience fighting alone with the leader of the Demon King’s army, to explain the situation at the time of the fight.”

	“……What?”

	In a meeting where each country is represented, I’m going to explain the situation when I fought with Koga?

	I’m not used to speaking in front of a large number of people, so this was an incredibly difficult task for me.

	That’s exactly what the student council president, senpai, would have done for me.

	“We offered to provide an explanation, but the two representatives of Nirvana and Calm Helio kingdoms insisted on hearing it from Usato-sama’s mouth…… I’m sorry.”

	“Oh, please don’t apologize! But I’m not allowed to talk about what happened in Hinomoto…… the Land of Beasts……”

	This was because the civil disturbance that had occurred in Hinomoto was something that could have become a major incident that could affect the human realm if it was not handled properly. If it was brought to the attention of people who represented the country, rather than people who didn’t have a deep knowledge of beastmen, there was no guarantee that they wouldn’t change their attitudes towards beastmen into something radical.

	“No, we explained it in the form of stopping the Demon King’s army’s attempt to ask for cooperation from the beastman race.”

	“Then it seems to be okay.”

	I’m not lying.

	It’s true that the Demon King’s Army, Koga and the others negotiated with Jinya-san, the chief of the Beastman Tribe, in order to ask for his cooperation.

	The process is that we ended up fighting Koga after we moved to stop them and to help Amako, but…… The process is complicated, but the result is true.

	“Usato-sama’s explanation is not about what led up to the fight with the Legion Commander, but about his incredible combat power. To be honest, only Usato-sama, the knight Arc-san, and…… Rose-sama are the only ones who have experience fighting a demon race with legion leader class abilities.”

	Rose too? Could it be the demon, Nero Argento, who has damaged her right eye?

	……No, that’s not something to worry about now, is it?

	“But as a healing magician, should I be the one explaining everything? Isn’t the perception of healing magic still the same in other countries?”

	“No need to worry about that. The kingdoms of Samaria and Calm Helio also recognize you, though in different ways. And the Kingdom of Nirvana,…… will probably be fine.”

	“What? Why?”

	Only the Nirvarna Kingdom’s wording seemed a bit strange to me……

	“The Nirvana Kingdom is, how should I put it……, a group of people who rely on their arm strength in both good and bad ways, so I think Usato-sama will be fine.”

	“……”

	She gave me a big smile.

	Kazuki was nodding his head in agreement, and I wondered if the representatives of the Nirvana Kingdom were the kind of people who could tell your fighting strength just by looking at your muscles.

	Or are they the kind of people who would accept a fistfight? That’s easy to do…… Or not! That’s not the right thing to do! I’m a normal civilized person, even if I can look like Rose! I can’t be so savage as to decide everything with my fists!

	“Oh, but don’t worry. The representative is a very cheerful person.”

	“Ha, ha……”

	While giving a vague reply to the information that I wasn’t sure if I should be relieved or not, I was growing anxious about tomorrow’s meeting.

	In the early morning hours of the day of the meeting, just after the sun had come up, I was doing my daily training to drown out the tension of the meeting.

	It wasn’t exactly my usual training, as I was preparing for an important meeting, but I could forget my anxiety and nervousness by moving my body.

	What I didn’t expect, however, was that there was someone else using the training grounds this early in the morning.

	“Hmph! Nuh-uh! Oooraaa!”

	There is one skinny man who has been training against the targets in the training ground since a while ago.

	In the right hand is a hatchet, and in the left hand is a circular shield made mostly of iron. From the sidelines, the man who was manipulating the weapons with tremendous speed and power looked like a man of considerable ability.

	“And just now, he was using a club and a spear……”

	What caught my attention most of all was the fact that his fighting style varied greatly depending on the weapon he was handling.

	As I was running around the training grounds, wondering who else was training, I suddenly heard a voice calling me.

	“Hey, there, boy.”

	“Hmm?”

	I turned around, wondering, and saw the fearless-looking man who had just been swinging an axe at a target waving his hand at me.

	At any rate, he seemed to have called me, so I headed towards him.

	The man, who was in his early thirties, was at least a head taller than me, and his body, which looked slender from a distance, seemed to have been worked out quite a bit.

	I spoke to him, wondering about his short-cut hair and the cut on his cheek.

	“How can I help you?”

	“I was just wondering if you were training here like me and I just had to talk to you. Are you a student of Lukvis?”

	“No, sir. I’m from the Kingdom of Lingle.”

	“Oh, from the Kingdom of Lingle……”

	The man with a hand on his chin and a thoughtful expression on his face.

	I’m not sure who the man in front of me is, but I’m wondering if he’s a knight from…… another kingdom? I don’t think he’s going to be as physically exhausted as I am before an important meeting.

	“Well, that’s all right for now…… My name is Hyde, and I’m from the kingdom of Nirvana.”

	“My name is Usato Ken.”

	“Usato……? I see, so it was you he was talking about.”

	“Yes?”

	“Oh, no, don’t worry about it. More importantly,…… hmm, excuse me.”

	“Whoa!”

	He slapped me lightly on both shoulders and arms.

	I was a little confused by the unmistakable sense of intimidation, but Hyde-san immediately withdrew his hand and gave me a big smile.

	“I think I can get along with you!”

	“Eh? Ah, yes.”

	He gave me a mysterious muscle understanding, but I wonder what it is.

	It’s a personality I’ve never met before. I heard that he was from the kingdom of Nirvana, but I wondered if Kazuki and Welsey-san were really right……

	If you look behind Hyde-san, you’ll see the weapons he was handling earlier all in one place… Just from what I can see, there appears to be quite a variety of clubs, spears, halberds, swords, and hatchets.

	“You can handle so many weapons?”

	“There’s a lot we can handle, but the ones we’re not skilled with are far from top-notch. But our fights are supposed to be about taking the other guy’s weapons at times. If you let your body learn how to handle a certain weapon, you can predict the enemy’s attack and immediately treat the weapon you took as your own.”

	“I see……”

	I hadn’t thought of that.

	I didn’t realize that if you know how to handle a weapon, you can figure out what to do with it when your opponent is using it.

	“Well, I mainly handle axes and shields. Unlike swords, axes aren’t as flowery, but they have their good points. Do you mind if I tell you about them?”

	“Yeah, yeah, sure, I don’t mind.”

	With such a glint in his eyes, I couldn’t help but nod and let him say, “May I speak?” I had no choice but to nod my head.

	After nodding in satisfaction, Hyde-san moved away from me, picked up his hatchet and shield from the ground, and swung them lightly.

	“It’s strong, heavy, and yet it doesn’t have much to do with spilling the blade. It’s better than a sword in continuous combat.”

	“Yes, it’s true that the axe is heavier with each blow, and if the user’s strength is combined, it can smash the opponent’s entire defense head-on…… In fact, it would even be more terrifying if the blade were to spill out.”

	“Yeah, yeah, I understand.”

	He understands.

	He reminded me of Karon and told him honestly, but he seemed very happy with the response.

	“But, you see, the weapon of a skilled axeman is not power. It’s about hooking them.”

	“Hook?”

	“That’s the part.”

	Hyde pointed to the sickle-shaped part of the short-handled axe.

	“By hooking the opponent with this sickle-shaped return, you can seize the weapon, block their movement, and stop them. In this way–“

	He slammed the handle of his axe against the shoulder of the target, hooked the return, pulled the target with all his might, and struck it with the edge of the shield he held so tightly.

	The target was cracked in half by the tremendous blow.

	“–You can use it as a springboard for your next attack. Just because you avoided the blade part doesn’t mean you dodged. If you hit him in the shoulder, you can break his stance; if you hit him in the wrist, you can drop the weapon; if you hit him in the knee, you can make him fall; the neck is out of the question. So when you’re dealing with a skilled axeman, you need to not only avoid the blade, but also take precautions afterwards.”

	“……I hadn’t thought of that before.”

	“You’re not a threat when you’re wielding force. A true user is more focused on reliably taking away the opponent’s fighting strength than on power.”

	Before I knew it, I found myself listening to Hyde-san’s words.

	Although I never use weapons, their countermeasures and such are quite useful. Some of the soldiers in the Demon King’s army used axes, so it’s quite informative.

	Seeing me listening earnestly, Hyde-san, who had lowered his shield and axe to the ground, let out a lively laugh.

	“Hahaha! It’s been a long time since I’ve had such a young man worth teaching. All the newbies these days don’t even try to know anything other than the weapon they’re handling, seriously…… how are they going to fight in a real war when you don’t know your opponent’s fighting style, but…… they’re going to fight on the fly against a weapon they’ve never seen before……?”

	“Um, Hyde-san?”

	“Hmm? Oh, I’m sorry.”

	I’m not sure if this guy is an instructor or something in the kingdom of Nirvarna.

	The explanation was easy enough for me to understand, and more importantly, he had an easy personality that made me feel less distant from people from other countries.

	“Hmm, it’s about time.”

	Hyde-san muttered, looking at the slightly slanted sun.

	“Sorry for interrupting your training, Usato.”

	“No, it’s been a meaningful time for me as well.”

	“I’m glad to hear you say that. I should get going, what about you?”

	“I’m going back to the inn.”

	Hyde-san nodded at my words and started to walk towards the exit of the training ground —– but on his way, he turned around and waved.

	“Then I’ll see you at the meeting, young healing magician!”

	“!”

	Hyde-san walks out of the training ground with a lively laugh.

	Based on his last words, did he know about me? Did he know that I was a healing magician just from my name?

	I wondered about Hyde-san’s words, but returned to the inn where there was water to wash away the sweat I had worked up.

	After meeting the mysterious Hyde-san during my morning training, I dressed myself well and headed to the Great Library where the meeting was to take place.

	I saw senpai and Kazuki in their new outfits as I walked through the library under the guidance of Welsey-san.

	“I’m the same as usual, but senpai and Kazuki’s outfits are proper.”

	Unlike me, who is dressed in the group uniform that symbolizes the Rescue Squad, senpai and Kazuki are dressed in white.

	Cloaks stretching from their backs and right shoulders, and light armor with ornaments. They also wore light armor with ornaments, and boots that made it easy for them to move.

	There seems to be a difference between men’s and women’s costumes, but both are very cool.

	“Yeap. And the overall colour is similar to Usato’s uniform, so there’s a sense of unity.”

	“But if it’s all white like this, it’s going to be pretty noticeable……”

	Kazuki chuckles as he puts his hand on his cloak.

	It certainly looks like the three of us would stand out quite a bit if we were lined up.

	As we’re talking about this, Welsey-san, who’s leading us, turns around.

	“It would look very picturesque with all of you lined up.”

	“Is that so?”

	“Yes, it’s true. We will soon be arriving at the auditorium where the meeting will take place, so please prepare yourselves.”

	Oops, it’s surprisingly close to the entrance.

	It’s called the Great Library, so I thought I’d have to go up some stairs or something, but I guess not. After a little bit of walking, I saw what seemed to be the entrance to the auditorium, just as Welsey-san had said.

	At the same time, I saw several men and women standing there with their backs to me, looking at me. When Kazuki saw them, he gave them a nostalgic smile and ran up to them.

	“It’s been a long time! Chief warrior!”

	“Hmm? Oh, it’s Kazuki! How have you been!”

	There were two men and a woman.

	When I saw the face of the man who turned around at the sound of Kazuki’s voice, I was in awe.

	He is much taller than me, and has a very fearless face.

	“No, but you’re still thin. Eat meat, meat.”

	“Haha, I think I eat more than most people. Oh, and I’d like to introduce you to some of my friends I told you about before!”

	“Yes, I should also greet them as a representative of Nirvana.”

	He then looked over and noticed me, smiled, and raised one hand as if he was greeting a friend.

	“Oh, it’s been a while since our morning training, Usato. Once again, I’m Hyde, the warrior chief of the Nirvana Kingdom Warriors. Please take care of me today.”

	“What?

	Not only senpai, but even those who seemed to be Hyde-san’s subordinates on the other side let out a dumbfounded voice.

	How could I have predicted that would happen?

	Why am I meeting the representative of the Kingdom of Nirvarna before anyone else in the Kingdom of Lingle……?





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Training fools are drawn to each other:……!

	This was Hyde-san, the fresh muscle of Nirvarna.

	In case you’re wondering, I used my own image to describe the use and fighting style of the axe.





Chapter 166

	The Nirvarna Kingdom Warriors, the warrior chief, Hyde-san.

	How is the representative of the kingdom training so hard early in the morning for an important meeting! I thought he might be the representative’s bodyguard, but he was completely different.

	I was so dumbfounded that I couldn’t even speak, but Hyde-san was smiling cheerfully like a child who had successfully played a prank.

	A petite woman with orange hair in a ponytail, who seemed to be his subordinate, was talking to him.

	“Chief Warrior, do you know him?”

	“Yeah, when I was working out in the morning. There was a boy who had been running at a pretty good pace for a long time since sunrise, so I called out to him. Well, at first I didn’t think he was the healing magician I’d heard so much about.”

	I didn’t think he was a representative of the Kingdom of Nirvarna either.

	And then I was pierced by the gaze of my friends who said, “What is this guy doing in the morning?……”

	At Hyde-san’s words, a small woman gave a shocked look.

	“Huh?! We have a meeting and you’ve been training as usual!”

	“Hahaha!”

	“Don’t fool me by laughing! I told you that today is a really important meeting!”

	“Don’t tell everyone, Helena. I know that today’s meeting is a very important one that will affect the future of the people living on the continent. Isn’t that what you want to say?”

	“S-so you know what I’m talking about……”

	The woman called Helena lost her momentum in front of him as she calmly replied.

	Hyde-san looked at her, crossed his arms, and nodded his head.

	“If we are going to have a meeting, we need to be somewhat prepared. That’s why I’ve spent the morning warming up.”

	“The flow of the conversation was obviously strange just now, wasn’t it? Why are you suddenly talking about warming yourself up? In your mind, does the meeting mean going to the battle?”

	Hyde-san laughs cheerfully, but the woman called Helena holds her head.

	As I watched the exchange as if it were someone else’s problem, Hyde-san’s gaze turned to me.

	“Kazuki, you were right, he and the other hero are just as solid and strong as you are.”

	“Because, you know, they’re both-“

	“Of course.”

	“That’s kind of embarrassing. Usato-kun.”

	I nodded vaguely at Kazuki’s words, while senpai was honestly pleased.

	“Not to mention the two heroes, Usato is even better than me when it comes to physical abilities. That’s nothing short of reassuring for an ally to fight with.”

	“No, I’m still inexperienced as well……”

	However, even if I’m superior in physical ability, it doesn’t mean that I’m stronger than him.

	From the training scene in the morning, I intuited that this person was someone who fights with skill, not strength. In other words, just like Leona-san, he is the type who can skillfully manipulate magic and weapons to gain an advantage in battle.

	The most troublesome point was that he was familiar with all kinds of weapons, so he could deal with attacks that he had never seen before.

	When I was thinking calmly and not getting carried away by the praise, I noticed that Helena was looking at me with an incredulous expression.

	“Y-You’re praising him that highly? He looks so normal to me……”

	“I don’t think he’s normal just by his looks though? Look at him, he’s dangerous in many ways. The muscles, especially in the arms and legs, are out of this world. This is indeed a training technique using healing magic invented by Rose of the Rescue Squad. It’s no exaggeration to say that it’s beyond the realm of human beings.”

	Hyde-san looked at my arms and legs and said something like that.

	Does he have some kind of magic eye?

	I’m soberly curious, and Helena-san asks him a question, tilting her head.

	“Every time I think about it, how come you can grasp the muscle structure of others when you don’t have the magical eye?”

	“If you’re my subordinate too, you’ll naturally be able to see.”

	“No, I don’t like it.”

	-Wait, he doesn’t have magic eyes?!

	What a special skill. I don’t know, I kind of want it.

	“……time is running out. We’re on our way. Representatives of the Kingdom of Lingle, meet me at the meeting. You guys, let’s go.”

	“Understood,…… haha.”

	Hyde-san laughed briskly, flipped his cloak and walked to the meeting place, and Helena-san watched his back, let out a sigh and followed him.

	We were stunned for a while by the representative of the Nirvana Kingdom who left like a storm, but then senpai thought of something and clapped her hands.

	“The eyes that look at muscles……, that means muscle eyes, right? Usato-kun.”

	“Welsey-san, Kazuki, shall we go too?”

	“Arere?”

	We went past senpai while she’s muttering about something.

	Feeling a little tired from the raging developments, we stepped into the venue where the meeting was to take place.

	The venue for the meeting was a large space similar to an auditorium.

	Tables and chairs resembling round tables were set up in the large room. We sat down in the seats that Welsey-san had asked us to sit in, although we were a bit reluctant to sit in what looked like a large hall.

	After that, Sigurd-san arrived and we, the representatives of the Lingle Kingdom, all gathered together.

	It seemed that we were the last to arrive, and the representatives of the other kingdoms had already taken their seats.

	Lucas-sama of the Samaria Kingdom and two sky-blue knights who seemed to be his bodyguards waiting behind him.

	Princess Naia and Prince Kyle of the Kingdom of Calm Helio, and their four escorting knights.

	Hyde-san, the warrior chief of the Nirvana Kingdom’s warrior corps, and two warriors, including his subordinate Helena.

	The guards brought by the four kingdoms, including the Lingle Kingdom, were gathered in front of this grand library. When I think of the elite from each of these kingdoms gathered here…… I can’t help but feel a little excited.

	“Now that all the representatives of each kingdom are here, we will begin our meeting. Although it is presumptuous, I, Welsey, the mage exclusive to the Lingle Kingdom, will be facilitating the meeting.”



	My gaze is drawn to Welsey-san, who stands up with a document in her hand.

	Perhaps she’s used to this kind of thing, but she conducts the proceedings with a behavior that doesn’t make me feel nervous.

	“Since this meeting is also called a face-to-face meeting, I would like the representatives of each kingdom to introduce themselves first.”

	“Then, do you mind if I start first?”

	When Welsey-san said that, Lucas-sama was the first one to raise his hand.

	The gazes of the people in this meeting were all focused on him at once, but he still had a relaxed expression on his face.

	“I’m sure my presence is the most questionable thing about you.”

	Lucas-sama looked around at all of us before opening his mouth.

	“I am Lucas Urd Samaria, ruler of the Kingdom of Samaria. For various reasons, Knight-Chief Fegnis has been relieved of his duties. Since no one has yet been found to take his place, I have decided to attend the meeting myself. I’m the king, and I’m attending this meeting without prior notice, but my intentions are the same as yours.”

	I’m looking forward to working with you. Lucas-sama said, and sat down in his seat.

	After a moment of silence, Princess Naia of the Kingdom of Calm Helio stood up.

	“My name is Naia Lark Calm Helio, the first princess of the Kingdom of Calm Helio. I am standing here as a representative on behalf of my father. I am aware that I am inexperienced as a person in charge, but I am standing here now because I want to help in any way I can in the fight against the powerful forces of the Demon King’s Army.”

	Princess Naia, who had finished speaking with a bit of nervousness, sat down with a look of relief, but her expression turned tense as Prince Kyle, who was standing next to her, stood up vigorously.

	“I am Kyle Lark Calm Helio, the First Prince of Calm Helio Kingdom. Gentlemen, I do not like to waste time. Therefore, things should be simple, clear and easy to underst—!?”

	Suddenly, Prince Kyle jumped up and down with a strange scream.

	As I looked on, Princess Naia, who had grabbed Prince Kyle by the neck and forced him to sit in his original seat, bowed her head in some panic.

	“I apologize for my unworthy brother……! I’m letting him attend due to his position, but you can think of him as an ornament……!”

	“Oh, Sister……!”

	“Shut up. How can you call them “gentlemen” in front of all these people? How much more embarrassment do you want to put me through?”

	Why is Prince Kyle here?…… No, I can say the same thing about me, who is probably the lowest in position to say that.

	After all, he had to be there as a prince, didn’t he?

	“Hahahaha!”

	In the slightly loose air, I hear a lively laugh from one of the round tables.

	If you look over there, you can see Hyde-san laughing with his arms crossed in your field of vision, while Helena is in a panic behind him.

	“The prince of the Kingdom of Calm Helio is a man of courage. Yes, young people have to be as daredevil as this.”

	After saying that, Hyde-san stood up and began to introduce himself in a clear voice while looking around at the people sitting at the round table.

	“I’m Hyde, the warrior chief of the Nirvana Kingdom Warriors. I’m the warrior chief of the Nirvana Kingdom Warriors, and although I may seem a bit out of place following the king, princess, and prince, I’d like to talk with you as a representative of my country.”

	With that, the three kingdoms’ introductions were over, and it was our turn as the Lingle Kingdom.

	As I took a small deep breath to keep myself from getting nervous, Sigurd-san stood up and began his introduction.

	“I’m Sigurd, the Knight Commander of the Lingle Kingdom Knights. I would like to express my gratitude on behalf of the Lingle Kingdom Knights for agreeing to this urgent call for talks. I expect that when this meeting comes to an end, we will be able to stand shoulder to shoulder as comrades fighting together.”

	………… I don’t know now, I can introduce myself, but now I’m starting to feel very anxious about having to talk at length about my fight with Koga.

	As a matter of fact, I think I’ve forgotten some things since a while ago.

	I can assure myself that I haven’t forgotten anything, but a strange feeling of frustration is gnawing at the back of my mind.

	Maybe I forgot to put on my uniform…… no that’s not it.

	I have the bracelet that transforms into the gauntlet.

	I’ve been imitating Rose for a while now……

	What am I worrying about at this point in my life?

	I’ve gone through so much trouble to make sure I haven’t forgotten anything. It’s not possible to be careless.

	“Usato-kun?”

	“Yes?”

	“We’re done with me and Kazuki, so we’ll finish with you, Usato-kun.”

	“What?”

	I was so absorbed in my thoughts that a tap on my shoulder brought me back to myself.

	Before I knew it, senpai and Kazuki had finished their introductions, and all eyes in the meeting were focused on me.

	Lucas-sama was smiling at me as if to say, “Hey, hey, what’s the matter, Usato?” Princess Naia and Hyde-san were looking at me with great interest, and Prince Kyle was glaring at me with the same regret as yesterday.

	In such a chaotic situation, I hurriedly stood up, straightened my back, and said the words I had been thinking about again as loudly as I could.

	“I’m Usato Ken, Vice Commander of the Lingle Kingdom Rescue Squad. I’m a young man who was just recently recognized as the vice commander, but I’m looking forward to working with you today.”

	At any rate, there should have been no problem.

	I was fed up with my bland, overly normal greeting. Even so, I sat down in my seat and tried not to let it show on my face.

	Then, senpai next to me spoke to me in a whisper.

	“Usato-kun, are you nervous?”

	“Yeah, I can’t get used to it no matter how many times I experience it……”

	“But, Usato-kun, it’s going to be tough after this.”

	“Yes, it is……”

	I’ll have to explain in front of all these people that I fought with the Demon King’s Army, the Second Legion Commander, and Koga.

	To be honest, it would have been better for me if Welsey-san and Sigurd-san had made it simple, but Princess Naia and Hyde-san wanted me to explain it myself.

	It’s not that I can’t speak, but it’s a lot of work.

	Hmm? Explaining the battle with Koga……?

	“……Wait.”

	In this meeting, I have to tell everyone here about the battle with Koga, right?

	That means I also have to explain how I fought Koga and how I defeated him.

	Which also means… I have to explain to all these people the forbidden art of healing magic with physical force, the “Rapid Healing Fist”.

	The meeting has already started, so there’s no turning back now.

	“W-What should I do……?”

	I couldn’t help but turn pale as I realized this fact now.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	It was Usato who was too preoccupied with the meeting to notice.

	In fact, if you were to ask me how to beat Koga, I’d say, “What? ” when you hear it from the side.





Chapter 167

	As I realized that I had to explain about the Rapid Healing Fist in the meeting where the representatives of each kingdom were gathered, I was thinking hard about what I should say as I listened to the meeting that had started.

	I could tell them, but would they really believe me?……! If I didn’t show them, wouldn’t they call me a liar?

	No, I’m aware that I’ve done some pretty bad things as a healing magician.

	But, but. I didn’t think I’d have to expose myself to that in public……, so it’s tough.

	I’ve been thinking about it for a while now and trying not to show my upset with Rose’s performance, and I’ve been trying to keep my composure by folding my arms and silently continuing to look directly in front of me.

	“In the event of a battle against the Demon King’s army, the strength that Samaria can provide is—“

	“Then, the amount of supplies needed to prepare the fighting force—“

	“What kind of equipment do the demons have, and what kind of physical capabilities do they have?

	While I was doing this, the meeting was progressing moment by moment.

	We have a general understanding of the situation, but the forces that will be assembled against the Demon King Army will be considerable.

	What are the forces that can be brought out from each kingdom?

	The supplies to maintain it.

	And then there’s the most important thing: the war potential of the Demon King’s army and the physical abilities and magic of the individual demons.

	Sometimes we exchange information and opinions.

	While the representatives here were holding talks, there was one person in particular who caught my attention.

	“Chief Warrior Hyde, don’t you think we should first discuss the main force of the Demon King’s army?”

	“That is also important, but the first priority is to solidify the ground strength of our soldiers. When the main force of our side and the main force of the Demon Lord’s army face each other, we should prepare for the battle situation so that our side can maintain the advantage.”

	“So, but…”

	Perhaps sensing that the conversation between Hyde-san and Princess Naia was about to develop into an argument, Lucas-sama interjected as if to break the flow.

	“It’s also important to share information about the Demon King’s army, the one we’re fighting against. With that in mind, may I ask Knight Commander Sigurd, who overcame the invasion of the Demon King’s army twice, if I may speak with him?”

	“Of course.”



	Lucas-sama, who is probably the most familiar with this kind of situation among all of them, is supporting me to make the meeting go smoothly as he explained to me the other day.

	Thanks to Lucas-sama, Welsey-san, who had been so nervous, is now able to relax her shoulders and act as a facilitator, so I’m really glad that he’s here.

	“Hey, hey, Usato-kun.”

	“Yes? What’s up?”

	In the middle of the meeting, senpai spoke to me in a hushed voice.

	I tilted my head at her somewhat subtle expression.

	“You’ve been glaring at Prince Kyle, who’s sitting across from you for a while now, did he do something to you?”

	“Huh? I didn’t mean to……”

	I replied in the same tone of voice as senpai, and when I looked at Prince Kyle, he was pale as he glanced at me.

	I was still pretending to be Rose, so from Prince Kyle’s point of view, it meant that I had been glaring at him the whole time because I was in a bad mood.

	I’m sorry about that, I’ll have to make a proper apology later.

	“Well, don’t worry about him…… Usato-kun, are you okay? Are you nervous?”

	“No, it’s more like I’m nervous–“

	“Usato-sama.”

	As I was about to reply to Prince Kyle’s dry seniority with a wry smile, Welsey-san called my name.

	I turned around, thinking that I would be blamed for wasting time talking at an important meeting, but judging from the apologetic look on Welsey-san’s face, it seems not.

	“Usato-sama, may I ask you to explain about the battle against the Demon King’s Army and the Second Legion Commander in the Land of Beasts?”

	“……Yes.”

	Time goes by so fast.

	While reaching a point of resignation, I spoke to senpai and Kazuki, keeping my voice low so that only they could hear me.

	“Kazuki, senpai.”

	“Yes?”

	“What’s wrong? Usato.”

	When they look at me, I open my mouth with a bit of hesitation.

	“I might reveal something ridiculous now, so please smile gently when I do.”

	“What the hell are you going to do?”

	“What’s really going on?”

	I smiled with some resignation at the two who dexterously interrupted me in small voices, and stood up, looking around at the people in the meeting again.

	No matter how you look at it, Lucas-sama is grinning at me.

	Princess Naia is looking at me with great interest, and Prince Kyle is looking unfaithful.

	Hyde-san looks somewhat excited.

	No matter how I think about it, I feel like I’m going to be discouraged by these people, but I still organize what I’m going to say in my head before I say it.

	“From now on, I’ll explain about Koga Dingal, the commander of the Demon King’s Army’s Second Legion, with whom I fought in the Land of Beasts.”

	If this happens, I have no choice but to be resolute.

	I’ll be honest with them even if I’m taken back a bit.

	As I was making up my mind to do so, Prince Kyle raised his right hand from the seat facing me and spoke up.

	“I want you to wait a moment. First of all, as a prerequisite, did the healing magician there really go to the Land of Beasts?”

	Instantly, Princess Naia’s clenched fist swung down on Prince Kyle’s head.

	“I apologize for my repeated rudeness.”

	“Oh, sister! Because that’s right! You don’t even have any proof that this guy went to the country of the beastmen, let alone the commander of the Demon King’s army!”

	“The fact that Usato-sama went to the Land of Beastmen is proven by the Queen of the Floating City Mia Rak, Norn Elad Miarak-sama, right? In addition to that, why can’t you see why Lucas-sama and Chief Warrior Hyde, who are present here, don’t point out the questions that even you can notice?”

	Prince Kyle returned to his seat with a frustrated look on his face.

	In fact, if you ask me for proof, all you have to do is get a sentence from Hayate with his HootBird who signed the contract at Hinomoto……

	Well, let me get back on track and resume my explanation.

	“Let’s see, when I went to the beastman country, I encountered Koga, the commander of the second legion, who had already asked for help from the beastman tribe.”

	As it was, I explained what had happened in the beastman country, albeit roughly.

	Of course, I’ll leave out the civil war and such, but I’ll tell the story of how I came to fight Koga.

	In the middle of this, Princess Naia asks me a question.

	“What kind of magic did he have?”

	“Dark magic.”

	After all, dark magic is a rare magic, both in a good way and a bad way, and not only the representative but even the knight who was in charge of the escort revealed his agitation.

	“Its ability is to wear a black belt composed of magical power that can be used as both a weapon and armor. The commander of the Second Legion, Koga, wore it and challenged me to a match with his tremendous physical ability.”

	“Hmm, so what did you do?”

	“Of course, I fought back. I wasn’t losing in terms of physical ability, so I think I was able to compete with him.”

	“No, wait, that’s weird.”

	I replied to Lucas-sama, and Prince Kyle interrupted me again.

	Next to him, Princess Naia held her forehead.

	“No, no, no, for once my question is a valid one! Why are you competing against a legion leader with your physical abilities, let alone a demon?”

	“Sigh, Kyle.”

	Princess Naia looked dumbfounded, but she still tweaked her appeal.

	But Lucas-sama, who heard my reply, only laughed pleasantly.

	“Hahaha, you’re still the same. It’s still fresh in my mind that you knocked down our Knight Chief with a single fist.”

	“Look at that. Lucas-sama also said this.”

	“What? You just revealed the fact that you knocked down the chief knight of Samaria…?

	Lucas-sama, you’re not amused, are you?

	No, this guy has a bit of a mischievous side to him, so I’m sure he’ll at least try to make a reckless move just to take a break from the meeting.

	“Back to the topic at hand. My impression of the battle was that Koga’s abilities were quite impressive. Magic that can be used as both a weapon and a shield for any distance, and extraordinary physical abilities. I don’t think there was any way to fight him properly except in close combat.”

	“So you’re saying that we should bring him into melee combat?”

	I nodded at Hyde-san’s words.

	“Yes. But the main problem was that Koga was the best at close combat. In addition to that, his own magical defense was so robust that he could easily prevent even my full force attacks.”

	Prince Kyle looked like he wanted to say something, but Princess Naia silenced him with a glare at that.

	Now that I think about it, it’s foul to overlap the sashes and prevent them from attacking. From the hardness of that sash, it looks like it won’t let magic or swords through, which is not in its nature.

	“So, did you defeat the Second Legion Commander?”

	“We were also wounded quite deeply, but we were able to repel him.”

	That time was really tough.

	It was the first time I had received an attack that could penetrate my body without any thought.

	I won’t have to explain how I defeated it if I explain so much. The main subject was to explain the fighting ability and magic of the Second Legion Commander, Koga, so there was no need to explain how I defeated him.

	With that in mind, I was about to end the conversation when Hyde-san, who had his hand on his chin, opened his mouth in distress.

	“How did you defeat the Second Legion Commander? From what you’ve told me, he was quite an opponent, wasn’t he?”

	Hyde-san’s statement made my shoulders shake with guilt.

	As if he was suspicious of my reaction, Prince Kyle opened his mouth exuberantly while paying attention to Princess Nia next to him.

	“Maybe you didn’t really fight them off, did you?”

	“Kyle.”

	“No. I’ll tell you what. I honestly don’t believe a word you’re saying. You’re telling me that you’re going to take on a legion leader with nothing but your physical strength, and you’re going to beat him? That’s not really true, is it?”

	He smiles and turns to me.

	As for me, I was prepared to be told that, so I wasn’t too upset, but I was more worried about Princess Naia, who was becoming more and more swarthy next to me.

	“Didn’t you just run away in front of the second corps commander and the like–“

	“That’s enough.”

	Just as Princess Naia next to him was about to raise her palm expressionlessly, Lucas-sama’s voice interrupted Prince Kyle’s words.

	Prince Kyle was taken aback by Lucas-sama’s sudden words.

	“If you think about it from a common sense point of view, as he said, it would seem ridiculous that a mere human, even a healing magician, would fight on even terms with a demon race that has physical abilities and magical power that surpasses that of humans.”

	“Yes, I suppose it does.”

	“But you see, I’ve seen Usato fight right in front of me. That’s why I understand why he can’t put into words what he’s fighting. His fighting is, shall we say,…… so beyond the scope of our common sense.”

	After looking around at the people in the meeting, Lucas-sama gives me the same strong-willed look he gave me when we first met.

	“I don’t know all the details of his journey after he left my country. But one thing is for sure, Usato Ken is not a man to run away when faced with an opponent to fight. Isn’t that right, Usato?”

	“……Yes.”

	……What the hell am I doing?

	I wanted to hide my eccentricity, so I gave Lucas-san a lot of trouble.

	I have to be sincere in this situation.

	I should have behaved in an appropriate manner as the Vice Commander of the Rescue Squad and above all as Rose’s disciple. Feeling utterly embarrassed by my immaturity and shallowness, I prepared to tell him everything.

	“I used a technique called the Rapid Healing Fist in fighting off the…… Second Legion Commander Koga.”

	“Healing what?”

	Princess Naia tilted her head at the technique with the name “healing”.

	The others besides her —— especially senpai who hadn’t heard of it before —— looked up at her with a bit of excitement.

	“There’s something I should tell you in explaining this technique. I’m not treating healing magic as a ‘technique to heal people’, but as a ‘technique to subdue an opponent without injury’.”

	“How do you use healing magic?”

	Hyde-san asks, and I tell him honestly, without getting upset.

	“I put healing magic on them, hit them, throw them, throw magic bullets, and try to blind them with magic bullets. It is also possible to work with a user who can handle magic and restrain the opponent.”

	“Blinding? Magic? Restraint?”

	Princess Naia, who was trying to think seriously, muttered in confusion, but frankly, we hadn’t even gotten to the point yet, so we let the conversation continue.

	“Let’s get back to the topic of the healing fist. This technique is the most dangerous of all the techniques I use, so I usually try not to use it, but in the fight with Koga, I had to use it out of necessity.”

	“So it’s a dangerous move to use healing magic?”

	“Yes, it is.”

	I wondered what kind of response I would get.

	It’s a technique that even I, the person using it, was surprised by. If Welshey-san here heard the principle of it, she would probably faint.

	I took a small deep breath and explained about the healing fist to the people who were looking at me.

	“Rapid Healing Fist. It’s a technique where you intentionally unleash systemic enhancement, make it directional, and then strike the opponent in close proximity in succession.”

	“Outburst of systemic enhancement……?”

	Bang! Hyde-san, rising from his chair with vigour, exclaimed in astonishment.

	I’m not sure if the rest of the group understands the danger of what I’m doing, but they can’t hide their surprise.

	……The expression on the face of Welsey-san, who is especially at the edge of my vision, is incredible.

	“It is a technique that can only be successful with the aid of a specially made gauntlet. Without it, I’d probably be gone from the elbow up by now.”

	“It’s brilliant that you can perform systematic enhancement at that age, but even so, intentional outbursts, etc…… are not the idea of an ordinary person……”

	In fact, considering the dangers of systemic enhancement, it’s not surprising that something like that could happen.

	Rather, Leona-san lectured me a lot.

	I should also be prepared to be lectured by Welsey-san, whose eyesight is going to faint after this.

	“……Did that technique get through to the Second Legion Commander?”

	Princess Naia, who was the first to regain her composure here, asks me that.

	“Yes. After slamming into him seven times, he finally broke through the defense, so I slammed my fist into his flesh and knocked him out. I was able to fight him off, but in the end, we ended up splitting the pain.”

	With my rapid healing fist, I was able to drive Koga into a faint.

	However, in the end, the fight ended in a way that was missed.

	“Hahaha!”

	Hyde-san’s laughter sounded in the silent meeting.

	Surprised, I turned my gaze to him and saw that Hyde-san was nodding his head in a deeply emotional manner.

	“Lucas-sama is right, this is truly beyond the scope of common sense! I didn’t think that you had done something far beyond my expectations! That’s absolutely outrageous, the Lingle Kingdom’s rescue squad!”

	“Ha, ha……”

	I couldn’t keep up with Hyde-san’s cheerful tension and could only reply vaguely.

	Then, Hyde-san turned to me and smiled.

	“While you’re here, would you mind if you showed us your healing strikes?”

	“Huh?”

	“Because I can’t really imagine what it looks like from a verbal description. If you don’t mind, I’d like to see it in action.”

	Hyde-san seemed like an excited child when he said that.

	I couldn’t help but nod my head, my cheeks twitching.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	This time, it was Prince Kyle who was doing nothing but interjecting, but the questions he had were natural for someone who didn’t know anything about Usato or the Rescue Squad.

	Well, about half of them were personal grudges or something (lol).





Chapter 168

	The meeting of the four kingdoms was held in Lukvis.

	The first day of the meeting came to an end, and I was quite tired mentally.

	It was because of the presence of the representatives including Lucas-sama, and more importantly, because I, who was not used to such an important discussion, was constantly nervous.

	“——And so, Usato has to show off that disturbing technique.”

	“A disturbing technique…… yeah I guess you can say that?”

	After the meeting, I was about to go to the training grounds we used earlier in the day to get some sleep when I ran into Amako, who was about to visit the inn we were staying at, so we went straight to talking about the meeting and a bit of complaining.

	“We were talking about the meeting and complaining a bit. We’re going to see how powerful it is, right?”

	“How do I do that? I just aim it at the…… target and fire it normally.”

	“I wonder if a normal target can withstand……”

	“I-I mean at the time I will use a weaker version of it?”

	If I really hit them in succession, I’ll lose my magic in no time.

	I’m going to take it easy, that’s for sure.

	“But first, I’ll probably be questioned by everyone today.”

	“That’s Usato’s fault for hiding it.”

	“That’s true, but……”

	It’s easy to imagine senpai’s pursuit, but the problem is Welsey-san, who understands the danger of system enhancing.

	She was looking at me with her eyes during the meeting.

	I’m sure she’ll have a lot of questions for me later……! She looked at me as if she was having an auditory hallucination.

	“But I think it was a good opportunity.”

	“What?”

	“To be aware of the gap between you and the people around you. Well, I’m just reopening the door.”

	Yes, I learned to reopen my mind at today’s meeting.

	I was allowed to be stubborn and not admit that I’m not human, because I’m from the rescue squad, but as the vice commander of the rescue squad, I can’t be so selfish.

	“When you change your position, your consciousness changes. As Norn-sama said, that’s exactly right.”

	I think of Norn-sama, who protected the place called Mia Rak as a queen despite being tormented by sleep and fatigue.

	“But if Usato were to reopen the door, I think that would be a bit scary.”

	“Wait, what do you mean by that?”

	“I’ve always been a bit of a self-effacing person, but if I don’t, I’m sure I’ll be able to come up with some new tricks.”

	This little fox, what does she think I am?

	“No, as expected, I won’t make a technique worse than the rapid healing fist just because I’ve reopened my mind. Besides, I’ve been all about healing punches lately, so I’ve been thinking of some application techniques for healing magic bullets.”

	“Hmm, like what?”

	“Healing Accelerated Bullet, a speed-oriented healing magic bullet combined with Accelerated Fist. A healing magic bullet that bends by applying the magic manipulation of the basket, or a healing remote bullet. It’s a technique only possible with the gauntlet, but I think it’s quite useful. Oh, that’s right! I’m also thinking of practicing rapid-fire magic bullets like the Leader used to do.”

	“……”

	As for its use, the healing acceleration bullet is a magic bullet that can be used to instantly heal an injured person at a distance.

	The healing remote bullet is a magic bullet to accurately heal an ally in a crowded battle.

	Both of these techniques are based on gauntlet’s power, but they seem to be moderately useful.

	“Even though it’s a healing magic bullet that bends, it can only bend once at best. It’s not a bad idea to use the gauntlet to compensate for the fact that I originally didn’t have the talent to release magic bullets, but if I think that I can freely change the direction of something that’s going straight for once, it’s quite different.”

	As expected, it’s impossible to bend a healing flying fist in principle, so it’s safe to say that I’ll be able to use it in the form of a healing flying fist for power and a healing magic bullet for hit power and speed.

	“Yes. So it’s a technique to take the opponent by surprise and a technique to make a direct hit even from through the shield.”

	“Huh?”

	Hold on.

	No, I did think that it could be used like that in combat, right? But it never occurred to me to think of that first.

	As my cheeks twitched at the discrepancy between me and Amako, I heard the sound of someone’s footsteps approaching from behind me.

	“Oh, there you are.”

	“Hmm?”

	I turned around to see Kara-san, the teacher I met here before, and Halfa-san, whom I met again yesterday.

	I’m not sure why the teacher Kara is here,……, but the school is closed for talks today, so she’s not lecturing or anything.

	I look at Amako, who has her hood pulled up tightly over her eyes, and then I look at Kara-san and Halfa-san.

	“It’s been a while, Kara-san. Halfa-san hasn’t seen you since yesterday, right?”

	“Ah. It’s……, and it hasn’t even been half a year since then, but you’ve grown up so much you look different. I don’t have to let Halfa-san’s magical eye check you out to see that.”

	“Oh, I see……”

	I wonder if he has the same “muscle eyes” as Hyde-san?

	I’m not sure how much I’ve changed my appearance from before the trip to now.

	I’m not sure if it’s just me thinking that, or if I’m growing taller or something. I’m a little bit happy if that’s the case.

	“I was going to come and see you, but I didn’t expect you to come to me.”

	“I’ve been hearing about your activities since we left Lukvis. Since you’re here, I thought we should meet and talk. Halfa also apologizes for making you show us around on your day off.”

	Halfa-san shook his head when Kara-san told him that.

	“No, no, there’s nothing to do but self-discipline even on a holiday anyway. Rather, talking with Usato-san is a good stimulus for me.”

	“I think you……, should look at something other than training a little.”

	“Selfishly, I have this kind of nature……”

	What can I say, the more we talk, the more I think I’m going to hit it off with Halfa-san.

	After sighing at Halfa’s annoyed smile, Kara turns to me.

	“I heard that you became the vice commander of the rescue squad. Congratulations.”

	“Thank you. Well, there are still some things I’m not used to, but I’m trying to act like a vice commander.”

	“I’m sure you’ll be fine without being so conscious. From the time you were in Lukvis before, you had an atmosphere that reminded me of…… something, or should I say…… Rose.”

	“Oh, is that so?”

	I don’t know if I should be somewhat embarrassed or make a subtle expression.

	I’m not sure what to make of this.

	Kara-san shows a pretense of concern for the time as I have an ambiguous expression on my face.

	“At any rate, it’s good to see your face.”

	“You’re leaving already?”

	“With the meeting, we teachers have a lot of work to do. We have to get back soon. What about you, Halfa?”

	“I think I’d like to talk to Usato-san for a little while longer.”

	“All right…… Just to let you know, as a teacher, don’t bother him too much.”

	“Of course.”

	Seeing Halfa-san nod, Kara-san said her goodbyes and then left the training grounds.

	The only ones left are me, Halfa-san, and Amako, who has been mute since just now…… What is this annoyance that Kara-san mentioned just now?

	After seeing Karla off, I sat down on the grass again and Halfa, who was also sitting next to me, called out to me.

	“Oh, Usato-san. How is Nack-kun doing?”

	“Nack? He’s doing well as a rescue squad.”

	“That’s good to hear. As a matter of fact, I’m a little relieved that he’s safely in the Rescue Squad, because I’ve been wondering about Nack-kun myself.”

	Perhaps Nack was struggling to complete his training right now.

	As I thought about Nack, I suddenly thought about the girl who would still be in Lukvis.

	“Meena, what is she doing now?”

	“Meena Liarsia? She’s…… what should I say, hmm.”

	“Did something happen to…… that girl?”

	“No, not really……”

	Halfa-san looks somewhat uncomfortable to say.

	She doesn’t seem to feel like she’s involved in anything.

	“Are you saying that she’s become even rougher than before because she lost the match with Nack?”

	“No, if anything, she’s become unthinkably more serious than she used to be.”

	“What?”

	I remembered her as a girl with a piercing personality, but I wondered if she had changed her mind after the battle with Nack.

	Or is she trying her best to get revenge on him like Nack said before we left?

	“I’ve often seen you practicing magic and running after school. I couldn’t believe my eyes at first, but after thinking about it again, she herself, like Nack-kun, may have finally moved on.”

	“Forward, huh?”

	So the events in Lukvis had affected not only Nack, but Meena as well.

	My first impression of her was terrible, but there might have been circumstances between Nack and Meena that I didn’t know about.

	“I’ve seen Meena training quite a bit, so if you’re lucky, you might run into her, Usato-san.”

	“Hmm, even if I did meet her, I wouldn’t know how to talk to her. From Meena’s point of view, I’m the one who sent Nack to the rescue squad.”

	When I thought about it, I was the one who created the reason for Nack to go to the Rescue Squad.

	Furthermore, we both made a terrible first impression on each other, so I’m sure he wouldn’t take kindly to that.

	I don’t think he’s going to attack me, but I’ve had enough of being abused by people in the Rescue Squad.

	“Anyway, Usato-san.”

	“Yes?”

	As I was thinking about this, Halfa-san suddenly stood up and called out to us.

	Me and Amako look up at him curiously, and he smiles the same childlike smile that Hyde-san did in the morning.

	“If you have some time to spare, would you like to do a little sparring? No, you can turn me down if you can’t.”

	“……haha.”

	I see, so that’s why you came to see me.

	……

	I’m not going to have time to do anything but strength training when I get back to the inn, and if I go back to the inn and Welsey-san is there, she’s going to lecture me.

	Okay, excuse over.

	“Well then, let’s do it. But it’s only sparring, so make sure you don’t get hurt.”

	“Of course. I don’t want to get angry with Kara-sensei or the headmaster, either.”

	It was a proposal I could not have wished for.

	I can learn from Halfa-san’s method of fighting that accurately exploits her opponent’s weaknesses. Now that I’ve understood through my travels that not all opponents can be penetrated only by strength, I might be able to gain something from fighting with him.

	“Huh, we really are a lot alike, aren’t we?”

	Amako smiled with a somewhat dumbfounded sigh.

	While smiling at her, Halfa-san and I walked to a corner of the training grounds.

	The teamwork with Halfa-san was a series of surprises for me.

	I hadn’t underestimated the power of his growing magical eye, but I hadn’t expected him to be able to detect my new fighting style at first sight.

	I was also taken aback by the new fighting techniques he used.

	In the past, he had used his magical eye to read his opponent’s movements and always attack first, but what he used today was the opposite: he read his opponent’s movements, let him launch an attack, and then hit him with a powerful counter attack.

	It was a technique that was only possible because Halfa-san was able to see his opponent’s initial movements completely, and he was unable to respond to it at first sight.

	“Usato-sama, are you listening to me?”

	“……Yes.”

	I’m not sure if I’m escaping reality, but the glaring voice of Welsey-san brings me back to my senses, and I raise my voice.

	After finishing sparring with Halfa-san, I was scolded by Welsey-san in the inn in a normal way.

	“I’m sure you can understand why I didn’t want to tell you, but I wish you had told me beforehand. Sigh…… you are in a way different from Kazuki-sama and Suzune-sama, you are developing new magical possibilities. And no, I’m not praising you.”

	Pioneering new magic is……

	I’m sure that the technique of deliberately unleashing systemic enhancement was too dangerous and no one would have done it.

	As I was reflecting on the fact that I hadn’t told him beforehand, Kazuki, who was listening to the sermon beside me, called out to me somewhat happily.

	“Haha, you’re just like me. Usato.”

	“Huh? Oh, I guess so.”

	“Me too, me too!”

	“You all are really too sharp. Suzune-sama is also…… sigh.”

	As senpai raised her hands in agreement, Welshey-san sighed as if she couldn’t stand it.

	“Kazuki-sama’s magic manipulation is only a technique that has mastered the basics, so it’s not necessarily dangerous, but Suzune-sama is in a way the same as Usato-sama. It is a technology that allows you to wear the properties of the lightning system itself like armor and use it to assist your movements and even attack. While it is powerful, it is a technique with many dangers that can even harm its own body if it is handled even slightly incorrectly.”

	“Isn’t that what you’re training for, to prevent that from happening?”

	“That’s not the point…… I want you to have a little more of a sense of danger.”

	I’ve seen it before, for a brief moment, but it was still a dangerous technique.

	I’ve heard that the former army commander that Arc-san fought in Hinomoto used a similar technique, so I know it’s something that requires a lot of skill and experience.

	Welshey-san’s shoulders dropped at the swallowing senpai.

	Sigurd-san, who had been watching our exchange quietly, opened his mouth to her.

	“Calm down, Welsey. It’s true that Suzune-sama and Usato-sama’s techniques have a dangerous side to them. However, if you make them completely your own, the two of you will become even stronger.”

	“That is certainly true, but……”

	“Your concern is painfully understandable to me as well. But isn’t the best thing we can do right now is to encourage you to move on, not to stop you?”

	“……Yes.”

	Welsey-san nodded at Sigurd-san’s words and turned to me.

	“I’m sorry for imposing my selfish consciousness on you. But I beg you, please do not use dangerous techniques alone. There is always a reasonable price for strong power.”

	“……I’m sorry too. I would like to consult with you as much as possible from now on.”

	I knew from the start that Welsey-san was worried about our safety.

	I’m not sure what to do, but I’m going to do it. It’s the same with my own power.

	Just as in the case of the Kureha Fountain in Mia Rak, or the runaway Karon, there is a price to pay in order to gain powerful power. The same is true of my own power.

	As I was thinking this, Welsey-san, relieved by my words, continued to speak.

	“I’d like to change the subject, but while I’m at it, I’d like to tell you about our plans for tomorrow.”

	“When you say tomorrow, do you mean about the meeting?”

	“Yes. First of all, tomorrow’s meeting will be an in-depth discussion, unlike today’s, so Kazuki-sama, Suzune-sama and Usato-sama do not need to attend.”

	……Perhaps it will be a more in-depth discussion of the topics we discussed today.

	I’m not sure if I’ll be able to give a clear opinion if I’m there, so Welsey-san and Sigurd-san have taken care of that for me.

	“Next, it has been decided that tomorrow afternoon, after the meeting, an exchange game will be held at the training grounds to both exchange information and ascertain our strength.”

	“An exchange game? What’s that?”

	“It’s a combat training session between the best players from each kingdom. They will be attacking targets made with magic, sparring, and doing joint exercises with their units.”

	“……Aren’t they taking their own sweet time? The battle against the Demon King’s army is imminent…”

	Kazuki uttered this somewhat anxiously, but Welsey-san shook her head.

	“It is necessary because it is now. Even if we fight together, we still don’t understand how other countries fight. If we can’t work together when the time comes, there is no point in these talks.”

	“……Indeed, the fighting style of the warriors of the Nirvana Kingdom was completely different from the knights of the Lingle Kingdom.”

	I’m just as impressed as Kazuki.

	Then, Welshey-san’s gaze turns to me.

	“So,…… you all have to use your magic in front of the three kingdoms.”

	“Does that mean me too?”

	“Yes, you will be using Usato-sama’s healing…… technique called Rapid Healing Fist against a target.”

	“Will the target hold?”

	I remembered what Amako had said to me during the day, and I couldn’t help but feel uneasy.

	However, Welsey-san smiled at me as if to reassure me.

	“Please don’t worry! They have prepared a target that is several times more powerful than the one that you all destroyed in Lukvis before! I heard that they have applied multiple layers of immobilization magic to prevent it from being pulled out easily, so please don’t worry!”

	“Usato-kun! Now you can do it without hesitation!”

	“Why do you look so happy, you……?”

	While I was troubled by senpai who gave me a thumbs-up, I felt a little more motivated.

	I’m not trying to destroy it, but I’m curious to see how powerful the rapid healing fist is in its current state.

	“Ah, well then, Usato-kun, Kazuki-kun.”

	“Yes?”

	“What is it?”

	As if she suddenly thought of something, senpai called me and Kazuki.

	She seemed to be in a good mood and said the following words.

	“Tomorrow, if you don’t want to go to the meeting in the morning. Why don’t you and I do a little training? Like a rehearsal for this afternoon.”

	“Training for the three of us, huh? We’ve only done magic-related training before, but it would be nice to do something different this time.”

	Kazuki muttered, seeming to be on board with senpai’s suggestion.

	I don’t mind training either, I don’t mind it at all, but what is it? I have a bad feeling about the way senpai is looking at me.

	“Usato-kun, trusting in your reflexes, I have a request.”

	“W-what is it?”

	“Would you be willing to have a little mock battle with me tomorrow?”

	“What’s……?”

	Mock battle with senpai?

	Isn’t this the flow of the…… story where you have to have a mock battle with senpai in “magic armour ・ thunder beast mode”?





Chapter 169

	The morning of the next day.

	When the meeting was being held in the main library, Kazuki and I were doing preparatory exercises while exchanging light conversation at the training ground near the inn.

	“So, what kind of format is the mock battle going to take?”

	“Hmm, as expected, we can’t do anything that extreme since we have the afternoon ahead of us…… What should we do.”

	“Does…… Kazuki have any good ideas?”

	So you guys did not think of that.

	I put my hand on my chin and asked Kazuki for his opinion while my shoulders slumped as he pondered.

	After comparing my appearance with his, Kazuki pondered for a while and then smiled as if he had come up with something.

	“I guess so. How about a game of tag where the first one to touch me wins?”

	“I’m not sure I can win a game of tag with senpai.”

	“I don’t want to be told by you, Usato-kun, who has all the physical abilities……”

	I’m not sure I’d be able to outrun you if you came at me full speed in thunder beast mode……

	Kazuki nodded at me and my senpai’s reaction and said, “They’re both the same.”

	“In the first place, what kind of mock battle are you having with me? Are you practicing your thunder beast mode?”

	“Yes, I guess so. To be honest, there’s hardly anyone in the castle who can handle my speed. Kazuki-kun can fight evenly with his…… magic, but there’s too much damage to the surroundings……”

	“So you chose me……”

	Well, I’m confident that my reflexes are better than most people’s, so I don’t mind.

	I won’t know if I can handle the speed of senpai until I…… try.

	“Okay, I understand. Let’s try it once for now, shall we? The format is…… as Kazuki suggested, in the form of a game of tag.”

	“How about if I can touch your right shoulder three times, I win, and if I can outlast you for three minutes, you win?”

	“Sounds good. Let’s do that.”

	If I can prevent senpai from touching me for three minutes, I win.

	It might be a little tough, but I’m excited about it.

	“Oh, and if my hand slips and goes in the wrong place, I hope you’ll forgive me…… And laugh it off.”

	“……”

	“Jeez, I’m kidding! So don’t look at me like you lost sight!”

	Senpai was getting impatient with my rather serious cold stare.

	After such an exchange, senpai and I faced each other at a corner of the training ground.

	Kazuki is there as the referee, so there’s no need to worry about our surroundings.

	“The time limit is one hundred and eighty seconds, and if either of you two move, it counts. You two may begin at any time.”

	I nodded at Kazuki’s words and shifted my gaze to senpai.

	She is unarmed, as she only needs to touch me three times.

	I take a stance, watching her every move.

	“Feel free to do so.”

	“Yeah, I’ll let you. After all, this is the first time I’ve been close to you like this…… I’m going to go for real, so as not to waste it.”

	The next moment when I recognized that senpai’s whole body was shimmering —– senpai’s hand was placed on my right shoulder.

	Stunned, I looked at senpai in front of me and saw that he had a smug face that was no less than Kanoko’s.

	“That’s my first. You can never be too careful, Usato-kun.”

	“……As expected.”

	Senpai wears lightning for a moment and distances herself from me.

	It’s much faster than I expected.

	It’s not that I couldn’t follow it with my eyes.

	I tense my own cheeks, and fully awake, I deploy my gauntlet hand on my right arm.

	“May I use my gauntlet hand?”

	“I don’t mind, as long as you can get away from my hands!”

	“Fine……!”

	Again, I take a stance to draw my right arm against senpai who has been moving at high speed for a moment, clad in lightning.

	I know that the target is the shoulder!

	The moment I recognize the shadow that I caught faintly in my vision, I release my Accelerating Healing fist to the right side and accelerate to the left side!

	“I missed!? Again!”

	I leapt further backwards at senpai who was chasing me.

	As a matter of course, the moment the hand of the pursuer approaches me, I change direction in the air with an accelerated fist shot to the side and dodge the hand —- but her fingertips slightly touch my shoulder.

	“Damn, another failure……! You’re still too fast, senpai……”

	“Wait a minute, you were obviously moving stranger than I was. You slid sideways in midair without warning!”

	Senpai said that to me while looking at the fingertips that touched me in a complicated way.

	It was quite frustrating because I had planned to avoid it completely before senpai got used to the Healing Acceleration Fist.

	“Healing Acceleration Fist. It’s a movement method that uses the outburst of…… systematic enhancement.”

	“I’m starting to think that’s already a different technique from systematic enhancement. If I had to name it, I’d call it…… system blasting?”

	Saying blasting sounds kinda disturbing…

	If you think about the process of blasting, you can’t go wrong with blasting…… Well, that’s okay for now!

	I prepare to draw my right arm again, and put magic power into it so that I can make a healing acceleration fist.

	“Now, while we’re talking, how much time is left? One more touch and you’ll win. Either I have to get used to your speed, or you have to touch me……”

	“Hmm, interesting. Then let’s get more aggressive!”

	Lightning shines in my field of vision.

	Instantly, the three electric shocks released by senpai towards me are closing in.

	“That’s too naive!”

	I reacted immediately, and without moving from the spot, I dispelled all of them with my gauntlet hand.

	At the same time, I bent down to dodge a hand that reached out from the side and she let out a cry of surprise.

	“What?”

	“Alright!”

	It was a successful evasion!

	You can’t avoid it as long as you can see where you’re aiming and the slightest movement!

	I was so happy, but then I came back to myself, senpai didn’t move away from me, but reached out with her hand, still covered with lightning.

	But! I’ve already taken that into consideration!

	With the momentum of my crouch, I thrust my fist into the ground and unleashed his magic!

	“Hnngh!!”

	“Kya!?”

	The resulting shockwave of magic power hit senpai’s leg, causing her to lose her balance!

	This is an improvised technique that I just came up with, the healing rolling fist!

	This is a haphazard technique that uses a fist that hits the ground as a starting point to unleash a system enhancement outburst and unleash a shockwave of magical power that can knock the opponent over!

	But I probably won’t have a chance to use it again!

	“Fuhahahaha! I’ve got this match!”

	While keeping the fallen senpai in sight, I back-stepped as fast as I could and ran away as fast as I could.

	I couldn’t help but let out a high-pitched laugh like a villain, but senpai responded with a smile of full happiness.

	“As I know, you are the man I expected!”

	“Mu!?”

	“It’s not good that I tried to make you last the full two minutes! If I’m going to beat you—“

	As soon as she said that, senpai was clearly covered with more electric shocks than ever before.



	In the end, the dazzling blasts of electricity bounced off the ground, illuminating the training ground even brighter than it would have been in daylight.

	In all likelihood, she was in full-on mode and shouted at me, her cheeks twitching.

	“I should have just gone full power from the start!”

	“……O- Oi- let’s time–“

	“I’m coming, Usato-kun!”

	As it is, she disappears from sight, and tremendous pressure is coming from all directions.

	I don’t know what to do, but it looks as if senpai is too fast for me and I’m altering myself.

	……

	“Yeah, as if I’m going to get away with this!”

	I prepared my gauntlet to overcome the onslaught of senpai!

	…Rather, senpai is completely excited and enjoying herself!……

	“Ah~, I couldn’t escape-!”

	I relax my shoulders as I lie down on the field by the training ground.

	The result of the tag game was that senpai won.

	As expected, it’s impossible to run away from senpai who is in full power.

	It only lasted about five seconds……!

	“I know you say that, but I was pretty close too. I only had a few seconds left to put on the electric shock.”

	“But it’s only a few seconds.”

	I was defeated because I couldn’t get through those few seconds.

	It was a very nerve-wracking game, even though I still had magic and physical strength to spare.

	I felt like I had gained a different experience from Rose’s training, where she would unleash attacks that I couldn’t avoid.

	“Well, you two were both amazing. Senpai one was able to use electric shock for a much longer period of time, wasn’t she?”

	At Kazuki’s somewhat excited words, senpai smiles embarrassedly.

	“In my own way, I tried to devise various ways. The amount of time I can stay in the lightning beast mode is gradually increasing, but it’s still not enough to be used in actual combat, so I only activate it for a moment or suppress its output.”

	Suppressing the output, huh?

	“So you only clad yourself in lightning for a moment to save time, so you could move fast many times in a row?”

	“Yeah, that’s right. Now I feel like I’m cutting and putting it on to make it work.”

	My healing acceleration fist is also a technique that uses not a small amount of magic power.

	If I ask senpai for tips on how to save magic power, I might be able to handle it better.

	“Usato. What did you do with that?”

	“What’s that?”

	“It’s the technique that knocked my senpai out of position. Could it be that you were just punching the ground and shaking it normally?”

	“Oh, I’m curious about that too. I was so surprised when he suddenly lost his balance…”

	No matter how hard you work out, there’s no way you can punch the ground and cause it to shake enough to knock someone over……

	I have no special circumstances to hide, so I explain to them about the healing rolling fist.

	“How can you come up with such a technique on the spur of the moment? I’ll tell you this because I’ve actually been hit by it, but I think it’s a technique that can definitely upset a defenseless opponent.”

	“It’s hard to watch your step in the middle of a fight.”

	It seems that the healing fist is more troublesome than I thought.

	……I’ll have to think of a use for it next time.

	“Hmm, healing rolling fist. Or maybe we can call it…… Healing Tumble Fist?”

	“! I’ve been thinking about it for a while now, but senpai don’t have a half bad naming sense. I respect you.”

	“Eh- ehehe, is that so?”

	Actually, I was thinking that Nea might rag on me if I used Rolling Fist.

	No, as far as I’m concerned, Tumble Fist isn’t such a bad name, but from now on, I’m going to name this technique Healing Tumble Fist.

	Tumble Fist is too direct, and there’s something cool about a change of pace.

	“Oh, Usato-kun. I’d like to know if there’s anything you’d like to share with me. As for me, I’d like to hear your faults and advice. Oh, and some praise—-“

	“Usato-sama, would you like some water?”

	“Yes, I would. Thank you, Eva.”

	I get a glass of water from Eva next to me.

	I take a sip of water, take a breath, and look at senpai again.

	“……I was just thinking from my point of view, but I think your movements are a little monotonous and easy to understand.”

	“I guess you’re right…… If you go too fast, you’ll end up like that…… Hmm?”

	Hmm? What’s the matter?

	The older man tilted his head, looked at me and Eva alternately, pondered for a few seconds, and then spoke up.

	“Why is Eva here?”

	With that comment from senpai, I finally noticed Eva’s presence next to me.

	I didn’t notice her on the contrary because she was there as a matter of course.

	“Oh, I guess you’re right. Eva, how long have you been here?”

	“About before Usato-sama and Suzune-sama had their match.”

	“I didn’t even notice you were talking to me, but you’re a natural! And you’ve been here for quite some time!”

	Even though I regained my body and soul from the curse with Lukvis, the only thing that hasn’t changed is the fact that I’m still around. I really feel like I’m there when I notice.

	“That’s amazing. I didn’t notice it either. So, Usato, is this the princess of Samaria that you were talking about before?”

	“Yeah…… Eva, this is my friend Kazuki.”

	“Ah, it’s nice to meet you! My name is Eva Urd Samaria of the Kingdom of Samaria! You must be the Hero Kazuki! Usato-sama has told me that you are his best friend!”

	“Oh, so you’re my best friend…… That’s somewhat embarrassing.”

	“This time he was able to say it correctly……”

	Kazuki nodded happily at Eva’s explanation.

	Feeling slightly embarrassed that she remembered what I had said about Kazuki in Samaria, I turned to Eva, who had successfully completed her self-introduction.

	“Oh, the fight you two just had was so amazing! I couldn’t see you at all because you were so fast, but I could tell that you were kind of amazing!”

	“Oh, yeah, thanks.”

	I don’t know what it is, but I can’t help but flinch at this girl’s straightforward words.

	As I was returning her thanks with a vague expression, senpai called out to Eva.

	“Are you alone?”

	“No, there are knights nearby.”

	So she didn’t go out alone, but with her escort.

	I was relieved to hear that Eva hadn’t slipped out on her own.

	As I was feeling relieved, I spotted a suspicious sky-blue figure looking at me from near the entrance of the training grounds.

	“Hmm?”

	“Princess jumping into the whirlpool, you’re so brave……!

	“Youth is strength……”

	“A casual gesture of kindness to a tired gentleman. The princess is perfect……!

	……I didn’t see anything.

	I didn’t see more than one sky-blue knight looking at me!

	I told myself that and turned to Kazuki to change the subject.

	“Kazuki, let’s resume your training. Eva, do you want to watch from here?”

	“If it’s not too much trouble,……”

	“Senpai and Kazuki, do you?”

	“Of course not.”

	“I don’t mind either.”

	“Thank you Kazuki-san and Suzune-san for……!”

	With the new addition of Eva, the training resumed in a lively atmosphere.

	Having first played a game of tag called mock combat with senpai, it might not be a bad idea to try a different combination next time.

	“Usato. Would you like to accompany me to my sword practice? Oh, it’s okay if you’re tired……”

	“I’m fine with my physical strength. Uh, I can’t use a sword, is that okay?”

	“You can fight the way you’re good at, Usato. I don’t mind you using that gauntlet.”

	Then I’ll use it without hesitation.

	Rather, in normal use, this is just a hard gauntlet, so it’s like a shield.

	I’m not sure how good of a swordsman Kazuki is, but I’ll take it as seriously as I did with senpai.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	The Healing Tumble Fist is a bit of a ranged attack.





Chapter 170

	The morning training was unexpectedly heated.

	When I started playing tag with senpai and hand-to-hand combat with Kazuki, the format was such that we naturally took turns to train the basic areas that we wanted to develop.

	“Hah!!”

	“Still more!”

	The mock battle with Kazuki, which was the first of several today.

	I stepped to avoid his wooden sword slash and fired a palm strike.

	He avoids it with minimal movement, and then tries to slam the hilt of his wooden sword into my midsection.

	I immediately grab him with my gauntlet and try to counterattack, but before I can do so, Kazuki hits me in the shoulder, forcing me to retreat.

	“You finally strike a blow with a painful physical attack. I guess I’m still not as good as Usato in simple combat.”

	“That’s not true. I’ve been on the edge myself since a while ago.”

	In fact, that is the situation I’m in.

	In addition to the fact that Kazuki’s movements are incredibly solid, he is also incredibly focused during combat.

	Perhaps it’s because he has Sigurd-san as his teacher, but his fighting style is very similar to that of a knight like Arc-san, and even simple swings, thrusts, and cleaves are powerful, and combined with the pressure, they are uniquely difficult to avoid.

	If I hadn’t been through the fight with Rose, I’d probably have got a decent hit.

	“Kazuki. It’s almost noon, let’s cut it short for the afternoon.”

	“Is it that time already! I’m finally just getting used to Usato’s moves.”

	“Haha, let’s do it again next time.”

	“Yeah!”

	I could say the same thing to senpai, but Kazuki has been able to adapt to my movements in this short time.

	I’m happy as well because I was able to help the two of them through the mock battle, but I feel like I need to work harder.

	I made up my mind that I would continue to train without fail, and headed for senpai and Eva, who were observing with Kazuki.

	“Good work, Usato-kun, Kazuki-kun.”

	“Good work!”

	Nodding at the words of senpai and Eva, Kazuki and I also sit down on the field next to where the girls are.

	We have some time before the afternoon exchange game, so we can eat lunch and change before then.

	As I sipped the water Eva had offered me, thinking about my future plans, I noticed that there were more people in the training area than before.

	“Hey, were there really this many people?”

	There should still be some time before the afternoon exchange game, but no, it’s more like students.

	“Usato-kun, I just realized something.”

	“Hm? What have you noticed, senpai?”

	“Just a moment ago, though. Probably a bunch of students who heard that we were training here gathered here.”

	“Oh, I see.”

	If you look closely, you can see that they seem to be excited to see senpai and Kazuki.

	Well, I don’t have to tell you about Eva, but senpai and Kazuki are real beauties. I can understand why they are the talk of the town.

	Well, not like anyone’s gonna notice… me? Why are those two staring at me like that?

	“?”

	[Hyi! He looked at me.]

	[S-Scary!]

	When they saw me looking at them, they turned blue and got scared.

	What is this?

	“Usato-san!”

	“Eh? Aah, what’s up, Eva.”

	I turned my head towards Eva and she spoke to me happily with a twinkle in her eye, feeling unsure of what to say.

	“I’ve always thought that you’re very brave when you’re fighting, Usato-san! You’re just like the Ogre I saw in a book the other day!”

	“T-Thanks?”

	My cheeks twitch, but I barely manage to keep a smile on my face.

	This girl is saying that to me with 100 percent good intentions……! It is not only Lucas-sama but also me who will not allow you to disregard it……!

	I thanked her with tears of blood in my eyes, and she gave me a smile as bright as a flower.

	Seeing this, senpai also turns to me.

	“I also think you’re brave and like a real ogre! Usato-kun!”

	“Senpai, there are things you can and can’t say.”

	“Whhhyyy!”

	Senpai grabbed my collar with a puzzled expression as I spat out the poison with a smile on my face.

	Oh, I didn’t know I looked so scary when I was fighting.

	Kazuki, who couldn’t bear to see me so depressed, calls out to me.

	“Maybe it looks like a scary expression because Usato keeps his eyes fixed on you to make sure you don’t miss a move.”

	“Well, you have to watch your opponent’s movements whether you’re defending or avoiding them……”

	The wrinkles between my eyebrows and the look on my face…

	Either way, I’m sure there’s nothing I can do to change the impression I get from the students here.

	No, I had a feeling that they had been avoiding me since I came here before, so it was too late now……

	I was even more depressed when I came to that conclusion myself.

	After finishing the morning training, we parted ways with Eva and headed back to the inn.

	As we parted, I felt a little uneasy about the way the sky-blue knights were talking to Eva, but I decided not to think too much about it because I had to concentrate on the exchange game in the afternoon.

	After putting on our group uniforms and having lunch, we headed back to the training grounds where the exchange game was to be held.

	“Have Welshie-san and Sigurd-san already arrived ahead of us?”

	“Apparently so. They said we’ll be the first to show our skills, so they’ll call us then……”

	Senpai’s gaze turned towards the training ground.

	It was the place where she and Kazuki had just been engaged in a mock battle, but while they were some distance away, five black targets had been set up that hadn’t been there before.

	“Are those the targets we’re going to hit?”

	“Looks like it. It’s a different colour than the white ones we used to hit with magic.”

	It looks like the only thing that’s changed is the colour, but I guess it’s stronger and everything is different from the target we know.

	“Fufufu, that’s a good arm.”

	“You shouldn’t overdo it too much.”

	“That said, Usato-kun. In order to gain the trust of other countries’ soldiers, we have to show them our abilities to some extent.”

	“That’s true, but……”

	Senpai, you’re awfully uptight.

	Well, maybe you’re a little elated because there’s something you can put your real power into.

	I’m not the only one who feels that way.

	Anyways, while we were trying to watch the situation at one of the training grounds until the exchange game started, a red-haired woman, Princess Naia, came over to us.

	“So all of you have arrived?”

	“Yes. Is…… Prince Kyle here?”

	Senpai asked somewhat warily, and she turned around and tilted her head.

	“My foolish brother seems to have gone off somewhere on his own again……”

	“T-That’s quite a brother you have……”

	Prince Kyle, what a free spirit.

	Heartlessly, Princess Naia looks tired.

	“I’m looking forward to today’s exchange game.”

	“Oh, Princess Naia is going to participate as well?”

	“No, it’s not that I don’t have the skill to fight myself. I’m just a spectator because I’m the representative here.”

	From the way she said it, she sounded like she could handle a certain amount of fighting.

	It’s amazing that a busy member of the royal family can be both literate and skilled.

	I’ve only been doing the physical side.

	“Usato-sama, I apologize for my foolish brother’s rude behaviour the other day.”

	“What?…… Ah no, no! I don’t mind, because the question he had is a valid one!”

	I was flustered by Princess Naia who suddenly bowed deeply to me.

	Prince Kyle’s comment the other day was thorny, but I’m sure it was a legitimate criticism. As for me, it was only because of that criticism that I realized how naive I was, and I would rather be grateful.

	Still, Princess Naia didn’t raise her head, as if she couldn’t get over it.

	“Even if that’s the case, I’m certain that he made the statement to humiliate you out of personal grudge at the important occasion of the meeting. Please, hit me once, beat me up, or use me as a test subject for your healing fist.”

	“Um, why are all the punishments got to do with hitting?”

	“If you would forgive me, I’ll take any punishment my brother has given you……!”

	“Huh? Can you hear me? Hello?”

	Are you sure you’re not trying to pin the blame solely on your brother?

	If you listen carefully, you’ll see that she’s upgraded from one punch to the next.

	Having said all she had to say, she put on a sullen face that was different from the sad one she had earlier.

	“To be honest, I think I might have made a bad impression on Calm Helio because of Kyle, so I thought it would be better if I could at least be uncommunicative during this meeting.”

	“Aren’t you being too frank!”

	“Since you all seem to be aware of our intentions, I thought I’d go ahead and not hide it. That’s right, I’ve blurted it out.”

	I wondered what she was really saying with her expressionless face.

	When I casually looked next to me, I saw that…… senpai and Kazuki were in a state of shock.

	Why is it that the women I meet are, with high probability, all disappointing people?

	“So…… you won’t use me as a test subject for your Rengeki Fist.”

	“I won’t!”

	“I see. It’s a shame. I thought I could use this opportunity to correct that nature.”

	I felt guilty for Princess Naia, who looked really disappointed, but as expected, I couldn’t point my fist at someone.

	Rather, the only creatures I can point that thing at would be Koger, Rose, or some other humanoid, monster-like being.

	“How much do you hate Prince Kyle……?”

	“It’s not like I really hate him though? He’s my younger brother, and I’m just being harder on him than my father and mother spoiled me.”

	Even senpai felt sorry for Prince Kyle’s treatment and asked her about it, but the answer she got was surprising.

	……If you think about it, if you really disliked him, you wouldn’t be lecturing him or talking to him, right?

	[Suzune-sama! Kazuki-sama! Usato-sama! The preparations are ready, we are ready to go!]

	When Welshy-san called our names, I turned my gaze to the center of the training ground.

	There, I saw the black target I had seen earlier and the figure of Welshy-san.

	“I see you are ready. I apologize for taking up so much of your precious time.”

	“No, no, we’re glad we got to know your personality as well.”

	“I also feel like I was able to relax and talk to people for the first time in…… a long time. Everyone, please do your best in the exchange games.”

	Finally, after showing a smile that wasn’t a fake one, Princess Naia bowed and left the place.

	After seeing her off, we walked over to Welshy-san.

	“Princess Naia is an interesting person huh.”

	“I was panicking when she talked about…… the Rengeki fist to Prince Kyle, though.”

	“Is it still a technique that shouldn’t be aimed at people? The magic itself is healing magic, right?”

	I nodded at Kazuki’s words.

	“It’s healing magic, but it’s too powerful.”

	“……I wonder, the more I hear about it, the more I wonder what kind of technique it is. Ah, yes! What about the order!”

	“”Order?””

	“The order in which we’re going to perform the moves! It’s not like we’re all going to do them together, so let’s decide now!”

	That’s true, too.

	It would be embarrassing to get into a mess over who would be the first to do it.

	I was trying to think of what number would be best, when Kazuki spoke up.

	“Then why don’t we just do the same thing we did before?”

	“The last time?”

	“The last time you came to Lukvis, you had a chance to hit the target with magic, right? The first one was senpai, the second one was me, and the third one was Usato, though in a different form.”

	“Oh, I like that! How about you, Usato?”

	“I’m okay with that too.”

	There was no need to play rock-paper-scissors.

	So finally, we arrived at Welshy-san’s place.

	“Everyone’s here. Let’s get right to it, but at the beginning of the exchange game, I’d like the representatives to watch Suzune-sama, Kazuki-sama, and Usato-sama’s techniques that we had to demonstrate on short notice the other day.”

	“””Yes.”””

	“I’ve prepared some tools, such as a wooden sword, would anyone like to use it?”

	“No, I’ll be using my gauntlet, so I won’t need them.”

	“I’m going to use only magic too……”

	When Kazuki and I replied, senpai, who had shown signs of thinking for a while, clapped her hands as if she had come up with something, and pointed to about ten wooden swords.

	“Okay, here are the wooden swords. I’ll let you use them all.”

	“What?! All of them!?”

	“I can’t?”

	“Yes, that’s fine, but…… Suzune-sama, please don’t be too reckless……”

	“Of course not!”

	As soon as I answered that, senpai, who was holding ten wooden swords full of them, stabbed them one by one into the ground about ten meters away from the black target.

	“Senpai, what in the world do you think you’re going to do?”

	“I don’t know. But I’m pretty sure she’s going to do something we can’t expect.”

	I nodded at Kazuki’s words and watched the situation for a while.

	If I look around, I can see that there are a lot of people gathered here.

	Lucas-sama, Eva, and the sky-blue knights.

	There’s Princess Naia, Prince Kyle who’s holding his head in agony as if he’s been hit with a hammer, and the knights guarding him.

	Hyde and Helena and their muscular-looking warriors.

	And then there’s Sigurd-san and the knights of the Kingdom of Lingle.

	While the other teachers and students of Lukvis were watching, senpai who had finished inserting all but one of the wooden swords into the ground turned to Welshhy-san and us.

	“Welshy, can we start now?”

	“Yes. Just to be sure, please don’t do anything reckless.”

	Nodding at Welshy-san’s words, senpai now turns his attention to us.
