“That’s correct.”

Raon nodded at Burren.

“The sixth training ground fully understood the personalities and might of each of our members. They devised a strategy to counter each of us, using the Northern Grave Mountain’s geography. However, we didn’t prepare anything, thinking that we were obviously going to win.”

“B-but the time…”

“We didn’t have much time, but the same goes for them. Honestly, one day is enough time to obtain the minimum information necessary for the fight. That’s why Instructor Rimmer purposefully informed us one day before, so that we could get some practice.”

Raon snorted, glancing at the trainees.

“And you didn’t give up on it because you were out of time, but because you were too careless, thinking you could easily win. Lack of time isn’t an excuse.”

“Ugh!”

“Th-that’s…”

The trainees couldn’t refute that, so they just bit their lips.

“Even though the fifth training ground trainees are stronger than them individually, the difference isn’t overwhelming. Losing to the sixth training ground, who was prepared, is a natural outcome.”

“Then what shall we do? Isn’t everything over…?”

“Nothing’s over! Shut your mouth!”

“Huff!”

Martha frowned and Dorian, hands trembling, zipped his mouth.

“Well, there were casualties, and we’ve lost a lot of stamina and aura. We are indeed at a disadvantage. However…”

Raon’s eyes glowed, looking at the location where the sixth training ground’s trainees must be preparing for their attack.

“They aren’t the only ones that have information.”

“Do you know anything about this?”

“The top trainee of the sixth training ground, Kein Zieghart, is the one who has been giving the instructions. He was the one who sent people in that can counter you guys.”

“Kein Zieghart? How did he do that?”

Martha ground her teeth.

“Kein Zieghart has an excellent sight and perception. He perceived the direction of your movement from afar and sent trainees that you’d have difficulties dealing with.”

“Kuh! Kein Zieghart.”

Burren groaned at his pride being trampled.

“He sent swordsmen that were proficient in defense to Martha, who is straightforward with an excellent strength and endurance, in order to exhaust your aura. He sent swordsmen that have learned the ‘Intuition Sword’ to Burren, who uses honest and systematic swordsmanship, so that you couldn’t do much against them.”

Raon told them precisely why the fifth training ground had lost.

“Then, how can we win? It’s simple. We have to change our opponents. We would win without much difficulty if Burren and Martha swapped their opponents.”

“That won’t do! I can’t hold back my anger if we end up winning like that.”

“…I’m sorry, but the same goes for me. Winning by running away is meaningless for me.”

Martha, Burren, and the collaterals all shut their mouths tightly.

“Alright. Then here’s the second solution.”

Raon nodded, as if he was expecting their reaction.

“We are going to attack differently.”

“Attack differently?”

“The sword formation that Martha faced was certainly solid, but the movement of their aura was sloppy. If you use your senses to strike where they couldn’t move their aura in time, you can easily break through it.”

He faced away from Martha and looked at Burren.

“Your systematic sword, which pursues perfection, is mere prey to the ‘Intuition Sword’. It is about swinging your sword without thinking, relying on your instincts.”

“Hmm…”

Burren frowned and nodded his head.

“The ‘Intuition Sword’ is a technique that relies on instincts, so they are easily tricked by fake movements. Use a feint and aim for the moment they take the bait. You should be able to do it.”

The trainees’ eyes were so wide, they looked like they would pop out.

“H-how?”

“You’ve been here all along.”

“How did you know all that?”

“How on earth…”

The way he’d grasped the situation was more astonishing than their defeat against the sixth training ground.

“What the hell are you?”

“What kind of perception…?”

Martha and Burren’s jaws also dropped in surprise.

“But what shall we do if they change their plans?”

Dorian raised his hand and asked his question. Since he was a coward, it seemed he also had lots of worries.

“That’s a reasonable question, but their plans aren't going to change.”

“Why?”

“Because they’ve achieved victory once. The sweet taste of victory will make them repeat the same strategy to achieve an even more perfect victory.”

The hair on the back of the trainees’ necks stood on its ends, facing Raon’s confident gaze.

“But you said Kein’s perception is excellent. What if he reacts quickly and comes to the center or the top as reinforcement?”

“It’s fine. My perception is better than Kein’s.”

Feeling Kein’s presence at the center, Raon smiled.

“And he is going to come over here.”

***

Metun frowned, upon arriving at the fifth training ground’s foothold after checking the sixth training ground’s trainees.

“He is an arrogant child.”

He was worried, because he’d heard how calm and composed Raon Zieghart was, but it seemed like he didn’t need to worry.

‘Saying that his perception is better than Kein’s, that’s just ridiculous.’

Kein Zieghart’s strongest point wasn’t his excellent swordsmanship nor his outstanding amount of aura.

Perception.

He had an excellent perception and sight that could read the opponent’s presence and condition.

He was even able to find the hiding instructors’ locations, so it wasn’t excessive to say that his perception wasn’t at a trainee’s level anymore.

Yet Raon said his perception was better than Kein’s. Honestly, he couldn’t help snorting at him.

“It’s going to be over soon.”

Considering Raon and the fifth training ground’s attitude, it looked like they could achieve victory a lot easier than he’d expected.

‘I should prepare a feast for the children.’

The winners should be rewarded. Metun was about to head back, thinking about the feast the sixth training ground was going to have to celebrate their victory.

“Aren’t you the arrogant one?”

A cheerful voice, carried by the wind, came from behind him.

Metun calmly turned around. A red-haired elf was giving off a sly smile.

“Did you just arrive?”

“No, I’ve been spectating for a while now.”

“You always give excuses after being late.”

“I told you that’s not true.”

Metun frowned, hearing Rimmer’s light voice.

“But what did you mean by that just now?”

“You told me I was arrogant.”

“Ah, about that.”

Rimmer scratched his neck and snickered.

“Our side didn’t even draw our sword yet, and you’re considering the fight over, so arrogant is the best way to describe you.”

“You haven’t even drawn your sword, huh? You fought us head on and were already defeated. You are way more exhausted than us, in stamina and aura alike. It’s just hopeless.”

“That’s what you think.”

“You are just like that child. You guys are just bluffing.”

Metun shook his head, looking back and forth between Rimmer and Raon, who was giving instructions to the trainees.

“Kein’s perception is good enough to find the instructors’ presence. There’s no trainee in this small battlefield that can strategize better than him. He won’t be able to locate anyone—he’ll just end up losing like this.”

“Finding the instructors’ presence, huh…?”

Rimmer grinned and didn’t finish his sentence.

“Raon has already located my presence before, not just the other instructors.”

“What?”

“The Raon Zieghart you underestimated because you considered him arrogant has found where I was hiding before.”

“Th-that’s a lie!”

Metun’s eyes wavered for the first time.

‘That doesn’t make any sense.’

Rimmer was an elf, despite injuring his energy center. It was difficult even for Metun himself to find him if he hid his presence, so he couldn’t believe that such a young trainee could sense him.

“I don’t lie.”

“Bullsh*t. I’m pretty sure you lie more than fifty percent of the time.”

“Ah, let me correct myself. I don’t lie about those children.”

Rimmer nodded and grinned.

“Hmm…”

Metun gulped and watched underneath.

“Even if Raon Zieghart has a better perception than Kein just like you said, it’s already too late. The victory is already decided.”

“Well, it does certainly look difficult, since four people have been eliminated and they are mostly out of strength. However, Raon has never disappointed me, not once.”

Rimmer grinned, watching Raon giving out instructions to the trainees.

“If your students are as careless as you right now, they will get wiped out in a blink of an eye.”

***

***

The sixth training ground trainees that had tasted victory were gathered in a circle just like in the morning, and Kein was at the center with the map of the Northern Grave Mountain.

“The fifth training ground’s flag is located here.”

Kein pointed to the western end with his finger.

“It will be over once we attack there.”

“It was worth all the effort, since we are actually about to win against the fifth training ground.”

“Everyone’s going to look at us differently after this.”

The trainees smiled as if the battle was already over.

“I told you it’s too early to rejoice.”

Kein stomped the ground to gather the trainees’ attention.

“Raon Zieghart and Runaan Sullion are at full strength. Raon is particularly problematic since he is the strongest guy in the fifth training ground. We will lose if we are careless.”

“But Burren and Martha have already exhausted most of their strength, and four of their trainees have been eliminated.”

“We are at an advantage, indeed. But I’m telling you to stop being careless.”

“We will easily win if Sir Kein grasps their situation and instructs us just like before.”

“Yes, we are counting on you!”

“Well, that’s true, but…”

Kein nodded slightly. He was pretending to be composed, but his immaturity was showing.

“Anyway, you can’t be careless. Do your best until the end.”

“Understood!”

The trainees responded loud and clear, then stood up.

“There are two potential ways they are going to move from here on… Hmm?”

Kein, who was pointing his finger at the map, started glaring to the west.

“They’re coming.”

“Pardon?”

“The fifth training ground trainees have started moving once again.”

“How?”

Kein closed his eyes without responding. Feeling the approaching trainees’ presence by opening his perception, he smiled lightly.

“It’s the same as before. Martha at the center, Burren at the top and the rest are at the bottom.”

“They still haven’t learned.”

“If they want to lose, then we are going to make them lose.”

“I guess even Raon can’t control Burren and Martha.”

“It’s already over.”

The trainees laughed at the fifth training ground’s trainees, who were running at them like fireflies.

“We are going to use the same strategy. Decal will face Burren Zieghart alongside the second and third groups, Dunn will face Martha with the first group, and Puyon will head to the bottom. Karin and I will stand by in preparation for Raon and Runaan.”

“Understood!”

The sixth training ground trainees answered loudly, then ran off to defeat their assigned opponents.

“Let’s prepare to finish this.”

Kein glanced back as he stood up. Karin drew her sword, nodding at him.

“Then which side is the first… hmm?”

He frowned, looking towards the bottom.

‘Runaan also moved this time.’

He could feel the presence of frost from the bottom. Runaan Sullion was there.

“Karin.”

“Leave it to me.”

Karin nodded and ran towards the location Runaan was headed.

‘Karin should be able to stop her.’

Karin was a successor of a high rank vassal family just like Runaan. Since she knew Runaan better than anyone, she wouldn’t be easily defeated.

Wham! Whack!

The crashing sound of boulders could be heard from the center. It was the sound of Martha clashing against Dunn once again.

Bang!

Shortly after that, the sound of Burren clashing with Decal could also be heard.

“Let’s see.”

With two people standing guard, Kein closed his eyes and widened his perception.

Since he needed to send reinforcement if any side was getting pushed back, he scattered his aura at the top center and bottom to grasp the situation.

Huh?

After checking all three sides, Kein’s eyes widened.

“H-how! Why are they all losing?”

Top, center, and bottom were all being pushed back by the fifth training ground.

“How is this happening?”

Even though they were facing the same opponent as in the morning, they were now losing one-sidedly. It was unbelievable.

‘Raon Zieghart. What have you done?!’

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 64


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Martha Zieghart was thinking about Raon’s instruction as she ran ahead.

“You aren’t good at dealing with the defensive sword formation. It’s best to change your opponent.”

‘I’ll never do that!’

She swore immediately as he told her to run away from her opponents. Raon wasn’t surprised, nodding as if he knew she would say that.

“Then I’ll give you different instructions. Break the sword formation.”

“The sword formation?”

“The opponent’s sword formation isn’t perfect. No, it can’t be perfect since they are just trainees.”

“In what way are they not perfect?”

“They stopped you by gathering nine people’s auras together. Which means that the aura has moved within the sword formation.”

“Which means…”

“That’s right. If you aim for that moment, you can break the sword formation in your current state, even when you’ve already spent a lot of your aura.”

Chills ran down her spine upon hearing that.

‘What is that guy?’

Despite having just been sitting there, he noticed the enemy’s weaknesses and told her how to defeat them. He really looked like a monster.

“Rather than weakness, I want to win against them head on.”

Since she didn’t want to get overwhelmed by Raon’s words, she spoke without thinking.

“Yes. You can win against them after recovering your strength and aura, since you are outstanding. However, do you think you can do it right now?”

She obviously wasn’t able to respond. She couldn’t imagine herself winning against those high-stamina monsters in her current exhausted state.

“Like I said, this isn’t a one-on-one spar, but a team competition. Make your choice right now. Are you to choose your pride, resulting in an uncertain victory, or are you going to choose the team’s victory?”

Martha stood up in silence upon hearing that.

‘I would’ve ignored something like that before.’

Her arrogant self from before she lost to Raon would’ve kept fighting no matter what he told her.

However, she’d already experienced defeat once, and she could experience it a second time now. It was better to win no matter what, rather than losing.

‘His name was Dunn.’

She could see that Dunn guy that she’d fought before from afar. His rock-solid pressure was the same as before. She wanted to break through it with her fist, but she held herself back by gritting her teeth.

“Did you come back despite knowing that you can’t win against us? How stupid.”

“You’ll get hurt if you just say whatever you want.”

‘Just like me, before.’

Martha kicked off from the ground and dashed towards Dunn.

“Fourth formation!”

The trainees from behind came up next to him and gathered their aura.

“Hmph!”

Instead of striking the sword that she raised upwards, she spread her perception.

She could feel the sixth training ground trainees’ aura gathering around Dunn.

‘It’s really slow.’

It was just like Raon had said. Since they were dealing with a large amount of aura, the movement was as slow as a snail.

“Hmph!”

Martha inhaled heavily and turned to the right.

“Pointless!”

Dunn turned around and stood in front of her. It was the same development as before, but there was a difference.

Martha, who used to brainlessly swing her sword, pummeled her sword down at Dunn’s right flank, where the aura wasn’t gathered yet.

Wham!

The two swords clashed, creating a powerful wave.

Martha was pushed back by the impact, but Dunn and the trainees’ sword formation that used to be as solid as a deep-rooted tree also wavered significantly.

“Kuh!”

“Kuu…”

Dunn and the trainees groaned, then fixed the wavering sword formation.

Martha’s eyes shone like black pearls.

‘He was right!’

It was just like Raon had said. The place that the aura hadn’t gathered yet had a significantly weaker defense than the other places.

“This really was a breakthrough.”

Martha smirked.

Was it because the breakthrough was too easy?

It wasn’t. Raon Zieghart had noticed the sword formation’s weakness, sitting at the foothold with the flag. It was because she was frightened by his monstrosity.

“Don’t be arrogant just because you’ve come out ahead once!”

“Once? Stop making me laugh! It’s every time from now on!”

Martha pounced with a battle cry.

She moved to the left while pretending to attack, then she swung her sword towards Dunn’s lower body, where the aura didn’t move in time.

Wham!

Dunn quickly swung his sword in response, but his upper body wavered significantly and the trainees in the sword formation bounced out of formation.

“It’s over now!”

Emanating a beast-like pressure, Martha pounced at Dunn.

***

***

Burren spun the wrist holding his sword and raised his head.

Decal, who was one of the best collateral trainees, was glaring fiercely at him.

‘I lost against him before.’

Decal and the seven trainees attacked him at once, and since they’d used the ‘Intuition Sword’ that countered his swordsmanship, he couldn’t find any way of winning.

The other guys couldn’t help him either because of the difference in numbers, so he kept getting pushed back.

They weren’t lying when they said they had thoroughly planned in preparation to defeat the fifth training ground.

‘I’m not going to lose like before.’

Retreating once was enough. He was going to beat them all up, even if he had to collapse as a result.

“For the famous Burren Zieghart to run away, I guess numbers really do decide the battle.”

Decal grinned.

“Please, fight us until the end like a real swordsman this time!”

At his signal, the trainees behind him rushed at him like a plague of rats.

“Haa!”

Decal himself penetrated at the center, swinging his sword.

The eight people’s swords weren’t in harmony, but every single one of them were aimed at a weakness.

“Huff!”

Burren gathered his aura to use his footwork. Moving to the side like flowing water, he used the ‘Phenomenal Sword’.

His sword was bent towards Decal on his right side.

“Do it now!”

“Attack him at once!”

The moment Burren started his attack, the trainees that learned the ‘Intuition Sword’ rushed at him.

However, that was a trap laid down by Burren.

Wham!

The training sword that was aimed at Decal curved like a crescent moon and hit the wrists and chests of the trainees that were coming at him.

“Kuh!”

“Argh!”

In the blink of an eye, two trainees were rolling on the ground, grabbing their wrists and chests. Their conditions were so bad, it was safe to consider them eliminated.

“Hmph!”

Burren didn’t stop swinging his sword. Using the River Footwork, he kept moving and swung the ‘Phenomenal Sword’.

Because his large motion used his entire shoulder, the three trainees instinctively counterattacked, aiming for that opening.

‘Get baited.’

Burren’s blue eyes sparkled. Bending his elbow naturally, he stuck the incoming trainees’ chest without reservation.

Three trainees were sent away flying in a single strike.

“Kuh!”

“Ugh…”

The one that was hit at the end managed to stand back up, but the other two had already fainted.

“D-damn it!”

Decal chased him, but it was too late since Burren had already stepped aside.

“Wh-what happened?! Why are you suddenly mixing in feints?!”

“That’s what I’m saying.”

Burren frowned.

‘How can it change this much from just mixing in feints?’

‘Intuition Sword’ was a swordsmanship that relied on instinct instead of being systematic. The trainees that were still immature had no choice but to splash around, baited by the feints.

‘But how did he even realize that?’

He was certain Raon didn’t move from that place. The perception and knowledge of the guy that observed the entire situation from his seat gave him goosebumps.

‘Martha must be feeling the same way right now.’

He was sure that Martha, who was fighting further down, must’ve been thinking the same thing.

‘He’s like an onion.’

Raon showed him another side of himself just when he thought he finally understood him. Just like an onion, new layers kept coming out upon peeling him open.

“It’s not over yet!”

“Haaa!”

Decan dashed at him, gritting his teeth. The three other trainees did the same.

Whoosh!

Burren thrust his sword forward. It was a powerful strike, multiple openings could be seen in his big motion.

“It’s a feint. Don’t pay attention to it! Huh?”

Decal’s eyes were wide. He was planning to ignore it, but the trajectory of Burren’s sword didn’t change.

“It’s a real one this time!”

“N-no way!”

He tried to defend against it, but it was already too late.

Wham!

Taking the powerful strike, Decal’s training sword broke and his body was sent back flying.

“The fight is already over.”

Looking at the remaining trainees, Burren’s eyes glowed.

“It’s our victory.”

As long as that monster existed, there was no way the fifth training ground could lose.

***

“Wh-what is this?!”

Metun’s eyes were about to pop out of his head as he watched the sixth training ground trainees lose at the same time.

“What is happening?”

He could understand one side starting to lose. However, top, center, and bottom were all being pushed back at the same time against the opponents they’d won against.

“I told you already, the battle isn’t over yet.”

Rimmer, who was lying down next to him, murmured provokingly while yawning

“You must’ve done something!”

“I didn’t do anything, but Raon did.”

“What?”

“Before you came to watch, Raon gave them advice. And that worked.”

“Are you saying a mere trainee’s advice changed the situation this much?”

“It’s because he’s not a mere trainee. He’s Raon.”

Rimmer smirked and pointed at Raon, who was protecting the flag on his own.

“Some trainees don’t follow him, and some dislike him. However, they all trust his power and decision making. I think they’ll start following his words like a god’s voice.”

“Hmm…”

Metun groaned. That meant he was trusted by the others.

However, rather than the fact that he was trusted, the way his advice significantly changed the tide of the battle was more surprising.

“What was the advice?”

“Are you curious? If you are, then give me the gold… Ah, alright.”

Rimmer waved his hand, noticing Metun’s stiffened expression.

“Firstly, about the top…”

He told Metun about the advice Raon gave the trainees.

“That’s crazy…”

Metun’s fingers trembled.

‘How can a trainee give such advice?’

It was a perfect walkthrough, without a single flaw.

However, what was more surprising was the fact that he’d noticed all those weaknesses by only using his perception.

Rimmer was correct. The arrogant one wasn’t Raon, but himself.

He deserved the praise of having a better perception than Kein.

‘However.’

Watching Kein, who had started his move, Metun smiled confidently.

‘The match isn’t over yet.’

***

Raon, who was sitting under the flag, opened his eyes.

‘They are all doing pretty well.’

While hiding his presence, he released his fully opened perception in order to observe the status of the battle. He smiled.

Burren, who managed to defeat Decal, stormed through the trainees that had learned the ‘Intuition Sword’, and Martha was beating up the remaining trainees after breaking through the sword formation.

And Runaan…

She was having an icy competition against the sixth training ground’s better trainee, who came out to be her opponent.

‘Well, it doesn’t matter.’

Since it looked like she wasn’t going to lose, it was going to be fine.

‘Well, then…’

Raon stood up. As he warmed himself up, the bushes swayed and a blond, blue-eyed swordsman appeared.

‘Kein Zieghart.’

The sixth training ground’s top trainee, and the member of the direct line that was two years older than him, had appeared.

‘I knew it.’

Since they were losing in every direction, and Raon himself was hiding his presence, there was only one thing he could do.

Seize the opponent’s flag.

“So you were here, Raon Zieghart.”

Kein bit his lip. He didn’t look surprised, as he must’ve been expecting it.

“I didn’t expect you to cast magic on the trainees. I heard you weren’t acknowledged by them, but it must’ve been a false rumor.”

He slowly drew his sword from around his waist.

“However, this is the end.”

“The end?”

“I heard your aura has a fire attribute.”

As he said that, a crimson flame flared up on his blade.

“Unfortunately, my aura is the highest tier fire attribute aura, and I have more aura than a regular swordsman. In this match up, you can’t win against me.”

“Match up, huh?”

Raon smirked and unsheathed his sword. The energy from the ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’ created a red flower as it heated up the blade.

Whir!

It was a lot smaller than the fire on Kein’s sword, but the color was incomparably denser.

“People from this house really talk a lot before fighting.”

Raon declared, eyes the same color as the flame.

“Come at me. I’ll show you how a single flower of flame can engulf your fire.”

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 65


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Metun furrowed his brow, watching Raon as he hid his presence like a wild animal.

“Has Raon been hiding his strength on purpose?”

“He wasn’t hiding it, but he did that to teach the other guys a lesson.”

Rimmer snorted.

“Teach them a lesson?”

“After receiving some attention, my students started getting delusional, thinking that they were actually really strong. They arrogantly believe that they are always ahead of the others, without realizing that there are plenty of people as strong as them.”

He smirked and pointed at Raon.

“The only person who judges his own abilities objectively in the fifth training ground is Raon. That’s why I wanted to teach them a lesson.”

“Wait! No way, were you actually in that pub because…”

“Yes. I went to the pub you frequent on purpose. I wanted to make the fifth and sixth training ground fight each other by taunting you.”

“Rimmer…”

“Don’t look at me like that. You were aiming for us as well.”

Rimmer turned around to look at Metun, smiling softly.

“Hmm…”

“I’ve been watching the way you’ve been teaching them well, and the children’s wholehearted efforts. No one is going to look down on you in the future.”

“Hmph.”

Metun frowned and turned his head. It seemed he liked the compliment since his cheeks had become slightly red.

“But Rimmer, you are also mistaken about one thing.”

He turned his face back, with vivid eyes.

“Mistaken? What kind of mistake?”

“The battle isn’t over yet.”

Metun raised his hand and pointed at Raon, who was standing in front of Kein.

“The Raon’s aura is a mid-high level fire attribute cultivation technique, which isn’t anything special. However, Kein is born with the fire attribute’s disposition, and has acquired a highest tier cultivation technique. Raon is unable to win against Kein in this matchup.”

As Metun finished speaking, a crimson flame flared up on Kein’s blade.

“Ah, this is another mistake.”

“It’s fine as long as you realize. The result…”

“No, it wasn’t about me, but you.”

Rimmer giggled. He turned his head and pointed at Raon, who was drawing his sword.

Whap!

A very small flame ignited on Raon’s blade.

“Open your eyes and watch.”

Rimmer’s eyes were burning red, much like the flame ignited on Raon’s blade.

“How the small flame will engulf the bigger flame.”

***

Kein Zieghart furrowed his brow, watching the small flame ignited on Raon’s blade. It was as beautiful as a flower, but it was too small.

‘It’s small.’

The small flame could barely cover the end of the blade. It was too thin to cut through anyone.

‘But there must be something about him.’

He couldn’t have become the top trainee by playing hopscotch.

Considering which opponents Raon had faced and won against so far, that energy must’ve been extraordinary.

‘But I’m stronger.’

He kept cultivating his aura non-stop for two years after getting injured. Swordsmanship would’ve been a different story, but he didn’t lose to the regular swordsmen in terms of the aura’s quantity.

Moreover, since he’d acquired the highest tier fire attribute aura and could use it to engulf Raon’s flame, the match was already decided.

Unless he was taken off guard, he could obtain victory, reversing the unfavorable situation.

“Here I go!”

Kein brandished his sword and kicked off from the ground.

‘I need to break through it with power.’

Raon was famous for his talent in swordsmanship. In order to avoid getting dragged around by his techniques, he needed to finish the fight in one fell swoop using speed and power.

“Haa!”

Right before he pummeled Raon’s shoulder with his flame sword, he raised his head.

Huh?

Serene eyes.

He got goosebumps as he looked at eyes that didn’t match the situation at all. He brandished the sword containing that small flame.

‘It’s too late.’

Putting strength into his waist and thigh, he completed his attack.

Clang!

The moment the two swords clashed, he fueled up his aura to full power.

Wham!

The flame rising from the blade was burning fiercely, as if it was going to engulf Raon as a whole.

However, something unexpected happened.

Tsssk!

The small flame at the end of Raon’s sword started engulfing the huge flame covering Kein’s blade.

“Wh-what is happening?!”

Kein’s eyes widened.

‘How does this make any sense?’

Such a small flame was engulfing his flame, when it should’ve been the other way around. It was unbelievable.

He met Raon’s eyes over the sword. His eyes were even calmer than before. He still had a lot of room to spare.

“Arrrgh!”

Kein grit his teeth. Using all his energy from his energy center, he sliced with his sword.

The aura exploded fiercely, to a point where a red line was drawn in the air, but Raon stepped up instead.

Whir!

His sword was changing from a heavy boulder to a sharp wind.

The silver blade was penetrating him like a beast’s fang.

“Huff!”

Kein hurriedly used his aura to slash his sword.

Clank!

‘I blocked it.’

‘I certainly blocked it, yet what is my sword…’

It was a single strike. In a single strike, the training sword shattered. He couldn’t believe such a small flame contained such a tremendous amount of power.

“It’s not over yet.”

The sound of wind could be heard once again, and his back was hurting as if it was being crushed.

“Kugh!”

Unable to withstand Raon’s punch, Kein was struck to the ground while screaming.

“Kuuu!”

As he was standing back up and enduring the pain of his ribs being crushed, he heard Raon’s voice from above him.

“Matchup?”

Raon tilted his head with an innocent expression.

“What’s a matchup?”

***

After beating down Kein, Raon sat on the tree trunk once again. After waiting a while, the fifth training ground trainees showed up through the bushes.

Some of them had fallen, but most of them had returned nice and healthy. Martha was holding the enemy’s flag.

“Th-that thing, I mean, isn’t that person Kein Zieghart?”

Dorian was looking at Kein, whose hands were tied up, with soulless eyes.

“That’s right. When the battle started going badly, he came here immediately.”

“Wow, the young master really never loses.”

A few trainees, including Dorian, smirked. They were saying that he was amazing.

“It was just like you said.”

Burren approached him with an awkward expression.

“The incomplete ‘Intuition Sword’ was easily tricked by the feints, so much that it was ridiculous.”

He scratched his head, then breathed out slowly and started talking again.

“I believed I could do better than you as a commander at least, but that wasn’t the case at all. If you weren’t here today, we would’ve lost to the sixth training ground.”

The trainees behind Burren nodded in agreement.

“I acknowledge you as the top trainee once again. I’ll follow your orders from now on without any complaint.”

He thumped his chest and turned around. His ears turned completely red, showing that he was embarrassed once again.

Stab!

Martha stuck the sixth training ground’s flag into the ground.

“I don’t really like it, but he’s right. I hate to say it, but the best contributor in today’s victory is you.”

She said that if his instruction ended up being weird, then she was going to give up on that promise.

“Raon.”

Runaan, who came back in a better shape than anyone, nodding strongly—as if she was telling him good job. It was her way of complimenting him.

‘This is how the fifth training ground should be.’

***

***

“Ha…”

Metun smiled bitterly. His gaze was fixated on Raon, who made Kein kneel after beating him up.

‘I didn’t expect that small flame to be that strong.’

Raon’s small flame didn’t lose to Kein’s large flame. Instead, it was overwhelming in terms of ferocity.

Rimmer wasn’t talking nonsense when he said it was going to engulf the other.

‘It’s not just the power, he was also watching his opponent properly.’

Kein’s flame was certainly strong, but there was a gap at the bottom of the blade where he couldn’t cover it with aura.

It was a small gap that was difficult to notice for a trainee.

‘However…’

He’d noticed it.

Raon Zieghart had noticed Kein’s mistake and swung his sword at that weakness to grasp his victory.

‘Amazing.’

He thought Kein’s perception was amazing, but Raon’s was even better. His perception was so sensitive and polished, to the point that it was still difficult to believe despite having witnessed it.

‘He’s insanely gusty, too.’

Analyzing the enemy’s weakness and swinging his sword in a spur of the moment wasn’t something just anyone could do. His mind was already on par with qualified swordsmen.

“Haa…”

Metun sighed and stood up. He turned around and nodded.

“I have no choice but to acknowledge him.”

“Hehe.”

Rimmer, who was half lying down, nodded in satisfaction.

“I complimented that boy, but why do you look so satisfied?”

“Because he’s my student.”

“What about it? He must’ve been training on his own while you were playing around.”

“Well, something like that did happen before.”

Rimmer snickered and got up.

“Then let’s go.”

“Where?”

“They think of each other as rivals, but they don’t antagonize or hate each other. Since they are all under Zieghart’s name, this is a good opportunity to get acquainted to each other. Let’s give them a feast.”

“Hmm, that’s a good idea.”

“You are paying for it, right?”

“Alright.”

Metun nodded. Since he made a bet with Rimmer, paying for the children’s food wasn’t a big deal.

“I knew you were a generous guy!”

Rimmer smiled and ran towards the trainees gathering around Raon.

“We are going to feast with someone else’s money!”

***

Raon took his fork and knife, watching the food piling up on the long rectangular table.

He cut the grilled pork in front of him into a small slice and put it in his mouth. The skin was crispy, the meat was moist, and it melted in his mouth. The taste was strong, but extremely delicious.

Wow! This is so good. I love it. It’s a condensed flavor that captures the King of Essence’s picky taste.

‘I agree, it’s pretty good.’

Try eating the pie over there next. Ever since Devildom, the King of Essence has loved pies. Every morning and evening…

Raon ignored him and ate the stew on his right side. It was soft and tasty.

Th-this isn’t bad either but listen to the King of Essence. Pie! It’s a pie!

‘Such a place existed around here.’

As soon as the battle ended, Rimmer had brought the trainees from the fifth and sixth training grounds to a restaurant inside the domain.

He was worried because the restaurant’s exterior looked old, but the dishes were varied, and the taste was great. It seemed an excellent chef had cooked using quality ingredients.

‘And yet…’

He looked around while eating another slice of pork. The atmosphere was as lethargic as an old piano wire. The fifth training ground, who came out victorious, and the sixth training ground, who had lost, were both depressed.

‘I guess it can’t be helped.’

The fifth training ground almost lost to the sixth training ground that they believed they could easily win against, and the sixth training ground had lost despite having prepared thoroughly. Both parties being depressed wasn’t anything strange.

Of course, that wasn’t the case for everyone.

“I’m realizing once again that I really taught them very well.”

Rimmer giggled while drinking the most expensive black beer.

“Giving out that advice was great, but did you see how they followed that advice? My students are really amazing.”

“You didn’t do anything today.”

“Who do you think taught Raon? It was me! Therefore, his achievements are also mine.”

“Haa…”

The two of them were having a reflection meeting on the battle. Although, it didn’t sound like a reflection meeting. Rimmer was just boasting, instead.

On the other hand, the sound of eating was the only thing that could be heard from the trainees’ table, just like a lunch after training. Thinking that it couldn’t be helped, he was about to eat his fried chicken.

‘Was his name Dunn?’

The big guy that fought against Martha at the center came up to her.

“You were stronger than I heard. Your attack and defense were both great. You were amazing at the first encounter, but I was really freaked out when you started aiming for the sword formation’s gap on the second encounter.”

Just like his honest appearance, Dunn told her how he felt. Martha seemed flustered, as she dropped the broccoli from her fork.

“Won’t you train with me one day? I’m sure it will be helpful for both of u…”

“Scram.”

Of course, Martha shook her hand without even looking at him.

‘I guess she isn’t going to start rampaging at this rate.’

Raon secretly nodded. Martha would’ve normally started punching him already, but the way she answered signified that she took a liking to him.

“Sir Burren.”

Decal also moved next to Burren, seizing the opportunity.

“Do you have anything to say?”

Burren frowned and raised his head.

“Do you usually practice feints?”

“Not that much.”

“They looked like very polished feints to me. They looked so real that I couldn’t give up on the opportunity. I ended up going for it like a dog on a bone.”

“Ahem!”

Burren’s face went slightly red. It seemed that he liked the compliment.

“Well, your ‘Intuition Sword' was also pretty sharp. I couldn’t find any way to break through it until I started using the feints. It was the first time my swordsmanship was countered so hard…”

Burren complimented Decan in return.

“But we still lost to Sir Burren in the end. We really couldn’t do anything once you started using the feints at the end.”

“Well, the swordsmanship is one thing, but my aura is better than yours, so…”

It seemed Burren took a liking to Decal’s honesty. He was even turned around, talking about swordsmanship and aura.

With that as the trigger, the trainees that had been reading the atmosphere started to talk about the battle, visiting the ones they’d faced.

They discussed which parts were amazing, and which parts were troublesome, as if they were having a debate.

“I heard you like ice cream.”

“Mhm.”

“Which ice cream?”

“Bead.”

Runaan was also sitting in front of a cute-looking girl. Whether they were having a proper conversation was questionable.

“Heave ho.”

He could hear somebody sitting next to him. When he looked next to him, it was the sixth training ground’s top trainee, Kein Zieghart, that he fought against at the end.

“It was my complete defeat. I didn’t expect you to break my sword by attacking the spot where my aura was weak.”

He nodded his head, face full of admiration.

“I’m guessing it wasn’t a coincidence, right?”

“That is correct, sir.”

Raon nodded honestly.

“You don’t need to talk so formally. We are both trainees, after all.”

“Okay.”

He didn’t need to refuse if he wanted him to talk casually, so he nodded.

“I believed I was the best at my age in terms of perception, but apparently that was my arrogance.”

Kein smiled, with the expression of having accepted everything. It was different than before. Meeting a member of the direct line with such a personality was rather refreshing.

“That was a great lesson for me, both tactically and mentally. Thank you.”

“A lesson?”

“Thanks to you, I learned that I shouldn’t be careless until the very end, and that I need to prepare for the plan’s failure. You probably told me all that in order to teach me a lesson.”

Kein stood up and slowly lowered his head.

“You are my benefactor. Thank you.”

“Uh…”

Raon tilted his head.

What is he even saying?

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 66


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Raon furrowed his brows.

‘Is he thanking me?’

He couldn’t understand it.

He had shattered the strategy Kein did his best to devise, he had won against him in the duel, and he had also hit his chest in the end, so he couldn’t understand why he was lowering his head to thank him.

“You look like you don’t understand.”

Kein smirked, like he expected that to happen.

“I believed that we could defeat you guys no matter what in this all-out battle. I had identified your personalities and might before the battle was even decided so that we could win against you whenever it happened.”

“That was indeed rather dangerous.”

Understanding Martha and Burren’s personalities and swordsmanship to devise a strategy against them had worked. If he hadn’t sent Runaan to call them back, they would’ve been eliminated right there.

“Yes. However, it was dangerous, and we didn’t manage to win. I believed everything was over after a small victory. I never expected you to have a better perception than me, for you to be skilled at hiding your presence, and I didn’t think Martha and Burren would change that much.”

Kein sighed heavily.

“Lastly, I never imagined losing in a one-on-one fight against you. Aura was the one thing I was confident about since cultivating was all I did while recovering, yet I still can’t believe I lost to such a small flame.”

He was still thinking that the ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’ was weak. It was a mistake, but since he didn’t really need to correct him, he didn’t say anything.

“I really learned a lot during this battle. I have to always keep in mind that there might be someone better than me in the enemy camp, despite them being younger, and never let my guards down.”

He saw Kein’s eyes. Those were satisfied eyes, like after filling one’s stomach with delicious food. It seemed that everything he’d said so far was his honest thoughts.

‘He isn’t too bad for a member of the direct line.’

It was just like he’d said. One always had to consider the possibility of the enemy hiding their strength. When he was an assassin, he could be called the best because he was prepared for every possibility.

“I see.”

Raon nodded to Kein and looked around the restaurant.

The fifth and the sixth training grounds’ trainees were now talking and laughing together like friends, all while eating the food.

“What do you think about while swinging your sword?”

“I don’t know about thinking, I just follow my instincts. And I already told you to scram!”

Even Martha, who has been acting irritated, was now responding a little after hearing so many compliments. Just a little, though…

“That much willpower is obvious for one who aims to become a Zieghart swordsman.”

“Indeed. A Zieghart swordsman would let his left side get stabbed after getting hit on the right side if that allowed them to achieve victory.”

Burren and Decal were laughing together with red faces, as if they were drunk.

Munch munch.

Runaan was eating fruit after finishing her conversation with Karin. It looked like she liked the fruit, since she had a bunch of them piled up in front of her, which reminded him of a squirrel.

‘How curious.’

It was strange how they could become so close after fighting each other so fiercely.

He thought the atmosphere was going to be as heavy as a funeral when he first heard they were going to have a feast together, but he was completely wrong. The restaurant actually felt like a small festival.

“You’re also weird.”

As he was wondering why, Kein, who was eating a chicken, snickered.

“Why?”

“Aren’t you curious about why those that have been fighting each other have now become so friendly?”

“Hmm…”

“I knew it.”

Kein nodded, confirming his guess.

“Shall I tell you the answer? It’s because they fought each other.”

“I know that already. But why does fighting…”

“No, it’s not just because they fought, but because they fought under the name of Zieghart.”

He pointed at the trainees that were talking about that day’s battle.

“We are all Zieghart. No one used underhanded methods, everyone did their best to fight in order to achieve victory. Everyone who clashed with their swords is aware of that fact.”

When Raon thought about it, it was just like he said. He could clearly feel Kein’s feelings while clashing his sword with his. Victory was his only wish.

“Since they did everything they could, they must feel refreshed whether they lost or won. They aren’t pretending to be friendly, but they actually became friends a little.”

Having said that, Kein drank juice as if he was drinking a beer.

“Is that so…?”

He felt like he could understand the reason that they looked so close, and why he couldn’t understand it, a little.

‘Because it wasn’t like this in my previous life.’

The all-out battles also happened as part of training when he was being raised as an assassin.

However, unlike here, the weak lost their lives despite it being training. He couldn’t even think about making friends, and he thanked the fact that he could live to see another day in despair.

‘This has to be the correct way.’

If people that trained in the same place under the same name fought against each other with everything they had, then the result should’ve been what he was witnessing right now.

However, what the instructors wanted him to be wasn’t a human being but an obedient dog. Since the training was about killing each other, doubting and resenting each other was a natural outcome.

“You looked so calm during the fight, just like an old warrior that had experienced all kinds of battles. Now you look your age. You’re such a strange character.”

Kein smiled while chewing on the meat. Rather than making fun of him, he seemed to be enjoying it.

“Is that so?”

Raon smiled back. Of course, the smile had a different meaning than Kein’s.

‘I really don’t know anything.’

He was getting stronger and stronger, and his assassination technique and experience still remained in his head, but he was lacking more than anyone there in terms of humanity. It was an ashamed smile.

“Haa…”

He sighed slowly and looked out the window. The setting sun was pressing gently on his eyes.

It was probably because of the situation, or because he’d heard of something that reminded him of his previous life.

He recalled his old memories.

It was when he didn’t even have the code name Rao. The memories of the days he struggled with a dagger in his hand in order to survive were filling up his brain.

The children that were running at him in order to kill him during the real battle training. He didn’t even know their faces since they were wearing masks, but they might have been able to live on like this if they hadn’t been taken away to that place.

They would’ve met friends they’d gotten along with, and laughed happily, and talked to each other. They might have face difficulties, but they would’ve lived a better life than dying like that. His hands trembled in grief.

‘That’s right. Everything was…’

Derus Robert.

It was because of that damned fraud that was the previous king of the south, the Sky Sword Saint. His wrath against him filled his heart after a long time.

“Raon?”

***

***

As Raon was grit his teeth, he heard Runaan’s clear voice. He suddenly came back to his senses.

Tsk, that damn brat dares to interrupt!

Wrath’s voice of regret was heard from his bracelet. It looked like he had slightly stimulated his emotions in the process.

‘You are really…’

W-wait! Why are you letting go of such a nice wrath?! Develop it even more! Don’t you need to take your revenge? The King of Essence…

‘Go away already.’

Kuh! You bastard…

Raon put Wrath back into the bracelet.

“Haa.”

There was some interference from Wrath, but those were his real emotions. He was going to kill Derus Robert, no matter what.

“I’m okay.”

“Mhm.”

He smiled lightly at Runaan, who was staring at him, and she started eating fruit once again. She really looked like a squirrel when she was eating.

“Raon Zieghart.”

Kein, who had already finished the chicken, called his name while tapping the table.

“I have a suggestion.”

“Suggestion?”

“How about having a match like this between the training grounds from time to time? One-on-one would also be fine, and another all-out battle like today’s would be meaningful, in my opinion.”

The restaurant fell silent. It seemed his voice was rather loud. The trainees that had been talking were now looking at them.

“Hmm…”

After looking around the children, he couldn’t see anyone who disliked the idea.

Martha was frowning, signaling him to decline the offer, but since she was the only one against it he didn’t care about her.

“You are cool, I knew it!”

Kein hit the table and stood up.

“Wow!”

“It’s going to be interesting from now on!”

“I’m not going to lose next time!”

“What are you on about? We are going to win again next time, for sure!”

The trainees' voices became louder. They were all rejoicing that they made new connections.

“God damn it!”

Except for one person.

Martha swore and glared at Raon.

Raon ignored her gaze and looked at the right end. The important people, the ones that could decide on Kein’s suggestions, were busy with something else.

“Wait, are you saying the food expenses here aren’t the price for losing the bet?”

“Obviously not. Did I ever tell you to pay for the food because you lost the bet? I just asked you to pay.”

“But I already gave you money.”

“That was the down payment.”

Instead of talking about the trainees' battles or what they could’ve done better, Rimmer and Metun were talking about the bet.

“That doesn’t make any sense…”

“This and that are different stories. The price for the bet is usually gold coins. Well, give it to me already. Pay for the food here as well.”

Rimmer extended his hand while grinning.

“You must be the only elf with so much greed.”

“Ah, thank you for the compliment.”

“Wow. I’m so angry.”

Metun hit Rimmer’s hand with a heavy gold coin pouch.

“Thank you, mister easy customer, I mean customer. Please do it again in the future.”

After getting the money, Rimmer stood up holding the beer glass.

“Hey kids, you did great today. Rest well tomorrow, see you again the day after at the training ground!”

He waved his hand and left the restaurant.

‘You aren’t going anywhere.’

Raon sneered and followed him.

‘I can’t let him be the only one benefiting from this.’

***

“I win every time I bet on Raon.”

Rimmer was cheerfully heading over to the gambling house.

‘Raon is my lucky boy!’

He was anxious because the trainees were losing one-sidedly, but in the end they met his expectations.

As soon as Raon made his move, the disadvantageous situation was reversed and they achieved a perfect victory. It looked like he was never going to lose in the future as long as he kept betting on Raon.

“A gamble that I can win 100% of the time is a golden calf! I want to do that every day now.”

“Such a gamble doesn’t exist in the world.”

“Huh?”

He hurriedly turned his head at the pleasant voice coming from behind him. Raon was looking at the gold pouch in his hand coldly.

“R-Raon? Why are you here? You should eat more…”

“It looks like you won a lot from betting on us.”

“Uh…”

“And this isn’t the first or the second time, right?”

“Ugh!”

He was correct both times. He did earn a lot of money thanks to Raon. Like, seriously.

“Half.”

Raon raised his finger and pointed at the gold pouch.

“Half?”

“Since you won thanks to us, please use half of it on us.”

“H-half would be too much!”

“There’s gonna be nothing left of it by tomorrow anyway.”

“I might triple the money! Who knows?”

“I’ve never seen you win anything at the gambling house.”

He snorted. Rimmer was frustrated, but he was right. However, this time was different. He had a great feeling about it.

“I have a great feeling. I’m going to win ten-fold, and use half of it to…”

“That won’t be necessary. The half is already plenty for us.”

“I don’t want to! Everything was my…”

“Then I’m not going to cooperate in the future.”

“What?”

“Since it’s obvious when the instructor is placing a bet, I might lose on purpose.”

“There’s no way you are going to do such a thing… Hmm.”

Rimmer groaned. Raon’s calm eyes were telling him that he was serious.

‘D-did I go too far?’

Now that he thought about it, he kept winning during the spars with Burren and Martha and kept everything to himself.

“I’m not asking you to give it to me, but I’m asking to spend it on the trainees.”

“Haa, alright. What is it? What do you need?”

“There was something I felt during the battle against the sixth training ground.”

Raon smiled slightly for the first time and continued.

“What the trainees need is…”

***

Two days later.

“Huh? What’s this?”

“A dummy?”

“This is a dummy used for practicing swordsmanship.”

The trainees’ eyes shone, looking at the training dummies placed on the left side of the training ground.

“A dummy for swordsmanship practice?”

“Yes. When you strike the training dummy with your sword, it returns an even stronger power. I heard it’s great for preparing for actual battle.”

“Really? But why did we get these out of nowhere?”

The trainees tilted their heads, looking at the training dummy.

“The instructor bought it for us.”

“Huh?”

“Really?”

Hearing from Raon, the trainees’ surprised gazes turned to Rimmer, who was lying down on the platform.

“You must’ve felt it during the previous battle, but you often lose the grip on your sword or gain wrist injuries because of the reaction while clashing swords with an enemy. He must’ve bought it in preparation for that.”

“Huh?”

“Did that gambling addict really…?”

“That means… Did he use the money he won two days ago for this?”

“Instructor…”

The trainees approached Rimmer with impressed eyes.

“Hmm…”

Even Burren, who blatantly disliked Rimmer, opened his eyes wide in surprise.

“Yes. Work hard with it.”

Rimmer smiled helplessly, waving his hand.

‘It’s so damn expensive.’

The training dummy was more expensive than he thought. He didn’t even have half the gold left after buying a few of them. Then he got angry and placed the rest in a bet and lost everything. He really ended up penniless, just like Raon had said.

However, Rimmer’s mouth curved up into a slight smile as he watched the trainees enjoying themselves while hitting the training dummies.

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 67


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Inside an old-fashioned room filled with black, hardwood furniture—including a bookshelf, desk, and a table—the rustling sound of writing could be heard.

The sound was coming from the desk.

A handsome middle-aged man with long silver hair glittering like a snowfield was drawing an unknown symbol in a book full of blank pages.

Mysteriously, the symbol he drew disappeared shortly after, and the book still looked as if nothing was written in it.

The middle-aged man was restlessly drawing symbols.

Drip.

A drop of blood dripped down from the open wound on his right hand and seeped into the book.

The middle-aged man stopped his hand for the first time, his gaze directed to the stain of blood coloring the white paper red.

“Tsk.”

The silver-haired middle-aged man, and the ruler of the south, the Sky Sword Saint Derus Robert clicked his tongue.

‘It still hasn’t healed up.’

The injury he’d received on his hand seventeen years ago, when he killed a hunting dog called Raon, still hadn’t disappeared.

He tried using high quality elixirs, and asking famous healers or priests, but no one was capable of removing the sword wound.

‘The wound didn’t open up, though.’

The wound didn’t get better or worse.

As if it was telling him to remember, it was mysteriously keeping its initial form.

“Are you asking me to remember a ghost?”

Derus Robert snickered and stroked the wound on the back of his hand. The blood spilling out slowly started to subside.

“I’m sorry, but I don’t look back. I only keep advancing forward.”

He picked up the fountain pen once again and started drawing the symbol into the book.

Until the sun that was in the middle of the sky set then rose once again, Derus kept drawing the symbols non-stop, without moving from his chair.

When Derus finally turned the last page, the black dragon drawn on the book cover was visible. It was drawn vividly, as if it was alive.

“It’s done.”

Derus Robert smiled in satisfaction, looking at the completed book.

‘There’s not much left until the grand plan now.’

When he put his hand on the book, the eyes of the black dragon on the cover sparkled.

***

The new year had begun.

Raon was now fifteen years old, and his appearance was the definition of the word elegant. He was sitting down where the charcoal kiln used to be with his eyes closed.

The red haze kept shimmering on his shoulders endlessly, and frost kept emanating from his pores.

With the heat and frost meeting each other, the misty gray haze was filling his surroundings.

As if Raon wasn’t aware of the mysterious phenomenon, he didn’t open his eyes until the sun set under the western mountain.

Raon, who looked like he had become a stone statue, finally started changing when the moon started rising.

The red haze shimmering on his shoulders became a red flame, and the steam coming from his skin pores became frost.

Sparkle!

The moment the flame and the frost collided with each other and created a spark.

Raon opened his eyes. His red eyes looked like they were struck by lightning as they pierced through the dark night.

He clenched his fist and breathed out in excitement.

“Finally.”

Translucent messages appeared above as his voice completely cracked.

The messages appeared one after another.

“I’ve finally reached the level of an Expert.”

Raon checked the messages and nodded in satisfaction.

Thanks to having trained continuously despite various incidents, he managed to reach the level of an Expert one month after the new year had begun.

He was only at the beginner level, which was worse than the apprentice level, but the feeling of achievement made him smile naturally.

Expert? Even a Sword Master is an insignificant insect, yet you are seriously rejoicing that you became a mere Expert?

Wrath snorted in dissatisfaction.

“It’s rare to become an Expert at the age of fifteen.”

Expert was indeed an excellent level, but it could hardly be called powerful on the continent’s scale.

However, if one reached that level at the age of fifteen, it was an achievement that could shock not only regular Houses and kingdoms, but also the Six Kings and Five Demons.

Age? Only idiots count ages on a battlefield. A weakling is just a weakling, no matter how old they are.

“That’s not wrong. No one would be dumb enough to go easy on someone on a battlefield just because they were young.”

He snickered while nodding.

“However, I have no intention of stopping just because I became an Expert.”

Raon pushed away Wrath—who was provoking him—then stood up.

‘It’s light.’

Probably because one strand of the shackle of ice that always pressured him had disappeared, his body felt as light as a leaf and was full of energy.

“Status window.”

Raon opened up the status window after trying to move his body a little.

As soon as he saw the status window, the corners of his lips raised. The ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’, the ‘Coldness of the Frost’ and the ‘Fire Resistance’ had leveled up, and his stats had also increased significantly.

It wasn’t just the numbers. His mana circuit had also expanded, increasing the amount and speed of the aura he could control.

‘I’m at the beginner level of Expert, but I should be on par with someone at the apprentice level.’

The thought of possessing a might stronger than the level or number that was displayed made him unconsciously clench his fists.

How pathetic. You are at a level that can’t even handle one finger, no, not even a fingernail of the King of the Essence.

“Well, that’s true.”

Raon smiled.

But why are you smiling?

“Because you wouldn’t even have said it was a fingernail before. Wasn’t that your way of acknowledging my growth?”

There’s no way the King of Essence would acknowledge a mere human!

“I must be right since your voice is trembling slightly. Since we’ve been together for a long time, I can tell what you are thinking to some extent.”

A human that tries to read the King of Essence’s mind deserves to be crunched to the bones!

Wrath’s coldness burst out like a tidal wave.

Whir!

Raon used the ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’, which had reached three stars, to completely melt Wrath’s coldness.

“Is that all? If you don’t recover your strength soon, I’m going to eat you.”

Hmph! Listening to your nonsense reminds me of the old days. Back in devildom, the King of Essence had demon visitors that tried picking a fi…

“Ah, I should go warm up.”

Where are you going? Listen to the King of Essence!

***

***

“Training is finished.”

“Thank you for your effort.”

At Rimmer’s voice, Raon lowered his head while breathing heavily.

“Thank you for your effort!”

The trainees also repeated their thanks after Raon.

“You are welcome.”

Rimmer waved his hand while grinning. It looked like a halfhearted response stemming from his laziness, but it was actually his way of greeting.

‘It looks like everyone’s gotten used to it now.’

Raon nodded slightly, watching Rimmer, the instructors, and the trainees.

After spending over three years together, everyone had gotten pretty close.

Even Burren and Martha, who hated him the most, now realized what kind of person Rimmer was and were softer towards him.

“Instructor. Since you were twenty minutes late today, shouldn’t you train us twenty minutes longer?”

Of course, he still didn’t compromise on his tardiness.

“Let’s do that tomorrow. We’ve done enough for today.”

Rimmer smiled awkwardly and went down from the platform. Judging from the way he was stepping backwards, he was about to run away after changing the subject.

“The ones on duty should start cleaning up the training ground.”

Raon murmured that he was always the same and turned around to give the cleanup orders.

“Understood!”

Dorian, who was on duty, energetically nodded and ran to the corner that the cleaning materials had been placed.

“Eek!”

While opening the toolbox, he noticed who was standing next to him and screamed.

“What? Do you have a problem with me being on duty?”

Martha, whose black hair was flowing down her shoulders, furrowed her brows.

“N-not at all. I’m absolutely! Honored…”

“Tsk.”

She clicked her tongue and took the equipment for hardening the training ground’s floor, starting her work before Dorian.

The Martha from before would’ve left the chores to the collaterals or the recommended children and headed over to the direct line training herself. However, she couldn’t escape the cleanup duty anymore because of Raon’s orders.

“What are you watching? I have to clean up, so disappear somewhere else!”

“Eek!”

“Ugh!”

Martha stomped her feet and the ground trembled. The trainees that were staring at her in a daze hurriedly ran to the exit.

“Eek!”

Dorian, who was standing next to her, collapsed on the ground in shock.

“She’s still the same. It seems you are the only one she is acting differently towards.”

Raon turned his head to the voice behind him. Rimmer was approaching him with a silly snicker.

“Didn’t you run away because of Burren’s scolding?”

“Ah, I came back since there’s something I forgot.”

“Forg…”

“Attention, everyone!”

When Rimmer clapped his hands, the trainees, who were running away from Martha’s shout, all stopped to listen to him.

“I have something to tell you.”

When the trainees came near him, Rimmer went up onto the platform once again.

“I forgot something really important.”

He smiled awkwardly and scratched the back of his head.

“What is it again?”

“Ah, you’ve got a second mission.”

The whole training ground fell silent in an instant.

“Mission!”

“How can you forget about that?”

“That guy is serious…?”

Since they couldn’t imagine he could forget about a mission, the trainees ground their teeth.

“Mission, huh…”

Raon closed his eyes.

‘It took longer than I thought.’

Since they had successfully completed their first mission, he thought they were going to get their second mission sooner. However, over a half a year had passed since then.

It looked like the missions weren’t that frequent for the trainees.

‘It’s either the way Zieghart is raising their children is softer than I thought, or the mission is incredibly difficult.’

It was one of the two, but he personally hoped for the latter. That would allow him to grow up faster.

Rimmer pointed towards Cebu village in the air. It was obvious that he didn’t bring a map because he was too lazy.

“Getting rid of the orcs that are threatening people at Cebu village, and protecting the village is your mission. In short, it’s a village protection and monster extermination mission.”

“Orc!”

“It’s monster extermination!”

Monster extermination was the easiest and simplest mission compared to escort or dungeon exploration missions. Since it was easier than their first mission, the bandit extermination, the trainees cheered out loud.

“You are stupid for being happy about a mission.”

Rimmer clicked his tongue and continued.

“Unlike the first mission, the instructors won’t come along. You guys will be the only ones going to Cebu village. Thinking and making decisions by yourselves from the beginning to the end isn’t going to be as easy as you think.”

“I have a question.”

Burren raised his hand.

“What were you even thinking, to actually forget to tell us about a mission that we will be doing by ourselves?”

“Hmm… That’s not a question, but a reprimand.”

Rimmer broke out into a cold sweat.

“Haa!”

Burren’s face wrinkled like tree bark, and he sighed heavily.

“Then I will ask the real question. Since you said we will be the only ones moving out, what shall we do if we meet a critical situation we can’t handle by ourselves?

“Recognizing that is also your job. If the mission is deemed impossible, giving up on it and deciding to return is also your ability. Therefore…”

Rimmer’s gaze glanced around the trainees, then stopped at Raon.

“The leader’s ability is important once again. You have to decide whether you have to break through with power, devise a strategy, or run away without looking back upon facing a critical situation.”

“I-isn’t it going to be a problem if we run away from a mission?”

Dorian raised his hand this time.

“It depends. If you run away from goblins, you will lose points and be disgraced. If you manage to run away from one of the Five Demons, then you deserve to be praised.”

“Ohh!”

Dorian exclaimed, hearing that he was allowed to run away. His cowardly personality remained the same in the new year.

“Understood.”

Burren eventually looked at Raon. With his eyes slightly shining, his expression was that of acknowledgement and slight envy.

“You will be departing the daybreak after tomorrow. You shall rest for today and tomorrow while thoroughly preparing for the mission.”

“W-w-wait! In two days?”

Dorian’s eyes flicked left and right like a grasshopper.

“Yes. In two days.”

“Why is it at such short notice?! That’s way too early! Since today is almost over, we’ve only got one day left!”

“Monster extermination is an urgent mission compared to escorts or dungeon explorations. If you end up being late, Cebu village will be the one suffering casualties.”

“Then you should have told us earlier!”

Burren exploded again and stomped the ground.

“Hmm…”

“The day after tomorrow…”

“Stop.”

Raon’s low voice pierced through the center of the training ground.

“The instructor told us before. You can’t predict when and what kind of mission you will get. Instead of being flustered and criticizing him about it, you should be preparing for the mission. The more you criticize, the more you will be played by the instructors’ hands.”

“Hmm…”

“That’s right.”

“Yes. Let’s make our move for now.”

The trainees that were angry like Burren nodded, and Rimmer smiled in satisfaction.

“I’m going to pluck off those ears one day.”

Martha murmured something Wrath had already said before and ground her teeth.

Runaan looked like none of it mattered as she stood blankly, licking her lips. She seemed to be thinking about the ice cream she would eat once she returned home.

“A wild orc is fiercer and sturdier than the orc you faced during battle training.”

“Since they are also bigger in numbers, it will be a fight of one versus many. Since we’ve learned footwork, it will be more advantageous for us to focus on evading rather than blocking. Make your equipment as light as possible and gather here at daybreak in two days.”

After saying that, Raon turned around.

“Mhm.”

“Tsk.”

Runaan nodded like a baby bird and Martha clicked her tongue, then left the training ground.

“Understood!”

The trainees that followed Raon answered loud and clear, then ran towards the dormitory.

“Hmm…”

Burren glared at the instructors for a moment, but he turned around without saying anything. The collaterals followed him towards the main building.

“He really looks like a leader now.”

Rimmer grinned with his arms crossed. Of course, he was saying that looking while at Raon’s back.

“I know, right?”

