
Thanks to her well-timed surprise attack, the green demons were getting wiped out, unable to find an opening to attack back.

‘We did it!’

Raon was still nowhere to be seen, but it looked like they could win.

“Don’t let a single one escape!”

Burren grit his teeth and rushed towards the green demons.

“Until the end… huh?”

He was going to swing his sword and follow them to Cebu Mountain, but he stood still, ducking his head.

“Wh-what is it…”

Something was moving inside the red cloud and fog that seemed to cover the entire forest.

He could hear somebody gulping from behind.

Step.

A mysterious man wearing puffed up green armor made his appearance.

He was wearing an orc fighter helmet with a cross shaped scar on the forehead and a bucktooth rolling up to the tip of his nose.

Burren’s hand holding the sword trembled.

“Th-that orc fighter armor! Green War Demon!”

Green War Demon was one of Eden's lower executives, and he was a monster that had the orc fighter’s strength transferred to his human body.

“R-retreat!”

Burren stepped back, his trembling hand holding his sword. His limbs trembled as he faced that frightening presence.

“Ah…”

Runaan couldn’t hide her trembling eyes either.

“Green War Demon, huh?”

On the other hand, Martha licked her lips. Her eyes looked like she was going to attack him right away, but she was also aware that she couldn’t win on her own.

“You are making it annoying.”

The Green War Demon’s mouth opened. What came out was a growl full of murderous intent, as if he had really become an orc fighter.

“I gave you the chance to return after playing around a little, yet you threw it away. That was completely stupid.”

He grabbed the double-edged axes on his back. An overwhelming wave of energy rampaged through the trainees, taking their breath away.

The red energy burning on the axe was the combative energy that only mid upper-level monsters could use. And Eden’s executives were all capable of using that combative energy.

“Keuh!”

“Kuh!”

The trainees were barely standing, biting their lips.

‘We would’ve already collapsed if we didn’t have that training.’

Burren’s fingernail scratched his hand. If Rimmer hadn’t trained them to withstand his pressure, he would’ve been kneeling and waiting for his death.

“So, you withstood my pressure despite being a mere trainee. You are indeed a Zieghart.”

The Green War Demon grinned.

“But you are stupid. You are going to die because you’ve acted rashly, without even knowing your own abilities.”

“Hmm…”

Raon’s warning resounded in Burren’s head.

“We won’t know until we try, you disgusting bastard!”

Martha stepped up while provoking him. She bent her hand backward to signal Runaan and Burren.

Seeing her hand signaling them to attack him at once in three seconds, their eyes glowed intensely.

“Whatever you do is pointless.”

“Shut up! Your breath stinks!”

Martha dashed at the center while Burren and Runaan penetrated from both sides.

“Do you think you can do it together, just the three of you?”

The Green War Demon swung his axe horizontally. A heavy combative energy engulfed the space, following an intense wind pressure.

“Kuaaah!”

“Kya!”

“Kuh!”

Burren’s sword was broken, Runaan bounced back, and Martha knelt down. It all happened in a single strike. The Green War Demon was on a completely different level from the three of them.

“Aah…”

“E-even those three can’t match up to them…”

“Then how…”

“What about Raon? Where is he?!”

“H-He must’ve run away. Why would he be here after watching that?!”

Despair filled the trainees’ eyes. The three of them could defeat all the trainees combined, yet they had crumbled in a single strike. They couldn’t figure out a way to win.

However, they couldn’t run away either. Forget running away, they couldn’t even breathe properly because of the Green War Demon’s murderous intent.

“Did you think we let you go because you were so strong?”

The Green War Demon walked towards them with an even more powerful murderous intent.

“You are just larvae riding on a huge tree named Zieghart. You don’t have any ability, might, or willpower. Did you think you were some sort of big deal?”

Every single one of his steps ignited a flame of combative energy from the ground.

“Ah…”

“Keuh…”

Burren grabbed his broken sword tightly and Runaan raised her body with trembling arms.

“D-damn it!”

Martha’s fighting spirit hadn’t faded away yet. She grit her teeth and raised her aura.

“You are the best among this pile of trash.”

The Green War Demon walked towards Martha, who was standing at the front.

“I guess, since you managed to notice that gaze.”

He growled and stood in front of Martha.

“Ugh…”

Unable to shake off the orc fighter armor pressure, Martha bit her lip and her body trembled.

“Since it came to this, I’d better trample on all the Zieghart’s sprouts.”

The Green War Demon raised his double-edged axe, his smile full of murderous intent.

“Then die.”

“Ah!”

Martha’s eyes widened. The moment the Green War Demon was about to swing his axe, a pitch-black shadow appeared behind him.

Raon Zieghart.

The boy that had never shown himself so far swung his sword.

“No. You die.”

Surrounded by a crimson flame, Raon’s sword dashed towards the Green War Demon’s neck.

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 73


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Raon didn’t show himself, even after sending out Martha and the rest of the trainees at an opportune moment.

He held his breath as he hid his presence even more, like a wild animal or a twig swaying to the wind.

The trainees recovered their courage and willpower at the arrival of Martha’s reinforcements, wiping out the green demons.

‘It’s going to start now.’

Raon warmed himself up while breathing out slowly. It looked like victory was near, but it was also the most dangerous moment.

‘The Green War Demon hasn’t made his appearance yet.’

Eden’s Green War Demon, who had ordered the green demons to attack, must've been up there.

Raon approached the bushes where everyone was fighting very slowly and silently.

The moment Burren, Runaan, and Martha were about to swing their swords at the remaining few green demons…

He appeared.

‘The Green War Demon, I knew you were there.’

Eden’s lower executive, the Green War Demon, who had received orc fighter’s strength. He was walking towards them with tremendous pressure.

Slam!

Burren, Runaan, and Martha were bounced back at once with a single enraged strike. Oppressed by the Green War Demon’s pressure, they couldn’t even move their bodies properly.

Thump.

Raon moved his feet, synchronizing his heartbeat with the Green War Demon’s breath.

The movement of his feet was the Shadowless Steps he had learned, his life on the line, when he used to be an assassin. Moving as secretly as a shadow, he moved to the Green War Demon’s back.

Whoosh!

As the Green War Demon was about to swing his ax at Martha, he raised his sword while hiding his murderous intent under the Green War Demon’s murderous intent.

“Then die!”

The moment the Green War Demon was about to strike, he used the ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’.

Whir!

The first flame of ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’. The flower of flame that ignited at the end of the sword fell towards the Green War Demon’s neck.

“You!”

The Green War Demon’s eyes were full of astonishment as he turned around. He used his combative energy on his back in that instant, trying to deflect the sword’s trajectory.

“Just die without struggling.”

Raon split apart the Green War Demon’s combative energy with the flame from the ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’ and slammed his sword down.

“Kuaaaah!”

The moment the sword that fell like a lightning was about to slice his neck, he pierced into him instead.

Thud!

With red blood gushing out, something fell to the ground.

Raon frowned and glared in front of him.

“Kuhuhu…”

The Green War Demon, whose left arm was completely cut off, was smiling as he coughed up blood.

“It looks like you didn’t expect me to move into you.”

“Crazy bastard.”

Human instinct was to run away from danger, not to run towards it. Moving towards him in that instant to sacrifice his arm instead of his neck was a really crazy thing to do.

‘This is why I didn’t want to fight them.’

Raon clicked his tongue.

“Kuh!”

Red combative energy burst from the Green War Demon’s shoulder, and the blood that was gushing out like a broken dam stopped.

“It looks like you can’t move either.”

“……”

Raon didn’t respond. Just as he said, he couldn’t move for a moment since he had wagered a lot on that single strike.

He would’ve run towards him to behead him already if he could move his body.

“Are you the person in charge here?”

He opened his mouth while recovering his body and aura by swinging his ‘Ring of Fire’.

“What else? Do you think somebody higher up than me would come to such a small village?”

The Green War Demon grasped his axe with the remaining arm tightly. The red combative energy, which had subsided, burst out once again.

“Well, we never know. After all, you guys are lunatics.”

Releasing the murky energy with his breath, Raon bent his knee slightly. He filled his lungs with fresh air in a posture where he could start dashing whenever he wanted.

Thud!

The Green War Demon kicked the ground. He swung his axe, exuding a tremendous amount of murderous intent—enough to give him goosebumps.

Whir!

Raon swung his sword upward. The cleansed first flame of the ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’ surrounded his sword,

Clang!

The sword and double-edged axe clashed, sounding like steel being crushed.

Whir!

The crimson spark spread out, burning the ground.

“Did you just block that?”

The Green War Demon swung his axe horizontally while glaring at him. The powerful wind pressure made it difficult to move his sword properly.

“I should give up on being a swordsman if I can’t even block that.”

Raon swung his sword, engulfed in fire.

Clash!

His hand felt like it was being torn apart as they clashed for the second time, but he brandished his sword once again, hiding his expression.

“You understand the warrior’s spirit! A brat from Zieghart!”

The Green War Demon burst into grotesque laughter and swung his axe.

“Even so, I can’t spare your life!”

“I never asked you to spare my life.”

Raon swung his sword to block the axe and advanced one step.

Clang!

Facing the tremendous amount of combative energy imbued in the axe, Raon’s sword trembled as if it was going to break.

‘I have to withstand it.’

He couldn’t break through him with his current power. He needed to fight while deflecting the axe’s energy.

Slam!

Using the intricacy of Zieghart’s swordsmanship, he blocked the Green War Demon’s instinctive attacks.

Raon and the monster with an orc’s instinct clashed their sword and axe countless times at close quarters.

***

***

“Wh-what is this?”

Burren’s chin trembled, his eyes wide.

‘Seriously, what is this…’

He couldn’t breathe because of the two monsters fighting in front of him, clashing their sword and axe.

‘H-how many times have they swung their weapons?’

He couldn’t even recognize the trajectory of the sword and axe. It would’ve been an understatement to say they were better than himself, since they were on a completely different level.

Whoosh!

The Green War Demon’s axe pummeled down like lightning.

He unconsciously swallowed.

If that attack was directed on his head, his body would’ve been split into two right after. Goosebumps appeared on his arm thinking about it.

However, Raon parried the ax by swinging his sword in a semi-circular trajectory.

Slam!

The axe crushed the ground. Red energy burst out from the cracked ground.

“Th-that…”

Burren scratched the ground with his hand.

The ‘Star-Connecting Sword was the most basic technique learned before anything else in Zieghart. Raon was stopping that mighty axe using the ‘Star-Connecting Sword’ alone.

Burren couldn’t close his mouth. Saying that he was surprised was an understatement at that point.

‘I thought I had somewhat caught up to him…’

He’d been nurturing his body and mind with everything he had after being impressed by Raon’s efforts. He had thought he was right behind him now, but that wasn’t the case at all.

The strike that cut off the Green War Demon’s arm earlier and the might Raon was displaying right now far surpassed a trainee’s level.

“Do you get it?”

He turned his head around at the voice that sounded like a lamentation. Martha was right next to him, gasping for breath.

“That’s his true power.”

Martha narrowed her eyes and glared at Raon, who was fighting equally against the Green War Demon.

“What he showed us was just the tip of the iceberg.”

She was already aware of the fact that Raon had been hiding his power.

‘However…’

She had never imagined he was strong enough to fight on equal ground against the Green War Demon, who had pushed back herself, Burren, and Runaan with a single strike.

‘I have no choice but to acknowledge him now.’

Martha clenched her fist. The mission. Everything was in Raon’s grasp. The situation developed just as he had said, and it was achieved the way he wanted.

The only thing left was defeating that monster.

“Haa…”

Runaan, who regained her composure, approached them holding a broken sword. Raon, who seemed to be barely holding on, was reflected on her blue eyes.

She bit her lip harshly and was about to participate in the fight. That was when Martha blocked her way.

“Calm down. You will get torn into pieces the moment you step in.”

“I can help him.”

“You are going to die before then.”

“I don’t care.”

Runaan shook her head. Only thing reflected in her eyes was Raon, who was evading the axe with difficulty.

‘This girl…’

Martha furrowed her brow. Considering she was trying to participate despite knowing the danger, it seemed she wasn’t following Raon for no reason.

“Then hold back just a little bit longer.”

“What?”

“That guy…”

Martha pointed at Raon. His eyes, which looked like crimson lightning, were bursting up instead. Martha continued while looking at such eyes.

“He has the same eyes as when he won against me in a duel.”

***

“Kuh!”

The Green War Demon bared his teeth, exuding his combative energy.

“It looks like you are running out of strength, am I right?”

“……”

Raon didn’t respond. He just focused on swinging his sword and blocking the axe.

‘The murderous intent is getting more and more intense.’

It seemed that he didn’t earn the orc fighter’s armor with hopscotch, since he was still full of energy despite having lost a quarter of his upper body. It was truly a crazy amount of endurance.

‘I should’ve finished him earlier.’

Raon clicked his tongue. He didn’t completely hide his murderous intent because it was his first assassination after a while. It was a regretful situation.

“You are special. Considering your age, it wouldn’t be an overstatement to call you the biggest genius on the continent. However…”

The corners of the Green War Demon’s lips were lifted in the shape of a crescent moon.

“I’m also special.”

The intensity of the flame on his axe increased.

Whoosh!

The axe's strike grew faster and fiercer.

Clang!

Raon held his sword vertically to block the blow. When he was about to parry it like before, the axe’s blade rotated and pressed on the sword.

“I finished figuring out the swordsmanship you’re using. It was a bit difficult because it was a variation of a basic swordsmanship, but it’s over now.”

The Green War Demon wasn’t lying. He was reading into the direction Raon was going to move his sword, preventing him from blocking or parrying.

Bam!

A different sound roared from the sword and axe clashing. It was a clash of strength.

“Kuh…”

Raon groaned despite having been holding it back. His forearm trembled from the strength of the axe, which was too much for him to handle.

“Did you know that? Eden’s executives have a special ability.”

“……”

“What I have is a sense. A sense that tells me where you are going to move your sword next.”

The Green War Demon grinned and swung his axe horizontally. The combative energy in his axe created a strange flow and blocked where Raon was going to dodge.

“You talk a lot, just like somebody else I know.”

Raon smiled coldly and swung his sword upward.

Screech!

Along with a sound of sawtooth being twisted, the Green War Demon’s axe went past the blade, heading to the ground.

Thud!

Raon kicked off from the collapsing ground, piercing the Green War Demon’s chest. He swung his sword to his surprised eyes.

Slice!

A lethal amount of blood burst out from the left side of his chest.

“Keuh!”

Swinging his axe haphazardly, he stepped backward.

“Tsk.”

Raon clicked his tongue. He was trying to cut him apart completely, but he was lacking in strength and distance. It was difficult to fight in a body that hadn’t completely grown yet.

“Y-you bastard. How could you…”

“Just like you figured out my swordsmanship, I also analyzed your attacking method.”

“…Do you expect me to believe that…”

“Why not? If you can do it, then I can do it as well.”

It wasn’t a lie.

Thanks to using the ‘Ring of Fire’ while fighting him, he managed to predict where the axe was going to move next. It wasn’t perfect, but he could predict half of his movements.

“Huff…”

Blood started subsiding from the Green War Demon’s chest. A flame of combative energy burst from his entire body.

“What is your name?”

“It’s Raon Zieghart, nameless Green Demon of Eden.”

“Blond hair and red eyes. I’ve been feeling uneasy from the first time I saw…”

As if his murderous intent was taking shape, red energy burst out from his eyes.

“You’ve inherited most of Glenn Zieghart’s blood.”

“What?”

“You are dangerous. I’m going to kill you here no matter the cost. For Eden's future.”

Wham!

The combative energy that was spreading around the Green War Demon gathered in the double-edged axe. It looked like a mace made of red blood instead of an axe.

“I’m going to destroy everything, you and the Ziegharts behind you alike.”

The Green War Demon ground his teeth and raised his axe.

Raon didn’t step back despite witnessing that tremendous amount of power. He brandished his sword, which was swaying to the powerful energy wave.

“It’s the perfect opportunity to try it out.”

Stretching his knee to the front, he turned his sword behind him.

Whir!

The single flame burning at the extremity of his sword flowed down the edge, splashing as if a tidal wave was carrying it.

The ‘Ten Flames of the Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’.

The second door of the ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation' opened up, and ten flowers blossomed on the blade and started dancing.

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 74


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

The Green War Demon had never considered Raon a child, not since his surprise attack.

He was hiding his presence as well as a wild animal, and his slash had no sign of hesitation.

‘An assassin, and a highest-level assassin on top of that.’

If that monster’s name wasn’t Zieghart, he would’ve thought he was an assassin.

However, his surprise attack had only succeeded halfway, and the Green War Demon had the vitality of an orc fighter.

He prepared for the next attack while burning up his combative energy and his vitality. It seemed Raon had spent a lot of his power in that surprise attack, as he was unable to move right after.

In the meantime, he stopped his shoulder’s bleeding with his combative energy and gathered his power.

‘It’s over.’

He had lost his arm and shoulder together, but since he managed to survive the first strike, he thought he was going to win without much difficulty.

Since he was raised as an assassin, he thought he would be weak in a head on fight.

Surrounding his axe with combative energy, he pummeled it down on him. He wanted to split him in two like firewood, but Raon easily managed to deflect the attack.

‘How can he be proficient at something other than surprise attacks? At that age?’

It didn’t make any sense.

Even if he was a Zieghart, it was impossible for such a young boy to deflect his attack like that.

‘He isn’t normal.’

The Green War Demon felt uneasy somehow and kept swinging his axe at Raon.

However, he managed to defend himself against all his attacks by blocking whatever he could block and evading whatever he needed to evade. He didn’t feel like he was fighting against a young boy anymore, but a swordsman that had gone through countless battlefields.

‘Still…’

The Green War Demon had the orc fighter’s sense of smell. As long as he had that ability to grasp the enemy’s weakness and what they were lacking, he couldn’t possibly lose.

‘I did it.’

He understood everything about the young boy’s swordsmanship. He swung his axe at the weakness he managed to find.

Slam!

The clashing sound of sword and axe resounded out loud. A satisfying sensation could be felt through his hand. Beheading him was now just a matter of time.

He swung his axe at the faltering boy. When he expected blood to gush out from his neck, his sword bent in a direction that he had never seen before to attack him.

Clang!

Because of the powerful strike and his carelessness, his axe was pushed back and his posture was broken.

“Argh!”

Before he managed to regain his footing, Raon attacked him. He swung his sword, slashing through his combative energy.

Bam!

The sound of his chest and ribs being split apart resounded in his ears, and he felt an excruciating pain.

“Keuh!”

The Green War Demon coughed up blood and grabbed his chest with his remaining hand.

“You bastard. How did you even…”

“Just like you figured out my swordsmanship, I also analyzed your attacking method.”

“…Do you expect me to believe that…”

“Why not? If you can do it, then I can do it as well.”

He gulped.

The faint smell of danger was getting stronger. He had a talent that he had never seen before, despite having witnessed countless talented people. He had a premonition that he was going to become Eden’s strongest enemy if he was left alone.

‘At any cost…’

He needed to kill him.

Whir!

He surrounded his axe by burning up his remaining combative energy and vitality. The double-edged axe’s blade was burning intensely, engulfed in flames.

“Grrrrr!”

The moment he was about to strike in order to get rid of the boy named Raon and the other Ziegharts behind him,

Crack.

His eyes started burning in a crimson color.

Whir!

The moment he murmured ‘The Ten Flames of the Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’, the small flame burning at the tip of his blade spread to the edge and ten flowers of flame blossomed.

“Ah…”

His chest tightened as he saw the flames. The injury on his chest, which he’d stopped from bleeding, burst open once more.

The boy pointed his burning sword at him, his eyes shining like a demon.

“Consider yourself lucky to become the first victim of the ‘Ten Flames’.”

***

***

Whir!

Raon’s eyes shone, watching the flame surrounding his entire sword.

‘It was a success.’

He thought it was still impossible for him, but he managed to complete the ‘Ten Flames’ thanks to the enlightenment he’d had during the battle.

Whir!

Overflowing power, strong enough to cut the Green War Demon apart in his unscathed state, burst from the sword.

“Keuh…”

The Green War Demon’s astonishment could be seen through his helmet.

“Wh-what the hell are you?! How can you be so strong at this age…”

It looked like his astonishment had surpassed the orc fighter’s instinct, since his voice had returned to a human’s.

“That’s not the important part right now.”

Raon took a step forward, spinning his flaming sword.

“Come at me.”

“Haa…”

White steam billowed from his helmet. He started gathering all his remaining energy on his right arm.

Thud!

He kicked the ground and pierced into him. The double-edged axe that was pummeling down contained all his remaining energy.

Clang!

The moment the axe was right under his nose, Raon thrust the sword he was keeping at his back.

‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation, Ten Flames’.

‘Flame’s Dancing Wind’.

The flower blossoms sitting on his blade spread out and started rotating. It looked like a whirlwind was rising from his sword as a tremendous firepower split apart the Green War Demon’s combative energy.

Bam!

“It’s not over yet! I’m going to get rid of you at any cost…”

“No, it’s already over.”

Raon calmly declared, swinging his sword.

Slash!

The combative energy, already torn apart, couldn't withstand the Ten Flames’ fire. The flaming silver blade pierced through the Green War Demon’s heart.

“Keuh, y-you Ziegh…”

Unable to finish his last sentence, he collapsed on his back.

Clang!

The dark green helmet on his head split in half, along with his armor. A young man in his twenties was found dead inside of it, with his eyes white.

Raon extinguished the Ten Flames’ fire.

“Haa…”

He breathed out roughly, feeling his pent-up exhaustion. He was about to sink to his knees as his strength left his legs, but he endured it and turned around.

He could feel the gazes of the trainees and the villagers, full of various emotions like astonishment, shock, relief, awe, etc.

“You…”

“Raon.”

“You bastard! Are you seriously…”

Burren’s lip trembled, unable to finish his sentence, and Runaan sank to her knees as if she was more anxious than he was. Martha’s eyes were shining, as if she was going to pounce at him at once.

“It’s not over yet.”

Raon raised his sword, pointing at the bewildered green demons. Since they had never expected the Green War Demon to lose, they were at a complete loss.

“Wipe them all out!”

“Waaaah!”

The trainees, who's fighting spirit could pierce the heavens thanks to Raon’s victory, dashed at the green demons surrounding the battlefield.

“Haa…”

Raon rotated the ‘Ring of Fire’ to melt down the exhaustion surrounding his body and started filling his energy center with aura.

‘This is so great.’

The ‘Ring of Fire’ was most effective after the fight, despite being also useful before and during it.

The aura that he had exhausted was full to bursting once again, like a boat riding a strong current, and lactic acid filling his muscles were melting away.

On top of that, it stopped the coldness inside his mana circuit from rampaging—which was about to happen—so it was truly the greatest cultivation method in many ways.

‘This is pretty funny.’

Since he had obtained the ‘Ring of Fire’ while running away after fighting against Eden, it could be considered funny.

They were also the enemies that had killed his father and his sister, though.

“Yeeah!”

“Kill all the green demons!”

“Finish the battle!”

Since Raon was still standing and watching them, the green demons didn’t dare attack back nor run away. They just offered their necks to the trainees.

The battle ended in less than ten minutes, and the trainees were the only ones standing in front of the wooden fence.

“Raon.”

After slaying the last green demon, Runaan ran up to him and grabbed his shoulder. It seemed to be her way of complimenting him.

“Raon Zieghart.”

Burren approached him after that.

“Haa, y-you were right. The enemies were strong, and we were weak. It looks like I was blinded from that one victory. I’m sorry.”

He bowed while biting his lip, so much that it could be mistaken as a pledge of obedience.

“If it wasn’t for you, not only us but the villagers we were supposed to save would also have died. Thank you. And I’m sorry. However…”

Burren continued, while raising his head.

“I would’ve still gone to help them. Even if I’m too weak, ignoring injustice isn’t what a Zieghart swordsman would do.”

“You did well.”

Raon nodded, meeting Burren’s green eyes.

“What?”

“I managed to find the Green War Demon’s opening thanks to you fighting with everything you have. You took a great part in this victory.”

“Wh-what are your intentions?! What do you want from me?!”

Hearing a compliment he had never expected, Burren’s fingers trembled in nervousness.

“I’m being honest.”

“Hmm… I-it will be different next time.”

Burren murmured, lowering his head.

“I’m going to be strong enough to catch up to you in the future and do my job properly!”

He bowed once again. It was his expression of gratitude, for saving his life and giving him enlightenment.

“Thank you for saving me and everyone’s lives.”

After saying that, Burren entered the village along with the collaterals. It looked like they were going to start the reconstruction right away.

Considering the way he was thinking about the village in that situation, he really had the talent to become a leader.

“Martha.”

Raon called Martha, who was standing still with her arms crossed.

“Good job. I managed to direct the fight in my favor thanks to you doing your job.”

If Martha didn’t attract the Green War Demon’s attention until the end, he would’ve failed his surprise attack and the fight would’ve been a lot more difficult.

She had done better than she was told.

“I should bite my tongue and kill myself if I can’t even follow the instructions.”

After swaying her corner of her lips, Martha turned her head and entered the village. Despite what she said, she seemed to like the compliment.

“Haa…”

Raon sighed. Probably because his tension had disappeared completely, the strength left his legs regardless of his body’s exhaustion.

Tap.

As he was about to collapse back, he felt something soft touch his back. He turned his head and saw Runaan supporting him.

“You looked like you were going to collapse.”

She nodded her head.

“How did you realize that?”

“It was the same during the training.”

Runaan nodded head, her mouth closed.

“I see.”

Just as he had been watching the other trainees, it seemed they had been watching him as well.

“Ha.”

Raon snickered and sat down. He wanted to fall asleep. He had been too tense.

Multiple messages were appearing in front of his eyes, but he didn’t have any energy left to read them. He just closed his eyes and fell asleep.

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 75


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Raon opened his eyes, feeling refreshed after his long slumber.

They were all positive messages.

“Hmm…”

Raon blinked and raised his body. He was inside a log house that he had never seen before. It looked like he was still in Cebu village.

“What’s all this?”

He checked the messages once again. They were about the ability, title, and trait that he had obtained through his fight against the Green War Demon.

…Why are you getting so many rewards for defeating such a weakling?

Wrath ground his teeth. He seemed displeased about the fact that he was getting rewarded.

He was just a tenacious idiot. And yet, you are getting stats, a title, and even a trait. This is ridiculous.

‘It’s your ability, though.’

Raon raised his hand to push away Wrath, who was emanating coldness and wrath at the same time.

Damn it! I didn’t realize when I was using it, but that’s seriously…

Wrath didn’t finish his sentence, but Raon could understand him nonetheless.

‘This is certainly a cheat.’

Raon slowly nodded and opened the status window.

The first thing he noticed was the title. It had changed from the ‘First Victory’ to ‘Indomitable’. He noticed despite the title having changed, the effect of the previous title still remained. He checked the new title.

‘Is this for real?’

Raon furrowed his brows. A three percent increase didn’t look like a big deal, but it was an ability that got better the stronger he was.

Since most of the opponents he was going to face in the future would be stronger than him, the title’s effect could also be considered semi-permanent.

‘Then next…’

He then checked the new trait, ‘Backstab’.

‘It’s a trait specialized for assassination.’

It was a trait that decreased his presence and increased the chance of a critical hit.

‘If only I had this before…’

The Green War Demon had noticed his presence before he had started to attack him.

If only he had the trait beforehand, he might’ve been able to finish him off in a single strike.

‘Well, I wouldn’t have been able to obtain those abilities in that case.’

Since he had gotten stronger after a difficult battle, it was a misfortune turned into a blessing.

Raon closed the status window after checking the increased stats.

‘I’m getting stronger day by day thanks to you. Thank you.’

Keuh…

Wrath, who couldn’t see the status window, was glaring at him with his blue eyes.

You won’t be able to die peacefully. I’m going to chew on your body over and over and over, then make you suffer for eternity.

‘Do it if you can.’

Since Raon was on his second life, after having already experienced the worst death ever, Wrath’s anger and threats were something he could scoff at.

“Ugh…”

Raon stretched his body and stood up. The muscle pain and headache that he was suffering from had disappeared, probably thanks to the increased stats.

Rattle.

Once he opened the door and went outside, he could see the black sky, just like when he collapsed. It seemed he had slept for an entire day.

“It’s rebuilt.”

The village’s wooden fence was rebuilt, sturdier and higher than before. It looked like all the trainees had worked together.

“Raon?”

He turned upon hearing a surprised voice, only to see Runaan standing there. Judging from how she was holding a washbasin, it looked like she was on her way to his room.

“Are you okay?”

“Yes.”

Raon nodded. His condition had returned to normal after a long sleep.

“Let’s go, then.”

“Where?”

“Dinner. Everyone’s gathered.”

She pointed to her back with her finger.

“Hmm…”

Raon rubbed his stomach. He was indeed hungry since he didn’t eat anything for over an entire day.

“Alright.”

“Mhm.”

Raon followed Runaan to the center of the village. Fire was burning from a big brazier at the center, and the villagers and the trainees were gathered around it.

A few people couldn’t be seen—they must’ve been standing guard.

“Huh? Raon!”

“Sir Raon!”

“Raon Zieghart!”

“Th-the benefactor woke up!”

“Benefactor!”

The trainees and the villagers, who were sitting in a circle around the brazier, stood up at once and shouted.

“H-how’s your body? Are you okay?”

“Are you hurt anywhere?”

“I’m glad you woke up!”

Burren ran up to him with wide eyes first, the other trainees following and examining him with worried gazes.

“Benefactor!”

“Thank you for saving the village! Benefactor!”

“You’ve fought so much for the sake of our village…”

The villagers, including the village chief, also ran up to him and knelt to express their gratitude.

“……”

Raon swallowed, watching them all.

Everyone’s gazes…

He could see the emotions contained in those eyes. Thanks, gratitude, repayment, awe.

From the trainees’ eyes, he could see embarrassment, gratitude, awe, aspiration, yearning, etc.

They had decided that Raon would be their role model, and they would follow and pursue his swordsmanship.

“……”

Raon received the people’s gazes, the ones that were touching his heart deeply.

His heart fluttered.

An emotion he had never felt before was enveloping his heart.

When he was an assassin in his previous life, he had never received emotions of gratitude, acknowledgement, and yearning.

Life and death were the only things that existed then.

He put his life on the line to kill people and gather information for the sake of House Robert, yet the acknowledgement and reward all went to the public people—like Derus Robert.

He was thrilled, in a different way than when he felt accomplished from training his swordsmanship or aura.

He looked at everyone once again.

The villagers were shouting out their gratitude, and the trainees were worrying about him with gazes full of yearning and awe.

‘Yes, from now on…’

Raon clenched his fist. Since he was going to live as a swordsman instead of an assassin, it was a sight he was going to behold countless times in the future.

He wanted more.

The desire to become acknowledged even more and receive more yearning gazes was born inside him.

Even more in the future…

***

***

Raon visited the village chief after finishing his meal. The village chief was flustered, bending forward significantly to bow.

“Can I talk to you for a moment?”

“O-of course!”

He raised the village chief’s body, which was rolled up like a larva, and brought him to a corner.

“Are you already aware of the identity of those who attacked the village?”

“Ah, yes. I know that they are a group called Eden, who can control monsters.”

The village chief nodded. Even a small village like that was aware of Eden's infamy.

“But I don’t understand why we became their target. It’s a small village with nothing to gain for them…”

The village chief shook his head, murmuring that it was weird.

“I heard about it while fighting against them, but didn’t you obtain a red gem from Cebu Mountain in the past?”

“Red gem? Ah, I have one. I found it in the mountains when I was young and brought it to the village… W-wait, no way!”

“Yes, that gem was their target.”

The village chief’s eyes widened at hearing Raon’s words.

“Th-then, all of this happened because of that pebble…”

“That’s right.”

He nodded. He needed to tell him honestly so that he would give him the gem of his own accord.

“Th-the village was almost destroyed because of me! Oh, no! It was all my fault!”

The village chief sank on his knees and started hitting the ground.

“Eden’s demons will keep coming to the village as long as the gem remains here.”

“I’ve been treating it like a guardian deity, since the soil had become fertile, and the cold had subsided ever since I buried the gem underground. Something like that…”

Raon became more certain after hearing it from the village chief. The goblin king was a monster with a powerful fire attribute. Since it was a gem left behind by him, it must’ve been warming up the village.

“Th-then what shall I do? Shall I throw away the gem now…?”

“I’ll take it with me.”

“Pardon? Is the benefactor really going to?”

“Eden is an extremely evil group that tries to erase humanity from the continent. They will most likely end up obtaining it if you throw it away, so I’ll bring it to Zieghart.”

“I can’t commit another offense to you like that.”

“That’s fine. That’s what Zieghart does.”

“Aah!”

Raon said something Burren would say. The village chief seemed to be impressed, his eyes glittering like morning dew.

“Zieghart is granting us another favor that we can’t return.”

“Another?”

“Yes. The current head of house, Glenn Zieghart, saved our village a few decades ago. I think it was when I was slightly older than the benefactor.”

The village chief raised his chin as if he were reminiscing about the past, looking up at the starry sky.

“The head of house did?”

“Yes. He saved the entire village just like the benefactor and treated us kindly with a smile.”

“Hmm…”

Raon tilted his head.

‘Kindness and a smile, huh…’

It was impossible to imagine, considering how Glenn looked currently.

“Aww, this old man just blabbered about the past. Come this way, I’ll hand it over right now.”

The village chief scratched his head in embarrassment and went to his house, located to the east.

‘So even that person used to be like that.’

Raon imagined Glenn’s smile, who was now like a block of ice, and followed the village chief.

***

The village chief’s house was at the western end, where Raon had woken up. Since the village chief’s house was usually located at the center, it was unusual for it to be at the end.

“So, this was the village chief’s house. Please excuse me.”

“Oh, it was nothing!”

The village chief waved his hand at Raon.

“But don’t village chiefs usually live at the center?”

“Since I’ve been living here all along, I grew attached to it and didn’t really want to leave.”

The village chief scratched his chin and went to the yard.

“I’ve buried it here. I thought it was a blessing since it was warming up the village, but it was actually a curse.”

He started digging a small field in the yard. After digging for about thirty minutes, he finally took out something wrapped in a black fabric.

“…What is that fabric?”

“It’s a wrapping cloth passed down for generations in my family. Since this pebble was shining so intensely, I wrapped it so it wouldn’t be noticed.”

While saying that, the village chief unraveled the fabric.

Whir!

Along with an intense heat, a powerful red light shone upon the dim garden. It seemed like the whole world had become bright with an enormous fire.

‘This is the goblin king’s magic stone…’

If Eden managed to obtain that magic stone, they would’ve created a new monster possessing the goblin king’s abilities.

“Sir, wrap it back in that cloth for no…”

“That was why.”

As Raon was about to tell him to hide the gem once again, a calm and deep voice could be heard from the right side.

“Huh!”

Raon raised his head, standing in front of the village chief.

A general in a battlefield would’ve looked like him.

He looked rough and fierce, his body full of scars. He had an extremely large build, and the way he was standing on a thin wooden fence with that big body of his looked out of this world.

The most distinct feature was his eyes. Madness could be seen in his yellow eyes, making the hair on his neck stand on end.

‘I couldn’t even sense him, though?’

Since he didn’t even manage to perceive him despite his huge build, he wasn’t just an expert.

“Who are you?”

“Me? I wonder?”

As he flicked his finger, a green helmet appeared in front of his eyes. It had a round shape with buck teeth protruding to top and bottom, and a single horn existed on its head.

Ogre.

The helmet was in the shape of a monster known as the tyrant of the mountains, and the man was spinning it on his finger.

“Guess who I am.”

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 76


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Ogre.

It was a monster called the tyrant of the mountains because of its outstanding intelligence on top of its powerful strength and agility.

Since it was one of the fiercest monsters, they often ended up killing the mage that tamed them.

Of course, Eden—which used the monsters’ power—also had a monster that had the ogre’s characteristics transferred.

The Blood Raving Demon.

The name, which signified he was crazy for blood, was a really suitable name for an ogre known for its ferocity and madness.

“…Are you the Blood Raving Demon?”

Raon chewed his lip. He could feel the blood gushing out from his lip, spilling down his chin.

“Even though you are a Zieghart sprout, you must have some sharp eyes to recognize this helmet at a glance.”

The Blood Raving Demon giggled, grabbing the helmet he was spinning.

“And I can’t determine your might for sure. Did you slay the Green War Demon?”

“……”

Raon’s hands trembled, unable to respond. The Blood Raving Demon was too powerful for his current self to handle, no—it was impossible, even if he combined forces with everyone else.

“Why is someone like you here…?”

“Because I’m the one who gave the mission to the Green War Demon. I never imagined he would die so easily.”

The Blood Raving Demon snickered and stood up. His enormous height made him look like a steel tower soaring on the wooden fence.

“That fabric is called Dark. It has a special effect of hiding the energy inside of it. Old man, you were lucky. Your village would’ve been turned into ashes from the beginning if you hadn’t covered it with that.”

The Blood Raving Demon kindly explained about the fabric enveloping the goblin king’s magic stone.

“Well, my turn ended up coming thanks to that.”

He equipped the huge ogre’s helmet on his head.

Obviously, it didn’t fit. However, the helmet started vibrating oddly once he started using his aura.

Rumble!

With the sound of something spinning from the inside, the helmet started to shrink in size to fit the Blood Raving Demon’s head.

Whir!

Green rusty water gushed from the helmet, covering the Blood Raving Demon’s entire body. The ogre’s armor, with noticeable muscles at the size of a boulder, started to form.

‘There’s no opening.’

Raon bit his lip. He wanted to attack, but the Blood Raving Demon wasn’t showing the slightest opening.

Rumble!

Once the lunatic light burst from the helmet’s empty eyes, he couldn’t breathe for a moment.

Raon Zieghart.

As he was barely enduring it, Wrath burst out from the bracelet. His voice was as heavy as lead.

I’m going to be honest. You have two choices right now.

‘Choices?’

Either you get killed by him or give your body to the King of Essence.

Wrath declared solemnly, as if he was merely stating the truth.

Those are the only choices you have right now.

***

Burren Zieghart was double checking the wooden fence that he had installed with the other trainees.

‘It’s pretty good.’

Since they had used the method learned from the instructors, the fence’s durability wasn’t too bad despite having been built in a short time.

It looked like it could withstand orcs or goblin attacks without much difficulty.

The materials mostly came out from Dorian’s pocket. It was helpful, but he couldn’t understand why he was carrying all that.

“Sir Burren, Raon has disappeared along with the village chief. Is that alright?”

The collateral that was right behind him approached him and whispered.

“So what?”

Burren turned around and asked back.

“I mean, the village chief might give him some treasure, and if he takes them for himself…”

“That’s a meaningless worry.”

He snickered and shook his head.

“I’m sure you are also aware of it. If Raon wasn’t here, not only us but the entire village would’ve drowned in our own blood. Whatever he receives or learns isn’t for us to argue. And…”

The collaterals shut their mouths, hearing his voice coming from the bottom of his heart.

“We are all using the name Zieghart. Competing between us in order to get stronger is fine, but there’s no reason to fight or begrudge each other when we are outside. You must've realized this to a certain extent already.”

“Hmm, that’s…”

“That’s right.”

The collateral trainees nodded.

‘He is correct.’

The trainees had been deeply impressed by Raon from the battle against the Green War Demon. Honestly, they couldn’t feel any hatred or jealousy against him anymore.

“It looks like the insects have finally come to their senses.”

“Martha?”

Burren raised his head, hearing the belittling voice. Martha was swinging her legs on top of a tree next to the wooden fence.

“Why are you here?”

“I came to check if you built the wooden fence properly.”

“How is the wooden fence then?”

“Not too bad considering your sloppiness. I guess your head isn’t completely made of stones.”

“Get out of my sight if you’ve finished checking. We are going to finish up here.”

“There’s only one person who can order me around.”

Martha came down from the tree, snorting. As she was about to walk towards Burren, a rustling sound could be heard from the bushes.

“Who’s there?”

“Right there, come out!”

As Burren and Martha lowered their postures, a silver-haired girl burst out of the bush.

“Runaan?”

“What are you doing here?”

“Fruits.”

Runaan showed them the basket she was holding. It contained ripe golden apples.

“Why are you harvesting that here?”

“I’m going to give them to Raon.”

“You can just give him the ones the villagers have already harvested.”

“This is fresher.”

Runaan quietly responded with blank eyes.

“You act like you’re already married.”

Martha provoked her with cold eyes, but Runaan took her basket without showing any reaction.

“I’m leaving.”

It was when she was about to leave.

Baaam!

A thunderous noise, loud enough to shake the earth, roared from the village’s outskirts.

“Wh-what’s happening!”

“What is this…”

“That’s…”

Burren, Runaan, and Martha, who were squatting on the ground while covering their heads, opened their eyes wide.

“Raon.”

“That’s the direction Raon and the village chief were headed!”

Runaan and Martha started to move first.

“It’s an emergency! You guys go and get your weapons, call the other trainees!”

“Yes!”

Burren gave out the instructions while following the other two.

Baang!

As everyone was about to run towards Raon’s location, another powerful energy burst out, reaching the village’s center.

Baam!

A blond-haired boy holding something in his arms bounced out from between the collapsing buildings.

“Huh?”

“Gasp!”

Runaan and Martha’s jaws dropped, noticing the boy rolling on the ground.

“Raon?”

“R-Raon Zieghart!”

***

***

“Runaan!”

Raon called Runaan’s name and threw the thing he was holding in his arms at her.

“Mmhm.”

Runaan ran ahead and caught the thing Raon had thrown at her. It was the unconscious village chief, who was bleeding from his forehead.

“Runaan. Martha. Don’t come over here! Escape this place immediately!”

His expression wasn’t just urgent, but he looked like he was about to gasp his life away.

“Just what happened…?”

Martha stopped approaching Raon, looking towards the west.

Thud!

A fierce step sounded like the earth was screaming, and the sandy dust filling the air scattered away.

A green giant, which looked like the personification of a mountain, was approaching them. The muscles in his arms and legs were as hard as a lump of boulders, and his yellow eyes were burning with madness.

“That’s…”

“O-ogre’s armor…”

The man was wearing the tyrant of the mountain’s helmet and armor. Martha and Runaan’s thoughts stopped as they faced his energy wave.

“B-Blood Raving Demon…”

The name of the man wearing an ogre's helmet spilled from Martha’s mouth.

The bloody name made the atmosphere even heavier.

“There were some cute fellows over here.”

“Ah…”

Madness shimmered from the Blood Raving Demon’s helmet. Martha and Runaan’s legs trembled, as if they were going to collapse at any time.

“Raon! What’s happening this ti…Ah!”

Burren and the trainees that followed them froze in surprise. Their bodies were frozen stiff from the Blood Raving Demon’s pressure.

“You are rather slow, despite using Zieghart's name.”

“Aah…”

“Pu…”

The Blood Raving Demon’s eyes sparkled yellow. Under the predator’s intense murderous intent, the trainees knelt down while grabbing their chests.

“Pull yourselves together!”

As the trainees were about to collapse, Raon’s clear voice pierced through the Blood Raving Demon’s fear.

Whir!

Raon’s clean energy spread out and the light returned to the trainees’ misty eyes.

“We will be annihilated if you keep sitting there like idiots! Burren! Command the trainees to prepare the villagers! Martha and Runaan, keep your distance and prepare for diversions!”

“Mhm.”

“Haa…”

“A-alright. I’ll return right after!”

Burren ran back while gritting his teeth. Runaan and Martha split to the sides while using their aura.

“Consider yourselves dead if you get hit by his fist. Never fight him head on, just assist me.”

Raon spoke quietly, without taking his eyes off the Blood Raving Demon.

Runaan and Martha nodded at once.

“Do you remember what Instructor Rimmer told us every time? We have to surpass our limits.”

Raon continued while gritting his teeth.

“Now is the time. We have to surpass the limits of both our bodies and minds.”

“Surpass your limits?”

The Blood Raving Demon grinned, then clenched his fist. The red combative energy burst up, distorting the air.

“I wonder if that’s enough.”

***

Whir!

Raon brandished his sword while relieving his tension by rotating the ‘Ring of Fire’.

‘It was a single strike.’

Despite having dodged the Blood Raving Demon’s fist, his skin still broke. It was truly an overwhelming power, an endless strength.

‘It would’ve been difficult even in my previous life…’

Assassination was a different story, but he couldn’t be sure whether he could’ve won against the monster even if he had his previous life’s body.

It really was a desperate situation, but he couldn’t just resign. He needed to find an opening somehow and cut his head off.

‘But…’

He couldn’t find it.

As if an endless cliff had become a human, he couldn’t find the slightest opening.

“You were acting as if you were going to attack at any time, but are you really going to?”

The Blood Raving Demon grinned, holding his chin up high.

“If you aren’t coming to me, then I’m going to you!”

He stomped the ground, crushing the earth. Raon’s sight was immediately filled with the Blood Raving Demon. It was a ridiculous speed.

Whoosh!

The Blood Raving Demon that approached him at a super speed thrust his fist. Raon slashed his sword towards the fist, the size of a boulder, aimed at his head.

‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation Ten Flames’.

‘Revolving Sky’.

The flaming sword slashed through the air, rushing at the Blood Raving Demon’s fist.

“That’s some nice firepower!”

Along with a delightful voice, the Blood Raving Demon turned his fist. Bright red combative energy appeared, clashing with the ‘Revolving Sky’.

Baam!

The snake of flame that surrounded the sword dissipated, pressed upon by the Blood Raving Demon’s aura.

“Hup!”

Raon’s eyes were distorted. The Blood Raving Demon’s fists were aimed at his heart after erasing his strike with the ‘Revolving Sky’.

“Kuaaaah!”

He twisted his sword while screaming. The Blood Raving Demon’s fist was deflected to the side, following the side of the sword.

Slam!

Along with a threatening destructive sound, the buildings on the right side collapsed at once.

“Huff!”

Raon stepped backward, catching his breath. Despite having deflected the attack, his shoulder was hurting as if it was dislocated.

‘I almost died there.’

A cold sweat flowed down his forehead.

If he hadn’t managed to read the trajectory of his fist using the ‘Ring of Fire’, his head would’ve burst like a tomato.

He looked aside.

Runaan and Martha were biting their lips, not knowing what to do.

‘Not yet.’

Raon conveyed his intention with his gaze. Now wasn’t the time to move, but to observe.

He needed to endure the Blood Raving Demon’s attacks as much as possible in order to show them his movements before they participated in the fight.

It was necessary in order to create a slight chance of victory, as small as ten percent—no, more like one percent.

Whir!

Raon created the fire of the Ten Flames once again. The flame starting from the sword’s extremity surrounded its edge.

“Great. It would be no fun if the flame was extinguished with a single punch!”

The Blood Raving Demon jumped like a bird, striking with his fist.

Using the sixth form of the ‘Star-Combining Sword’, Raon parried the fists falling down like meteorites.

Squeeze!

The red combative energy spreading from the Blood Raving Demon started to press on the Ten Flames once again.

“A powerful fire attribute aura. It’s strong enough that I understand why that stupid Green War Demon was defeated by you. However, that won’t work against me. Do you know the reason?”

The Blood Raving Demon smiled menacingly and thrust his fist.

“Of course I do.”

Dodging the fist with a paper-thin difference, Raon swung his sword.

“It’s your trait.”

“You are well aware of it. That’s right. Flame can’t cut through me.”

The Blood Raving Demon giggled, striking with his palm. Raon barely managed to dodge it, but blood gushed out from his chin at the wind pressure.

“Something like an aura of flame is meaningless against me, who has inherited the ogre’s strength!”

He was telling the truth.

An Ogre was a monster that was resistant to the fire attribute, capable of destroying a castle after getting hit by dozens of fire arrows.

However, the ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’ wasn’t the only weapon Raon had.

“Then I can just use something else.”

“What?”

A blue frost burst from Raon’s red eyes.

The ‘Coldness of the Frost’.

The blue light like an ocean filled the white blade he was holding.

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 77


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

As the ‘Coldness of the Frost’ spread out from Raon’s sword, the ground started to freeze up in pure white.

“Ice? Is that a water attribute?”

Panic appeared in the Blood Raving Demon’s yellow eyes.

“Using water attribute aura after using a ridiculously powerful fire attribute aura, what’s your identity?”

“Why do you want to know?”

Raon twisted his sword and slashed, shooting the frost gathered on his blade.

“Huh, you can even use the aura blade.”

The Blood Raving Demon thrust his fist while gasping in amazement. The boulder-like fist shattered the pure white aura blade.

Even though his full-power aura blade had been shattered, Raon’s eyes remained calm.

'Because the attack wasn’t the only effect of the frost.’

Along with a sound of freezing lake, pure white ice sprouted on the Blood Raving Demon’s hand.

“This is…”

The Blood Raving Demon frowned and glared at his freezing hand. It looked like he was trying to clench his fist and failing.

“Did you even reach the attribute’s enlightenment? You really know no bounds.”

“……”

Without letting down his guard, Raon shot another aura blade containing the ‘Coldness of the Frost’.

‘I can’t be careless.’

His head would be blown away in an instant if he let his guard down because his attack was somewhat effective.

He needed to consider his defense while attacking and change his position continuously with footwork.

“You bastard…”

Instead of throwing a punch like before, the Blood Raving Demon rotated his body and dodged the aura blade.

Clang!

Raon swung his sword, controlling as much ‘Coldness of the Frost’ as he could. The intense cold emanating from the blade filled the space.

Whir!

The ground froze and the atmosphere’s temperature decreased, gradually slowing down the Blood Raving Demon’s movements.

‘I’m glad I watched her before.’

Raon looked at Runaan, who was biting her lip. Thanks to having observed how she spread the frost before, he was able to use the aura of cold without much difficulty.

“Keuh…”

The Blood Raving Demon moved restlessly to avoid the frost covering the ground and the aura blade that Raon was shooting.

His fist, which used to be quick and powerful, was slowing down and weakening.

“Kuaaah! You little rat!”

The Blood Raving Demon screamed and thrust his fist.

Whoosh!

Raon turned his ankle to dodge the blow and slashed his sword once again. The frigid aura blade cut through the air.

“Keugh!”

The Blood Raving Demon stepped backwards in order to avoid the frost, groaning.

Raon’s dominance seemed to be apparent.

However, the tension didn’t disappear from Raon’s deep eyes. He kept swinging his sword with an even more intense pressure than at the start of the fight.

‘The chance hasn't come yet.’

***

“Huff! Huff!”

After preparing everyone, Burren returned to the village with ten trainees.

The village center was in ruins, as if it had been under a magical bombardment. He could see fire raging on one side, and the other side’s ground was completely frozen. It was truly a strange sight.

Slam!

He turned his head towards the thunderous noise coming from the left. Or rather, his head automatically turned before he even heard the sound.

Raon, whose sword was surrounded in a blue light, was crossing his sword with the Blood Raving Demon’s fist at a point-blank distance.

‘Aura blade? When did he reach Sword Expert…?’

Using an aura blade signified that he had reached the novice level of Sword Expert. The fact that he was a novice level Expert at the age of fifteen baffled him despite the situation.

‘No, wait! Raon’s aura is…’

Burren’s astonishment didn’t end with his aura blade. His eyes became so wide that they looked like they were going to pop out upon seeing the frost rising from Raon’s blade.

‘Frost!’

It was an aura of ice even more intense and sharp than Runaan’s. He gasped at the fact that he had been hiding such a thing so far.

‘To have an aura of frost and being an Expert… What exactly is the height you’ve reached?’

The continent’s warriors had divided might into different ranks.

They were levels that were used regardless of the weapon: sword, spear, bow, and fist alike. Anyone who began to use aura was allowed to be called a Beginner.

Beginner rank was separated into novice, intermediate, and advanced. Upon getting accustomed to their aura and becoming capable of imbuing their weapon with aura, one could become a User.

User rank also had the same levels: novice, intermediate and advanced. The next rank was the Expert level, which was when they became capable of discharging the aura from their weapon.

It was commonly referred to as the level where they could use the aura blade, and it was Raon’s current level.

The Blood Raving Demon was generally known to be at the highest level of Expert, or at the Master level.

And yet, Raon was pushing the Blood Raving Demon into a corner despite being at the novice level of the Expert rank, which was far lower than his opponent. Burren’s heart was filled with passion upon realizing that.

“Haa.”

Burren shivered.

‘Monster…’

Rather than the Blood Raving Demon, who was exploding the surroundings each time he thrust his fist, he was more frightened by Raon, who was facing him.

It wasn't simply because he was using two auras and had reached the Expert rank at such a young age.

Swordsmanship and footwork.

The fact that he was fighting the Blood Raving Demon while using basic swordsmanship and footwork that anyone could use was giving him goosebumps.

Whoosh!

Raon’s movements were swift. Like a flower petal riding a typhoon, he dodged the Blood Raving Demon’s fist by using the wind pressure preceding it.

That was only possible through a tremendous amount of effort, regardless of his skill or talent, and Raon was a monster of effort.

‘However…’

Raon’s attacks were sharp, but they couldn’t inflict any noticeable amount of damage to the Blood Raving Demon. All it could do was freeze his right arm in frost.

‘There’s a difference in power after all. Then… huh?’

Burren narrowed his eyes as he observed the battle between the two. Raon was glancing at him while swinging his sword.

‘That’s…’

Probably because they had been together for over three years, he could immediately notice the intentions behind Raon’s gaze.

‘He is asking me to help.’

Raon’s gaze was telling him to attack together with him through an opening he would create.

“Hmm…”

He looked around at the sides.

Martha and Runaan had also noticed his intentions, and were quickly operating their aura so that they could make their move whenever they wanted to.

‘That’s right. The Blood Raving Demon isn’t a big deal, since we are Ziegharts.’

He clenched his fist and gathered the aura from his energy center. He drew his sword while feeling the green wind surrounding him.

‘We are going to save this place!’

***

Burren focused on the fight between Raon and the Blood Raving Demon, his eyes wide.

Since the opportunity could come at any time, he kept controlling his aura while breathing steadily.

As his hand was about to be covered in sweat from watching the fight between the two monsters…

Raon’s sword hit the Blood Raving Demon’s left hand.

Crackle!

With the sound of icicles forming, the Blood Raving Demon’s hand froze.

“Do it now! Use everything you have!”

Burren had already started moving before Raon said it.

Thud!

He brandished his sword and kicked the ground to jump towards the Blood Raving Demon.

The same sound could be heard from the left and right. Runaan and Martha were running with him.

Whir!

From the swords that Burren, Runaan, and Martha were holding, their auras burst out like the sun erasing the night.

“You…”

The Blood Raving Demon was grinding his teeth, his frozen hands trembling in panic.

‘We can win!’

Looking at his panicked face, he became certain. He could win.

Whir!

As they were about to perform their most powerful attack against the Blood Raving Demon’s vital points…

“Ah…”

“Huh?”

Burren, Runaan, and Martha raised their heads at the atmosphere that suddenly became heavier. Their eyes widened at the same time.

The Blood Raving Demon’s eyes, which had been full of panic, had become ice cold.

Their hearts dropped upon seeing his completely composed eyes, despite still containing madness.

Creak!

The atmosphere was distorted by the Blood Raving Demon’s atrocious smile.

“I’ve been waiting for this, you insects.”

***

Crack!

The Blood Raving Demon thrust his aura-filled fist. The wind pressure accompanying the strike crushed the ground.

However, Raon thrust his sword while withstanding the pressure. He pierced the Blood Raving Demon’s shoulder with the icy blue sword.

“Keuh…”

The Blood Raving Demon ground his teeth, his gaze a blazing yellow.

However, there was no anger or frustration at the bottom of his heart. He was simply filled with interest and curiosity.

‘A genius that will be spoken of throughout the continent’s history, huh.’

Judging from his appearance and skin, he was only in his mid-teens. And yet, he could skillfully handle an aura blade and auras with both fire and water attributes.

He was a genius that could become the continent’s strongest one day.

‘However…’

That would only be possible if he could keep growing up as he was.

The Blood Raving Demon looked around. Excluding the monster named Raon, the three other children behind him also possessed extraordinary talent.

Slash!

Raon’s aura blade sliced his chest a little, but his heart didn’t waver in the slightest.

It was just a matter of course.

He hadn’t even used one-tenth of his power, despite how he looked on the outside.

Huff.

The Blood Raving Demon breathed out hot air from his helmet.

He could only smile. The anticipation of trampling over the young sprouts sent chills down his spine.

Clang!

Raon shot his aura blade with excellent timing.

“Keuh!”

The Blood Raving Demon waved his left hand to block the aura blade, pretending to be flustered despite being more than capable of dodging it.

Crackle!

The white frost spread and his hand started to freeze.

“Do it now! Use everything you have!”

At Raon’s command, Runaan, Burren, and Martha—who were gathering their power—rushed at the Blood Raving Demon together.

Whir!

Burren imbued his sword with wind, Martha was pouring out all the energy of Earth she had, and Runaan was spreading the frost like an icicle from her blade.

The three of them performed their most powerful attacks, using every single bit of aura they had.

Whir!

Raon ran straight towards the Blood Raving Demon, swinging his sword burning in blue.

“Kyaha!”

The Blood Raving Demon laughed at that instant. It was the instant where his prey was perfectly caught in his net.

Baam!

The entirety of the ogre helmet shone in yellow. A tremendous amount of energy burst out, breaking through the white ice confining his hand.

“I’ve been waiting for this. You insects.”

The moment the Zieghart’s younglings used his opening to attack him with everything they had was the perfect time to sink them into the depths of despair.

Rumble!

The yellow light that formed on the Blood Raving Demon’s hands exploded. The materialized aura perfectly covering his huge hands was…

Astral Energy.

A Master’s proof, the astral energy was burning in his hand like hellfire.

“Ah…”

“Damn it!”

“A-astral energy!”

Facing the astral energy, which was pressuring the space itself, it was impossible to defend against it without using astral energy in return.

The color on Runaan, Martha, and Burren’s faces turned from hope to despair.

“This is the end!”

