The Blood Raving Demon burst out in laughter, full of excitement, and thrust his fist. Astral energy the size of a boulder was falling down on them, and the children’s eyes were filled with darkness.

‘How about you?’

He glanced at the blond-haired boy in order to enjoy his despairing eyes for the last time.

However.

“Huh?”

The Blood Raving Demon’s eyes widened. He couldn’t see neither despair nor hope in Raon’s eyes.

Serene eyes. They were simply filled with murderous intent, intent to slay his enemy.

Roar!

A tremendous amount of murderous intent covered Raon’s blade.

“You aren’t the only one who’s been waiting for this.”

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 78


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

He was already aware of it.

He knew the Blood Raving Demon had already reached the master level, that he was strong against fire attributes, and that he had a dirty personality—one that enjoyed playing with his prey before killing it.

Since he was already aware of all of that, he had decided to use his trap to his advantage.

It was the only way to win—or rather, to survive.

Whir!

The moment the Blood Raving Demon showed his true nature, the weight of the atmosphere became different.

It was a feeling of a lump of steel pressing upon his entire body. Raon grit his teeth and brought up every ounce of murderous intent that the assassin Raon possessed.

Clang!

The moment his murderous intent started competing with the madness, Burren, Runaan, and Martha—who were at a lower level—were bounced out.

That was also according to plan.

However, the most important thing still remained.

After making them escape the Blood Raving Demon’s astral energy, he twisted his body so suddenly that his waist seemed to snap.

Slaaam!

A huge fist, surrounded by astral energy, grazed his left shoulder.

Crack!

It wasn’t a direct hit. Even though it had only brushed past him, the bone on his left arm was crushed.

“Kueh!”

Raon grit his teeth to the breaking point. He endured the pain with a superhuman perseverance and brandished his sword with his right arm.

Whir!

He gathered all his energy and murderous intent at the end of his sword.

“You bastard!”

He thrust the blade of frost towards the Blood Raving Demon’s heart as the man glared at him in surprise.

‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation Ultimate Point’.

The principles of the ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’ flowed out through the ‘Coldness of the Frost’. The silver blade was dyed in blue, as if the ice dragon strolling in the sky dwelled within it.

Creak!

The sound of the blue blade piercing the ogre’s armor resounded in his ears.

“Ugh…”

However, Raon’s eyes didn’t grow any brighter. They only got darker, like the glow of the setting sun.

“Damn it…”

Because the ultimate technique that would even pierce the steel was unable to penetrate any further, blocked by the leather.

“Haa… Amazing.”

The Blood Raving Demon coughed out his admiration, a sword piercing his chest.

“I never expected you to use my trap instead. I really almost died right there. However…”

The blue sword piercing his chest shattered with a clank.

“Keuh!”

Raon was sent flying, coughing up blood.

“You were too weak. The difference in power between us isn’t something you can make up for with that kind of surprise attack.”

The blade thrust into the Blood Raving Demon’s chest came out like a pebble stuck in the mud.

‘His muscles stopped it…’

Raon bit his blood-stained lip. The Blood Raving Demon had stopped his attack by enhancing his skin and muscles.

It was a method befitting a monster that had reached the level of a master, one that could control his entire body as he wanted.

“Gasp!”

Raon stepped backwards and looked at Burren, Runaan, Martha, and the other remaining trainees.

“Th-the plan is over. Run, everyone!”

“R-Raon?”

“Hey, you…”

“We can’t win.”

There was no way they could win, no matter what they did in their current state. Since the plan had failed, the fight was over. All that was left to do was run away.

“I command you as the top trainee. Run away with the villagers! The house’s reinforcement that Krein requested is coming. Run to the west!”

“Raon.”

“I-I’ll also…”

“Burren Zieghart!”

Raon shouted Burren’s name, who was about to stand up with trembling lips.

“Is dying in vain right here the Zieghart’s way you told me about before? If that’s the case, then fight alongside me here. If not, then do what you must!”

“I-I…”

Burren bit his lip. The consideration was long, but the decision was short.

“We’re retreating. Everyone, back off! Focus on running away!”

He ended up tearing his lip, turning around to run towards the village. The trainees shed tears and ran away, following Burren.

“Ah…”

Raon, who was coughing up blood while grabbing his arm, was reflected in Runaan’s purple eyes.

“Aaaaaaaah!”

As she was about to dash at the Blood Raving Demon while screaming, Martha struck her neck.

With a thud, Runaan lost consciousness and fell on the ground.

“……”

Martha carried her on her back and looked at Raon. She was asking him if there really was no way.

Thud!

As soon as Raon nodded, she turned around and ran in the direction Burren went.

“…Thank you.”

Raon smiled faintly. He was glad they were able to understand.

Wham!

The Blood Raving Demon pulled the sword stuck on his chest out completely. Blood was flowing out, but it soon stopped and the wound started to close. It was the effect of ogre’s stamina and regeneration.

‘Damn it.’

Raon bit his lip. The Bleeding Curse was in effect, but it was completely pointless in that situation. Ten percent was far from enough to allow him to win as he wouldn’t be able to win with a 50% weakening effect.

“Do you think those insects can run away?”

The Blood Raving Demon crushed the sword in his hand like a biscuit.

“I’ve unleashed ogres in the area. They are going to be eaten alive soon enough. No, before that…”

The Blood Raving Demon giggled and looked down at Raon.

“Do you think you can hold on? With that arm and that stamina?”

“…”

Raon didn’t respond. He wasn’t looking at the Blood Raving Demon. He was looking at Wrath, who was in his arm.

‘Wrath.’

It’s finally the King of Essence’s turn.

Wrath squirmed up like smoke. His pressure alone was far past the Blood Raving Demon, who was at the level of Master.

Just like I said before, you can’t win against him with your current strength. Give me your body. I’ll freeze up this entire space, including him.

‘Haa… you are always so delusional.’

What?

‘It’s a trade.’

Raon’s eyes shone as he coughed up blood.

What do you mean, trade?

‘You mentioned before that I could make trades with your wrath. I’m going to accept your wrath, so return my body and aura to a normal state.’

You…

Blue coldness burst from Wrath like a flame pillar.

You idiot! You’ll never be able to beat him at your current strength, even if you were reborn! You won’t be able to win just from recovering your wounds!

‘That’s my business. Do you accept or not?’

Keuh…

Facing Raon’s determination, Wrath ground his teeth, delaying his answer.

…Fine. I’ll give you 10 points of wrath and recover your body perfectly. However, you aren’t going to achieve anything with it.

‘Shut up and give it to me already.’

Hmph!

After Wrath’s snorting sound, his coldness was absorbed into Raon’s body.

“Huff!”

He grit his teeth, feeling the pain of his skin getting ripped apart by the coldness.

Creak!

The broken arm and ribs were fixed on their own. Raon’s lips trembled at a pain worse than when they broke.

“Huu…”

Tears dripped from his eyes before he knew it. It was one of the worst pains he had experienced in both his previous and current lives combined.

“What are you?”

The Blood Raving Demon stood still, eyes widening upon witnessing his arm restoring itself.

“Huff…”

Raon gasped for breath. Even the aura filling up his empty energy center felt painful.

However, the true pain didn’t end there.

His lungs shrunk like dry wood and his heart tightened. Every single one of his cells felt like they were being stabbed by a needle.

“Uaaa…”

The pain was one thing, but he felt like his body was being dislocated from his soul. It was the feeling of something sticky and evil pervading his body.

‘Still…’

His recovery was perfect. He was mentally exhausted, but his body and aura had recovered into a state better than normal.

“I don’t understand it.”

The Blood Raving Demon rolled his curious yellow eyes.

“I doubt you drank an ogre or a troll’s blood. How are you able to regenerate so quickly? It’s irrational…”

“You won’t understand it.”

How painful it was.

“Haa…”

Breathing our hot air, he took another trainee’s sword from the ground.

‘Wrath.’

What is it, you arrogant brat.

‘Since I might die, let’s make a bet.’

Bet?

‘Yes. I’m going to bet that he is going to die.’

You are spouting nonsense once again.

‘Why, are you afraid?’

Fine! Bring it on! The King of Essence is going to bet you are going to hand over your body.

After hearing Wrath’s response, Raon pointed his sword at the Blood Raving Demon.

“Come at me. I’ll play with you until the sun rises.”

***

“Huff! Huff!”

Martha ran after Burren and the other trainees, carrying Runaan on her back.

Since everyone was running as fast as they could, they quickly managed to catch up to the other trainees and the villagers.

“Wh-what happened?”

“Are we going to be okay?”

The villagers were walking and running quickly to their standards, but they were way too slow in Martha’s eyes.

It was something that couldn’t be helped, but she became irritated.

“Damn it, damn…”

Burren’s fist trembled and his eyes shook. He just kept walking blankly, without looking ahead or around.

“Ugh…”

“Sir Raon…”

“Argh!”

It wasn’t just him. The other trainees’ eyes had also lost focus, as if their souls were drained away.

“That guy…”

When small swear words and breathing sounds were the only things that could be heard, Martha silently started speaking.

“He stood alone in front of that huge monster in order to protect us and those people.”

Hearing her voice, filled with desperation and anger, everyone looked back at her.

“He is still stopping him, despite his broken arm and crushed ribs. But what are you doing right now?”

“What?”

“After not having done anything there, are you planning to die like idiots here without doing anything once again?”

“That’s not true, Sir Burren is also suff…”

“No!”

Burren stopped the collateral that was standing in front of Martha.

“She is correct. We have no time to be like this. The first group, watch the front! The second and the third group, watch the left and right side respectively. Control your aura at all times and stay ready to act!”

Hearing his quick commands, the trainees that were standing blankly started moving to their posts.

“Martha, since you have the best perception among us, you are in charge of the back. Give Runaan to us.”

“Hmm.”

Martha frowned but nodded and handed over the unconscious Runaan to the collateral trainees.

“We are going to increase our speed! Since the house’s reinforcement must be coming, as quickly as possible…”

“Wait.”

Martha stopped Burren from speaking, turning her head towards the dense forest on the right side. Burren and the others also followed her gaze in a daze.

Swoosh!

It sounded like a strong wind rustling through the forest. It was a sound of wind that could’ve been overlooked, but Martha broke out in a cold sweat and drew her sword.

“E-everyone retreat! Run away, right no…”

Before she could finish her sentence, the forest collapsed and a green monster over four meters tall appeared.

Ogre.

The brutal monster called the tyrant of the mountain stood with shining red eyes.

“Ah…”

Martha swallowed.

‘I didn’t think about it.’

The Blood Raving Demon was a monster possessing an ogre’s strength, capable of controlling ogres. It was only natural that ogres existed in that place.

‘W-we can’t win…’

Maybe they could have if they were at their perfect state, but it was impossible to kill the ogre even if everyone fought together the way they were right now. They were really going to be annihilated at that rate.

Ogre roared and hammered down his huge fist.

“Haaap!”

“Haa!”

Martha and Burren jumped at it, swinging their aura-filled swords.

“Krr!”

The ogre withdrew slightly, noticing the aura in their swords.

Whoosh!

Once their strength ran out after slashing the air, the ogre ran back to them and thrust its fist.

Slam!

Powerful energy exploded, and Martha and Burren got pushed back, unable to keep their balance.

“Keuh…”

“Ugh!”

They stood back up while staggering, but they were already weakened significantly.

“D-damn it…”

Martha bit her lip. The ogre had an even more monstrous hunting instinct, to be able to withdraw its body at that instant.

“Krr.”

The ogre was approaching them, a small amount of blood flowing down its hand. Its mouth was outright laughing at them.

“You guys leave first! I’ll follow you after killing this one with Martha!”

Burren shouted, grabbing his trembling right wrist with his left hand. His turn had come.

“S-Sir Burren!”

“Quickly!”

“Ugh…”

Dorian grit his teeth and turned around. However, another sound was heard before he started moving.

Slam!

Along with a thunderous noise crushing the ground, an enormous shadow appeared from the left side.

A second ogre blocked the trainees’ path.

“Ah…”

Martha’s eyes wavered violently.

‘This was why.’

That was the reason the Blood Raving Demon was smiling despite them running away. He had already released the ogres in the area.

“E-everything’s over.”

The atmosphere became even more quiet, following somebody’s despair-filled voice.

“Krrr!”

“Kwaaa!”

The only sounds that could be heard now were the ogre’s hungry roar and the human’s scared groans.

“Don’t back down.”

Burren brandished his sword, wiping the blood flowing from his mouth.

“Raon is also still fighting! If we die here, we will be too ashamed to face the one that is still fighting the Blood Raving Demon on his own!”

He screamed and drew out his aura. The blue wind raged, strengthened by his determination.

“You’re talking sense for once.”

Martha chuckled and nodded, surrounding her sword with Titan’s aura.

“I have to go help Raon.”

Runaan—who had woken up—brandished her sword, radiating silver frost.

It was a desperate situation, yet darkness couldn’t be found in three people’s eyes.

“Krr!”

“Kwaaa!”

It seemed the two ogres didn’t like such expressions on their prey, as they roared and kicked the ground.

The moment the three swordsmen and two monsters clashed against each other.

Whoosh!

Green wind raged from the center of the forest.

***

***

Slam!

The yellow aura pressed and burst the blue and red aura.

Whoosh!

Raon was sent back flying through the jet-black smoke.

Creak!

He barely managed to stop after sticking his sword in the ground.

“Haak!”

Raon’s chin trembled, vomiting out the black, dead blood. His repaired left arm was crushed once again, and his side was ripped apart.

He could hardly breathe because of the pain filling his entire body.

“You are like a leech.”

The Blood Raving Demon approached him, while warming up his solid finger. His increasingly powerful energy wave was bursting Raon’s skin.

Baam!

He crushed the ground and leaped at him like a cannonball.

“Huff!”

Raon kicked the ground and rotated his body.

Tick!

After dodging the Blood Raving Demon’s fist with a paper-thin difference, he stepped back.

“Tsk.”

He clicked his tongue. His broken and swaying left arm was bothering him. If it accidentally got caught, he could be killed right after.

‘Shall I cut it off?

’

He considered cutting off his left arm, since that would allow him to hold on for a little bit longer.

“But…”

‘Why am I doing this here?’

‘My arm has been shattered twice, my side got ripped apart, and my muscles and skin are screaming.’

‘I don’t understand why I’m fighting against that monster, enduring pain that I didn’t even experience in my previous life.’

Various memories passed by his mind, from the moment of his birth until now.

‘I remembered the words of the person I spent the longest time with, the one I felt the most uncomfortable with, and the one I wanted to apologize to the most.’

[I want Raon to become like those ancient swordsmen of Zieghart.]

Right. Those was the words

‘Those words from Sylvia are binding me here.’

‘If this were my previous life, I would’ve run away already.’

‘I would’ve run away from the monster, even if that meant using Burren, Runaan, Martha, and the trainees—even the villagers—as bait.’

‘But what Sylvia said…’

‘The memories of the trainees that spent time with me are binding me to this place.’

‘Runaan looks cold and blank, but she’s nicer than anyone. She’s a girl that has endured pain by herself in order to save her family from a psychopathic brother.’

‘Burren was a rude guy, but he changed quickly like a good child and has started running towards his goal.’

‘Martha is rough, but she has a strong willpower and unwavering conviction. I’m not certain, but she seems to miss her birth mother.’

‘The other trainees also changed gradually, despite the beginning. It would be a lie if I said I wasn’t attached to them.’

‘Everything changed a lot.’

‘The way they look at me has changed a lot, and the way I look at them has also changed.’

‘That’s why I decided to stay.’

‘Just like Sylvia had said, I wanted to save those that are growing up as Zieghart swordsmen.’

‘It’s different from when I used to participate in dozens of battlefields, killing hundreds of lives in my previous life.’

‘I’m currently fighting against this monster of my own volition.’

“Ha!”

He burst into laughter.

He felt strange, wielding his sword in order to save people instead of killing them.

“Are you laughing in this situation? You aren’t normal, either.”

“I know, right? I didn’t think I would be like this.”

Raon nodded. As he was standing in that posture, Wrath—who had been watching him—silently came up with a distorted conclusion.

I finally understand it.

‘What?’

You are planning to give your body to the King of Essence.

‘……’

You are just buying time right now until those young ones escape the King of Essence’s range.

‘So, you finally noticed.’

Such arrogance from a madman!

Wrath’s flame shot up like a star in the night sky. The wrath was more intense than it ever had been.

Raon Zieghart. There’s a limit in how much you can underestimate the King of Essence. Do you truly believe you can regain the control of your body in the short time between I kill him and find your allies?

‘I’m not certain. It’s just a gamble.’

Raon shook his head.

‘Since that’s the only way.’

There was no way he could win against the Blood Raving Demon currently, and reinforcements were going to take at least a few hours.

The only way to survive and save everyone was to hand over his body to Wrath to kill him, then regain the body before he reached the trainees.

You’ve already accepted the King of Essence’s wrath. It will be different from before.

‘But I still have to try.’

He couldn’t die in vain like that, with his archenemy still alive.

Stop your mistakes. You are currently exhausted both mentally and physically. Your emotions are also agitated. I’ll let you experience it.

Wrath ground his teeth and stuck on Raon’s body.

“Kuaaah!”

Raon screamed, unable to withstand it. The pain was at a different level from before, dying his skin in black.

“Wh-what…”

That’s your current state. You might be able to stop the King of Essence’s possession, but you will never be able to come back once you hand over your body by yourself.

“Huff…”

Raon trembled. Wrath was correct, he wasn’t confident he could endure the pain and shock just now.

‘Then how…’

“It looks like you finally have a problem. Ah! I got a great idea.”

The Blood Raving Demon spun his bulky finger.

“I should kill your allies before killing you. What kind of face are you going to make if I pluck off their heads, one by one?”

He turned around while giggling. His thigh puffed up, as he was about to split the ground and run off.

‘No.’

The trainees wouldn’t withstand a single strike from the Blood Raving Demon. It would be a massacre. Holding out so far would become meaningless then.

That was one thing he couldn’t allow.

“Stop.”

Raon brandished his broken sword. He grit his teeth and straightened his spine. Using the ‘Ring of Fire’ and ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’ to the extreme, he increased his prowess.

“Look at me.”

He pointed his broken sword at the Blood Raving Demon. His hand was trembling, but the tip of his sword wasn’t wavering.

“My name is Raon Zieghart. I’m the Destructive King of the North, Glenn Zieghart’s, grandson—and the swordsman that will become the continent’s strongest one day.”

It didn’t matter whether Glenn acknowledged him or not. It was fine even if the others didn’t accept him as one of their own.

“I’m still alive. You won’t leave this place until my heart stops beating! O, =mad demon of Eden!”

His prowess and aura, which were completely exhausted, ignited once again and surrounded his blade.

“Hah!”

The Blood Raving Demon’s yellow eyes reflected his admiration.

“Such spirit at that age! Excellent isn’t a sufficient word to describe it. Fine, I shall pay respect befitting to a true warrior.”

His energy soared up explosively. He turned the muscle he had amplified in order to run.

“Haaa!”

He managed to turn his attention back to him, but there was nothing more he could do.

‘What shall I do?’

He would die to the Blood Raving Demon if he didn’t give his body to Wrath.

If he gave his body to Wrath, the trainees were going to die, and he was probably going to be unable to recover his body for eternity.

‘Damn it!’

Misfortunes on top of misfortunes. There was no solution.

The Blood Raving Demon was right under his nose. His leg wouldn’t move after exhausting his strength to increase his prowess and aura.

“I’ll remember your name, Raon Zieghart.”

Raon was unable to decide until the moment he was about to strike with his boulder-like fist.

‘Still!’

‘I can’t die like this. I still have something to do!’

‘Wrath, I’ll give my body to …’

You’ve finally decided. It’s time to say goodbye.

Wrath’s voice was filled with anticipation and a small, unknown emotion.

‘Yo…’

In the middle of talking, Raon widened. The kind and refreshing fragrance of the wind, one that he had scented countless times after he turned twelve years old, brushed past his nose.

What are you doing?! Make up your mind already!

‘I’m not giving it to you.’

Damn it! Why now, of all times!

He lowered his sword as he heard Wrath’s scream. He even closed his eyes.

“Die!”

The Blood Raving Demon struck with his fist. Raon’s skin burst from the wind pressure, but he didn’t open his eyes.

Whoosh.

There was no pain. He opened his eyes, hearing the sound of a small wind gently touching a flower petal.

He could see long red hair fluttering in the wind and a broad back, surrounded by green wind.

The thin sword he was holding was perfectly defending against the Blood Raving Demon’s fist.

“You’re late.”

Raon wrinkled his mouth, looking at the man in front of him.

“I’m sorry. I overslept a little.”

The red-haired swordsman, Rimmer, turned around. He smiled with a face covered in someone’s blood.

“Leave the rest to me.”

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 79


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Rimmer arrived in the vicinity of Cebu villages before the trainees, despite having departed late.

He obviously noticed that Eden’s hunting dogs were occupying Cebu Mountain, and he had things to consider while watching them.

Whether he should get rid of the potential danger, or just keep watching them for the children’s growth.

‘Shall I try trusting Raon?’

If Raon didn’t exist, he would’ve killed all of the Eden members without further delay.

After all, they were true lunatics, ones that devoted their lives to their goal.

However, Raon was the type of genius that didn’t even know his own limits.

He had a feeling that Raon and the trainees could reach another level through this mission.

‘I should keep watching.’

As an instructor, leaving the path that could make the students stronger open was the right thing to do.

Rimmer tailed the trainees that were heading to the village, paying attention so that he could move whenever he needed to.

And Eden's scout, the Red Eye Demon, was also trailing them.

‘I don’t think they’ll notice him.’

The Red Eye Demon was observing them from far away, just in case.

There were some slight signs, but it wasn’t something the children should have noticed.

However…

Raon handed over command right to Burren as if he noticed something, observing their surroundings by spreading out an unnoticeable aura.

‘That guy is seriously…’

He was more surprised than ever.

Aura perception was the ability to grasp surrounding presences using aura, and Raon’s aura perception was extremely developed—to a point it could be called mysterious.

‘A hexagon.’

Martial arts, aura, stamina, willpower, and aura perception. Raon was a gemstone that had all the talents required for a swordsman.

Rimmer calmed his excitement and watched Eden’s movement.

Despite his expectations, Eden didn’t attack the trainees. Instead, they threw some monsters at them so they could gain some accomplishments and leave.

‘They are hiding something.’

It didn’t seem like they feared the instructor protecting the children. Instead, they seemed to be aiming for something in the area, and they were avoiding attacking the children because of that.

They were afraid of Zieghart reinforcements.

It seemed he needed to thoroughly search the area after the children left.

Raon didn’t make his move, despite having noticed somebody was observing them. He left the village after accepting the villagers’ thanks as one of the normal trainees that killed the monsters.

‘Hmm…’

Was he retreating?

That wasn’t a bad choice.

Deciding to retreat after noticing the difference between themselves and the enemies was a wise move for a warrior.

However, Raon’s actions after that completely differed from Rimmer’s expectation.

As soon as the Red Eye Demon left them, Raon revealed the truth to everyone and immediately requested reinforcement from the branch office.

After returning to Cebu village, he even guessed that the opponents were Eden after witnessing the monsters attacking the village.

Rimmer was amazed upon hearing that.

Raon had reached the conclusion that they were Eden, basing his judgment on the observer and the fact that they were using monsters. Raon’s brain was extraordinary, on top of everything else.

Raon decided to wait, and Burren and Runaan drew their swords and dashed at the monsters in order to save the village.

‘That’s what children would do.’

The children that were running in order to save people looked like heroes, true Zieghart swordsmen.

Without losing to the green demons attacking them, they fought to protect the village.

However.

They weren’t the ones that caught Rimmer’s attention. Raon was.

He started hiding his presence as soon as he noticed that an enemy was hiding, and he didn’t reveal himself until the end.

That wasn't the kind of patience that a fifteen-year-old could show.

He didn’t look like a swordsman fighting on the frontlines. He looked like a king, looking down on everyone from his throne.

‘The qualities of a king.’

Just as he had felt before, Raon Zieghart possessed the qualities of a king.

The fight between the green demon and the children was fierce, and the trainees emerged victorious with Martha’s surprise attack at Raon’s command.

However, the situation was reversed with the Green War Demon’s emergence from his hiding spot deep inside the forest.

Unable to withstand a single strike from the Green War Demon, the trainees collapsed while coughing up blood.

It was only natural.

After all, the Green War Demon was a powerful opponent—one at the Expert’s level.

Rimmer drew his sword and remained on standby near the children in order to help whenever he needed to.

‘Is he still not making his move?’

Raon didn’t appear despite Burren, Runaan, and Martha being on the brink of death.

‘It can’t be helped.’

The moment Rimmer decided to act, about to stop the Green War Demon, Raon made his move.

With a precise movement, he approached the Green War Demon as stealthily as a shadow to avoid being noticed, swinging his sword at his neck.

‘Hah…’

Rimmer smirked. He didn’t manage to cut off his head, but the strike that sliced the Green War Demon’s arm was a polished killing technique.

The Green War Demon kept his advantage in the fight with his powerful combative energy despite having lost his arm, but he ended up dying to Raon’s sword—one that reached a whole new level.

‘Hahahaha!’

Rimmer burst into laughter, unable to hold it back. He was really a monster. Raon Zieghart had the qualities needed to become the strongest swordsman and the supreme ruler of the continent.

He needed to protect him and raise him properly at all costs.

‘He is really limitless.’

He laughed and stood up. It was time to do his job.

Rimmer got rid of all the Red Eye Demons running away from Cebu Mountain after the Green War Demon’s death. He needed to prevent the information from spreading.

He returned after thoroughly checking Cebu village and Cebu Mountain, making sure there was no danger left.

Raon had woken up after fainting, and he had grown one level higher thanks to the enlightenment he had obtained during combat. He could probably even use aura blade.

‘He might even notice me at that point.’

Rimmer went a bit further, since he felt like Raon might notice his sloppy concealment.

‘Maybe I should return.’

Since the reinforcements Krein called would arrive in the morning, and there was no more danger left, returning seemed to be a good option.

Actually, he wanted to tell Glenn about Raon’s exploits more than anything.

‘Well, then…’

Rimmer returned to the house after checking on the children. As he was headed to Zieghart with light footsteps, a powerful energy exploded from Cebu village.

‘This energy…’

It was an energy he had felt before, and the intensity of the energy wave suggested it was at the level of a Master.

***

***

‘Damn it!’

Rimmer ran towards the village at full power. It was a tremendous speed, but he felt like he was as slow as a larva.

His chest tightened each time he heard the explosive sounds coming from the village.

Runaan, Burren, and Martha came into view as he was running.

Noticing two ogres attacking them, he drew his sword.

Slice!

Using the wind sword, he cut apart the two ogres at once.

Rimmer asked for Raon’s location with his eyes before their heads fell on the ground.

She didn’t usually show much emotion, but her eyes were filled with too much.

Rimmer grit his teeth and ran into the village.

Green demons and monsters attacked him on his way, but he killed them all and made his way to the center.

And he couldn’t suppress his astonishment.

Raon withstood the attacks of Eden’s monster, the Blood Raving Demon, until the end with such a small and young body.

His left arm was broken and dangling, his side was scooped out, and he was dragging his leg—but he was still holding his sword.

It was an impressive sight, worthy of admiration.

At that very moment, Rimmer was certain.

He would follow the boy, no—the young king—for the rest of his life and guard him.

Whoosh!

The sword of his new loyalty blocked the Blood Raving Demon’s fist.

“You’re late.”

Raon smiled, as if he already knew he was coming.

“I’m sorry. I overslept a little.”

Rimmer responded casually.

“Leave the rest to me.”

After saying that, Rimmer pushed back the Blood Raving Demon’s fist.

Wham!

The sight of a boulder-like fist being pushed back by a thin sword was a spectacle to behold.

“Zieghart’s Sword of Light!”

“It’s been a while, Baldy.”

Despite facing the Blood Raving Demon’s brutal astral energy, Rimmer didn’t stop smiling. Instead, he waved as if he had met a friend for the first time in a long time.

“How are you here?”

“I can’t let a Baldy like you trample over the cute sprouts.”

“Zieghart’s gotten a lot softer, sending someone like you to accompany the mission!”

The Blood Raving Demon threw his punches left and right, surrounded by red astral energy. A terrifying amount of astral energy rained down on Rimmer.

“Haap!”

Rimmer sword, imbued with green aura, slashed diagonally. The astral energy was deflected to the right, like water following a drain.

“You barely deflected that level of astral energy. It seems the rumors about your energy center breaking, rendering you disabled, were true.”

“That’s a false rumor. Change your intelligence source already, you and your helmet squad are still late on the updates.”

“Your balance is broken, no matter how you look at it.”

The Blood Raving Demon grinned. It was just an expression of his emotion, but it felt like the whole atmosphere was trembling.

“What should we do? You thought he came to your rescue, but he is just a puppy who will get eaten alongside you.”

He laughed at Raon, who was barely standing behind Rimmer.

“Whether I’m a puppy or a Cerberus that guards hell, we shall find out!”

Rimmer struck upward with his sword from the right, creating a powerful wind and cutting through the Blood Raving Demon’s shoulder.

Pssh!

The Blood Raving Demon’s shoulder started bleeding, but the wound closed instantly—as if time reversed itself.

“Your sword used to be extremely vicious. However, that’s not the case anymore.”

The Blood Raving Demon kicked the ground, piercing through Rimmer’s wall of wind.

“You’ve become weak. Your sword can’t cut through me!”

He slammed his fist down while saying that.

Clang!

Unable to take that attack head on, Rimmer spun his sword. The green aura spinning like a windmill became a thick shield, but it couldn’t withstand the Blood Raving Demon’s astral energy.

Shatter!

The green aura broke apart, and the Blood Raving Demon’s fist slammed down.

However, Rimmer wasn’t there anymore. After throwing the aura shield as a bait, he pierced into the Blood Raving Demon’s left side and swung his sword.

Slam!

Rimmer’s precise strike was aimed at the Blood Raving Demon’s heart from the bottom.

“That’s not enough!”

The Blood Raving Demon roared and crouched, stopping Rimmer’s sword as it was piercing into his ribs.

“I became even stronger while you were getting weaker. The difference in power has been completely reversed!”

“Tsk!”

Rimmer clicked his tongue and pulled out his sword. Since his sword might break if left alone, it was the right thing to do.

“Kuhahaha!”

The Blood Raving Demon roared and swung his fist. The ground screamed at the even more powerful strikes.

“How unsophisticated.”

Unable to face the attacks head on, Rimmer dodged them through footwork.

‘That’s…’

Instead of the Blood Raving Demon’s violent strikes, Raon focused on Rimmer’s footwork.

‘He looks like a leaf riding the wind.’

Rimmer was moving as lightly as a flower petal riding the wind, dodging all the Blood Raving Demon’s punches.

It looked like the completion of his movement that he had used when he fought against the Blood Raving Demon.

Also, the timing of the slashes that he was mixing in between were perfect.

If Rimmer had imbued his sword with astral energy, the fight would’ve been over already.

‘However…’

Even though his attacks weren’t effective, Rimmer looked like he had plenty of room to spare. He kept fighting the Blood Raving Demon at a point-blank distance, as if he were showing it to him.

‘Wait, is he really?’

Raon’s eyes widened. He understood Rimmer’s intention from the movement of his eyes.

‘He is showing it to me.’

He was giving him a combat lesson at that very moment. He must’ve been out of his mind.

“Can’t you even catch me in my weakened state? Are you sure you aren’t going to lose that helmet?”

“Shut up!”

The Blood Raving Demon thrust his fist, gaze full of madness. Facing a tremendous amount of energy, Rimmer stepped back instead of rashly confronting it.

Slam!

A single strike collapsed the village and gouged the ground. The power behind it made him look like a legendary giant.

“Fight me properly, Zieghart’s Sword of Light!”

The Blood Raving Demon instinctively chased Rimmer, letting anger control his body.

Slaam!

It was a simple movement, but his impressive strength and speed allowed him to close the distance between them.

“Tsk. I have no choice.”

Rimmer halted his movement and glanced back. He smiled upon seeing Raon.

“Since the teaching material has gone out of control, let’s finish today’s lesson here.”

“You crazy bastard!”

“Watch closely, Raon.”

Rimmer continued before Raon could even respond.

“This is the way Zieghart fights, and the level you will have to reach.”

Rimmer’s sword pierced the sky, and his left hand pointed at the ground.

“Sword Field Creation.”

His voice sounded like it was resounding from heavens and surging up from the underworld at the same time.

“Eye of the Storm.”

The voice resounded like a mantra, changing the world.

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 80


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Eye of the Storm was the calm region at the center of a storm.

It was a calm and peaceful place, where nothing happened despite the wind blowing violently in the surroundings.

And that was the situation unfolding in front of Raon’s eyes.

Both the Blood Raving Demon’s violent madness and combative energy and Rimmer’s dark green aura were pushed into the surroundings.

A completely windless space.

No, it wasn’t just the wind. It was completely silent, as if air had stopped flowing, and his entire body felt as heavy as if a lump of steel was settled on his shoulders.

The Blood Raving Demon seemed confused, standing still with his eyes and mouth wide open. He wasn’t able to move his body freely, either.

Whir!

A clear flow protruded into that silent space.

It was Rimmer’s sword. Dark green wind was gathering on his empty sword, devoid of aura.

Thud!

Rimmer stomped the ground. His body shot up like an arrow, crushing the ground.

The Blood Raving Demon thrust his fist in panic, but Rimmer rode the wind to pierce into him even deeper.

And a single slash…

The sword containing the wind itself fell vertically.

Slice!

The Blood Raving Demon’s right hand was harder than steel, yet it was easily cut off. It fell onto the pitch-black ground.

However, the Blood Raving Demon was a warrior at a Master’s level. Losing his arm wasn’t enough to make him fall.

He immediately stopped the bleeding of his right arm and stepped back. His movement was as swift and flexible as a tiger.

Rimmer turned his sword to follow the Blood Raving Demon, as if he were already expecting it.

The Blood Raving Demon tried escaping from Rimmer’s Eye of the Storm, but the space was moving along with Rimmer.

Upon realizing he couldn’t escape, the Blood Raving Demon came to a halt. Lowering his posture, he focused all his remaining energy in his left fist.

Whir!

The space was vibrating. Red astral energy appeared as a stream, creating a tidal wave.

Rimmer faced the tidal wave of astral energy covering the ground, holding a single thin sword.

Whoosh!

The Eye of the Storm grew bigger in size, and the wind surrounding Rimmer’s sword grew lighter in color.

Rimmer swung his sword, the blade surrounded by the storm.

Crack!

With a cliff-splitting sound, the dark green wind cut through the red tidal wave.

Whoosh!

An intense light burst out at that moment.

‘Keuh!’

Even Raon closed his eyes for a moment, unable to withstand the light.

‘Is it over?’

When he opened his eyes, the Eye of the Storm had disappeared, and the world had returned to normal.

“……”

The Blood Raving Demon and Rimmer were facing each other, about five steps apart.

“You cut our strength of body and aura in half and incorporated all the wind around that windless space in your sword.”

The Blood Raving Demon’s voice was still overflowing with madness and combative energy.

“That’s fine, since Sword Field is that kind of technique. But how were you able to use a Sword Field?”

The Blood Raving Demon wasn’t the only one curious about it. Raon was also surprised at seeing Rimmer using a Sword Field.

‘I thought those who inherited Zieghart’s blood were the only ones capable of using a Sword Field…’

As the strongest organizations in the continent, Six Kings and Five Demons had distinct characteristics, but Zieghart was special even among them.

They were capable of creating a barrier as swordsmen, and not as mages. That was why the Sword Field Creation was an outstanding ability, renowned throughout the continent.

However, those who could use it were limited to those who had inherited Zieghart’s blood, and only a small number among them were actually capable of using it.

Because of that, it didn’t make sense that Rimmer was able to use it—not when he wasn’t even human.

“More specifically, it’s not exactly a Sword Field, but something similar.”

Rimmer smiled while closing his eyes.

“Since I’m pretty close to nature because I’m an elf.”

“…I see.”

The Blood Raving Demon nodded, realizing something.

“An injured tiger who lost their teeth is still a tiger, huh.”

Letting out a laugh, he looked at Raon.

“What a shame. I should’ve gotten rid of him at all costs, since he is going to impact Eden gravely…”

“I can’t let our young king be defeated by someone like you.”

“Certainly, he has the qualities of a supreme ruler instead of an average swordsman. However, don’t be arrogant.”

The Blood Raving Demon’s voice started to tremble.

“We also have a talent as good as him in our side. I’m looking forward to you fighting against him.”

“The continent is vast, after all.”

Rimmer murmured that it was understandable and nodded.

“It’s my loss, Zieghart’s Sword of Light.”

The Blood Raving Demon closed his eyes after saying that. A red line appeared from the center of his body.

The body, maintained through aura, split apart. The giant at the Master’s level fell back.

Whir!

The Blood Raving Demon’s helmet was also split in half, and the light of madness disappeared.

“Haa…”

Rimmer sighed and sat on the ground.

“Were you watching?”

He turned his head around and grinned. He looked exhausted despite having his usual expression on his face.

“Yes, I was.”

Raon nodded.

“That’s the special technique you should learn as a Zieghart. It’s called the Sword Field.”

“Sword Field…”

He murmured the words ‘Sword Field’, pretending he didn’t know about it.

“It’s a barrier created through pressure and karma, not mana like a magician would use.”

“That’s why you’ve put so much importance on pressure.”

“Yes. Even if you aren’t using a Sword Field, developing pressure helps you exert your power.”

Rimmer grinned, and Raon nodded once again.

‘Certainly…’

He might have been a bit different, but Rimmer’s training requiring trainees to surpass their limits every day must’ve greatly helped the other children.

If they hadn’t gone through the training to increase their pressure, the children wouldn’t have been able to fight against the Green War Demon, nor run away from the Blood Raving Demon.

“You are a collateral, but you are actually a member of the direct line. You can probably use it one day… No, you will certainly use it.”

Rimmer declared, certain that he could do it one day.

“The experience, achievement, aura, and even the future you’ve been accumulating. Sword Field is created by incorporating all of that. You need to experience many things, and you must learn.”

He was teaching him despite being out of breath. Everything from the battle against the Blood Raving Demon until that moment was a lesson.

“You guys watched too, right?”

***

***

Rimmer completely turned his body and looked far away. Runaan, Burren, Martha, and the other trainees were standing in a daze.

It seemed they’d been watching the situation from outside the Sword Field.

“Raon!”

Runaan came running at him. Her eyes were filled with small tears.

“That’s crazy! This guy was alive! He’s alive!”

The hand Martha used to grab Raon’s shoulder trembled, unable to believe Raon had managed to survive so long.

“Sir Raon!”

“Raon!”

“Keuh!”

Dorian and the trainees came running at him with teary eyes.

“Raon Zieghart.”

Burren’s chin trembled as he breathed out a sigh of relief.

“I’m really glad…”

While faltering, he sniffed and turned his gaze to Rimmer, who was next to Raon.

“By the way, instructor.”

“How was the instructor able to use the Sword Field Creation?”

“I made it.”

“D-did you say you made it?”

“Yes.”

Rimmer repeated what he told the Blood Raving Demon and nodded his head.

“There are a few different kinds of Sword Fields that are passed down in Zieghart. Since they are inherited through blood, only their bloodline can use it—but making a new one is a different story.”

He smiled, telling him that he made the Sword Field.

“Then am I also able to use that Sword Field?”

Martha asked while stepping forward. Runaan’s eyes were also glittering.

“That’s a no.”

Rimmer calmly shook his head.

“There are two conditions that are requirements for a non-Zieghart to create a Sword Field.”

“Two conditions?”

“First is experience. You need to have lots of experience with a Sword Field. I’ve done that in all the battlefields I’ve led with the Lord. And second is…”

He gave a look at each trainee before he continued.

“The talent in attribute.”

“What kind of talent are you talking about?”

Martha took one step closer and asked. She was greatly interested in the Sword Field.

“Talent in attributes. The power of attribute is necessary for people like us, who don’t have Zieghart’s blood, to create the Sword Field. I’ve managed to make it through the power of wind.”

“Hmm…”

“But I wouldn’t recommend it.”

Rimmer shook his head with a dejected expression.

“Collaterals and a few vassal families, including the Sullion families, also inherited Zieghart’s blood. They might be able to use the Sword Field if they worked hard on it. However, you would need to sacrifice something if you are trying to use the Sword Field without Zieghart’s blood.”

“Sacrifice?”

“……”

Rimmer didn’t respond.

“You have a bright future ahead of you. Unlike me, who had no choice but to make my Sword Field, you should be able to get stronger with your own strength.”

He included wind in his voice, so that everyone could hear him.

“Let’s talk about this later, and for now…”

Rimmer took out a transparent water bottle from his sleeve and approached Raon.

“It’s going to hurt. Endure it.”

He spoke as he poured the water on his broken arm and his torn waist and thigh.

“……”

It was extremely painful, but Raon didn’t groan in the slightest. That much couldn’t even be called a pain compared to when he was fighting against the Blood Raving Demon.

“Doesn’t it hurt?”

“It hurts.”

“But you aren’t even groaning.”

“It doesn’t hurt that much.”

“Huh, wow.”

Rimmer snickered and shook his head.

“It’s over, so let’s go back.”

“Wait!”

Burren raised his hand. He had the same eyes as when he was in the training ground.

“I have a question.”

“Eek? I’m tired, can we do it later…”

Rimmer gulped, guessing what he was about to ask.

“No, I need to ask it right now. Where have you even been, that you came out to help so late? It’s obvious you’ve been following us, so why did you appear after we were in so much danger? Not only us, but the villagers were also in dan…”

“Huh? What’s that?”

Rimmer raised his finger and pointed towards Burren’s back.

“Gasp!”

“What is it again…”

The trainees hurriedly looked back, but all they could see were shaking branches without any leaves.

“There’s no… Where did he go?”

Burren’s eyes widened. Rimmer had disappeared in the short time he was looking away.

“That guy, seriously! Why did he appear so late?! We almost died for real!”

He was grateful that he came to save them, but the timing was too dramatic. Considering the villagers' lives were also at stake, he should’ve appeared earlier.

“Did anyone die?”

Raon walked up to Burren, grabbing his broken right arm.

“Fortunately, nobody died. I would’ve grabbed the instructor by the collar if there was any.”

“Then it’s fine.”

Rimmer must’ve had his own circumstances. The villagers must’ve been shocked, but they should be able to overcome it since no one had died.

“But…”

“Let’s clean up. We still have much to do.”

Raon shook his head, his entire body covered in blood.

“A-are you really okay?”

“Are you okay, Raon?”

Burren and Runaan asked at once.

“I’m fine.”

Raon nodded like nothing, despite being seriously injured no matter how one looked at him.

Raon was recovering his body and mana circuit with the ‘Ring of Fire’.

Rimmer’s medicine was also effective, so his body and mana circuit became even stronger after a good rest.

“I’m sorry.”

Burren lowered his head. His drooping hand was trembling.

“You had to step up because my decision was made too late, yet I almost got everyone killed. I don’t think I’m fit to lead anyone.”

“You look like you are about to die from a single mistake. If you realized your problem, develop your decision-making and strength together.”

“Hmm…”

“Or you could just give up on everything if you aren’t confident.”

“No, I’ll do it. I’m going to gain judgment and strength that won’t lose in any situation! I promise this to you, the one that saved my life!”

“That’s good.”

Raon waved his uninjured left hand.

‘I would’ve punched him if he apologized for being unable to help me.’

He liked that he apologized for not running away immediately, instead of not fighting against the Blood Raving Demon together.

Since Burren was still a child, he would be able to improve a lot more in the future.

“Runaan, you’re the same. You should’ve run away back then instead of trying to help me.”

“Don’t wanna.”

Runaan shook her head with an unusually sullen face.

“If it’s an opponent you can’t win against…”

“Don’t wanna.”

“It’s dangerous.”

“Don’t wanna.”

“No, listen to me first.”

“I won’t listen. I’m going to help.”

She covered her ears and shook her head while saying that.

“I’m going to get stronger. I’m definitely going to get stronger and fight alongside you!”

“Haa…”

The silliness drew a bitter smile from him. However, his heart felt warm. He could feel the sincerity in her words when she said she would get stronger and help him.

It was a difficult mission, one where he got injured a lot, but he was happy that he got to learn a lot about emotions.

“……”

Raon looked at Martha. She seemed to be thinking about something, her deep gaze was directed at him.

“It’s over. Let’s return.”

He waved his hand at the trainees, who were still standing around dumbfounded.

He could see people running at them from the darkness. They were the Zieghart reinforcements that Krein went to call.

His mind grew relaxed because everything was really over.

When he was thinking he wanted to rest, a blue window appeared in front of his eyes.

“Huh?”

Huh??

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 81


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

“Phew.”

Rimmer sighed, watching the trainees returning to the village.

“Seriously, he is too stubborn.”

He glared at Burren, who was following right behind Raon.

He thought he had grown softer than the first time he saw him, but that was apparently only towards Raon.

‘I guess.’

Burren had started changing after realizing Raon’s efforts. It wasn’t strange for him to have changed only towards Raon.

‘Runaan has also changed.’

The expressionless girl with faint emotion was now talking and expressing herself clearly. That change was also going to greatly affect her swordsmanship.

‘And Martha.’

Her eyes were also visibly different. She seemed to be deeply moved from watching Raon’s fight and righteous spirit.

‘She must be interested in the Sword Field in order to catch up to Raon.’

The reason that she was interested in the Sword Field must’ve been to either to catch up to Raon, or to stand by his side.

Checking on every trainee, Rimmer could feel that they had all grown up in terms of power and mentality.

He felt proud of them, and ashamed at the same time—ashamed that he couldn’t arrive in time to save them.

“Well, then… ugh!”

As he was about to follow the trainees, he felt a pain in his lower abdomen.

“Damn it…”

It was the price for straining his broken energy center and even opening the Sword Field. It felt like his life itself had grown shorter.

‘My lifespan must’ve decreased.’

He avoided telling the trainees about it, but lifespan needed to be offered in order to open a Sword Field without being a Zieghart.

Since he wasn’t neither young nor healthy, his lifespan must’ve decreased drastically.

‘I have no regrets, though.’

He had already lived long enough.

Ever since his energy center was broken, he couldn’t feel any fulfillment in his life.

Since he felt like he had found a new life ever since he started teaching those children, he didn’t regret offering his lifespan in the slightest.

“Haa…”

Rimmer stood up after waiting for the pain in his heart and energy center subsided.

He could see the villagers bowing at Raon.

“Still, I need to live to see the day he becomes the head.”

He giggled on his own, disappearing from his spot like the wind.

***

Zieghart’s South-West branch office was in charge of Cebu village and Cebu Mountain’s protection.

“Tsk.”

Zieghart’s South-West branch office manager, Brukas, clicked his tongue while heading towards Cebu village.

‘Did he mention Eden?’

A trainee named Krein came up to him and told him Eden had appeared in Cebu village.

Apparently Raon Zieghart noticed the Red Eye Demon’s observation, but that sounded like bullsh*t to him.

In order to notice a Red Eye Demon’s gaze, one needed to be at least an intermediate Expert.

It didn’t make any sense that Raon, who was only fifteen years old, would notice.

“Branch manager, do we really need to go when it doesn’t even make any sense? We’ve already investigated it, you know.”

The branch’s vice-manager, Serviane, came next to him and complained. He seemed to be complaining since he was the one who investigated Cebu village and Cebu Mountain.

“It’s not because of Raon. It’s because Burren, Runaan, and Martha are over there. If something happens to those three, our entire branch office might be executed.”

“Aww, that sounds awful.”

“Manage your expression. You have to… Huh?”

Brukas’s eyes widened upon seeing the blood on the road towards the village. Upon following the stream of blood flowing like a river, a huge green body came into view.

“O-ogre?”

A round and brutal face. A body and limbs as thick as several logs piled up together. It was an ogre’s corpse, the tyrant of the mountain.

“It’s an ogre!”

“Wh-why is an ogre here?”

“Moreover, there are two of them…”

The branch’s swordsmen swallowed, standing in front of the ogres’ corpses.

“Hmm…”

Brukas frowned after examining the ogres’ corpses. What killed them was a single strike hitting their weak point, a master’s attack.

‘I don’t know about Eden, but something happened for sure.’

People’s blood and clothes could also be found on top of the ogres’ corpses and blood.

“Stay on red alert.”

The light in Brukas’s eyes changed. He immediately started running towards the village, and the branch’s swordsmen also followed him with serious expressions.

Finding the village’s entrance, which looked like it was crushed by a passing giant, they increased the speed even further. When they were about to cross the center of the village, the trainees appeared in front of them.

“You…”

Brukas couldn’t finish his sentence upon seeing the trainee standing at the front.

‘What is this…?’

Raon Zieghart.

The frail-looking boy’s left arm was limp like a rag, and holes as big as a fist could be seen on his waist and his thigh.

However, the boy wasn’t even groaning despite his severe injuries, and his eyes were as clear as a night lake.

A powerful pressure could be felt, despite his wounded state.

It was a feeling of facing an old swordsman with lots of expertise, through countless accomplishments.

“I’m the fifth training ground’s top trainee, Raon Zieghart.”

Raon politely greeted him.

“Ah, y-yes. What exactly happened here? Did Eden really appear?”

Brukas stuttered, flustered by Raon’s pure energy.

“Indeed.”

After saying that, he threw two helmets under his feet.

They were the Green War Demon’s helmet, with an orc fighter’s drawing on it, and the Blood Raving Demon’s helmet, with an Ogre’s head drawn on it.

“B-Blood Raving Demon and Green War Demon? D-did Eden really appear?”

“We were the ones who killed the Green War Demon, but it was the instructor who killed the Blood Raving Demon.”

“Instructor?”

“It was Instructor Rimmer.”

“Ah…”

“He is really amaz… Ah, wait!”

Brukas dropped his jaw. He finally understood something more surprising than Rimmer killing the Blood Raving Demon.

“Y-you guys killed the Green War Demon?”

***

***

“Yes.”

Raon plainly nodded.

“H-how? How could you have killed the Green War Demon?”

Rimmer killing the Blood Raving Demon was surprising, but it didn’t make any sense that the trainees could’ve killed the Green War Demon and the green demons.

“We just killed him.”

“T-tell me in more detail!”

“Hmm, the guy behind me will tell you in more detail, since I need to heal my wounds.”

“Ah, right. That’s right.”

Brukas nodded. Raon’s wound was serious for sure. A normal person would’ve been crying and going crazy.

“Serviane, you shall cure Raon.”

“Ah, yes.”

Serviane was the healer as well as the branch’s vice-manager. He was standing in a daze, then followed Raon upon hearing his order.

“So, what exactly happened here? Tell me every single detail.”

“I’m not sure if you will believe me…”

Burren described everything that had happened, without any exaggeration nor reduction.

“That doesn’t make any…”

Brukas exclaimed in a hoarse voice. His throat felt clogged because of the ridiculousness of the story.

“But it’s true.”

Every trainee, including Burren, Runaan, and Martha, nodded.

“Huh…”

It was absurd.

‘He cut off his arm with a surprise attack from the back, then cut off his head in the end?’

That was already surprising enough. However, he couldn’t do anything other than scream in astonishment from hearing what happened next.

‘He withstood the Blood Raving Demon’s attacks for almost ten minutes…’

Burren said Raon allowed everyone to escape, then held back the Blood Raving Demon until Rimmer appeared.

Raon was a mere fifteen-year-old trainee, one that wasn’t even qualified as a swordsman. And apparently, he crossed swords with the Blood Raving Demon, who was a Master. His head was going numb from the absurdity.

“Phew…”

Brukas sighed and examined the trainees. Judging from their unwavering eyes, they were only stating the truth.

He turned around to look at the house that Raon had entered.

He swallowed. Even the current Head of House, Lord Glenn wouldn’t have been able to fight against the Blood Raving Demon at the age of fifteen.

‘Monster…’

That was the only word he could think of. Genius wasn’t enough for Raon Zieghart. He was a real monster.

***

“I-I’ll be leaving, then.”

Serviane, who introduced himself as the branch’s vice-manager, stood up after bandaging him up with medicine.

“Thank you.”

“Oh, it was nothing.”

He went outside after shaking his hand.

“Haa…”

Raon leaned his back against the wall, enduring the pain.

‘It feels like a dream.’

He still couldn’t believe that he had killed the Green War Demon and survived against the Blood Raving Demon with his problematic body.

‘I was lucky.’

He managed to get the upper hand against the Green War Demon thanks to the trainees attracting his attention, and he managed to hold on against the Blood Raving Demon thanks to the growth he got from that.

It wouldn’t have been weird for him to die in either of the situations if he had been missing anything.

‘But I managed to grow once again.’

Raon clenched his fist. His stats, experience, and prowess had all increased through the difficult battle against the Blood Raving Demon.

He was a completely different person from before arriving at Cebu village.

He was definitely at the novice level Sword Expert now.

‘It seems hardship is necessary in order to get stronger.’

It was something he had felt in his previous life, that the opportunity only came through the wave called crisis.

‘Moreover…’

Raon grinned, shaking the ice flower bracelet containing Wrath.

“I managed to grow up even more thanks to you.”

Ugh…

Wrath surged from the ice flower along with a blue flame.

The King of Essence has never made such a sloppy bet. You didn’t kill that rough guy wearing an ogre's helmet.

“That’s different.”

Raon shook his head.

“The bet between us was about the Blood Raving Demon’s death. That means it doesn’t matter who killed him.”

Kugh, damn it!

Wrath boiled in intense anger. He started lamenting that he didn’t check the bet properly because the situation was so critical.

‘Hmm…’

Raon frowned, instead of making fun of Wrath like always. His feelings were touching him a lot more deeply than usual.

‘Is it because I received his wrath?’

It seemed he could feel his emotion a lot better because he had received his wrath.

‘It’s more dangerous than I thought.’

It was just ten points of Wrath, yet it already had a significant effect. It looked like he needed to be more careful in making contracts with him in the future.

“Let’s check it again.”

Raon increased the tone of his voice to pretend nothing special had happened and opened the previous messages.

He even got extra points like when he won the third bet. They were generous rewards, befitting the giving Wrath.

Clench!

Raon clenched his fist. He could feel his exhausted muscles reviving with his stats increasing at once.

I shouldn’t have made that damned bet!

Wrath shouted that it was a scam and covered the entire room with coldness.

“There’s still more, you know.”

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 82


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

“Iron Will?”

Why, of all things…

Wrath’s voice was filled with irritation. It seemed he was displeased with the trait called ‘Iron Will’.

‘Which means this must be a good trait.’

It had to be a great trait if Wrath was hating that he had it. Raon opened the status window, filled with anticipation.

Confirming the increase in stats from the reward, Raon checked his new trait, ‘Iron Will’.

He admired it upon reading the message. Now that he had the trait, he could resist like before even after receiving wrath from Wrath.

“I got lucky.”

It’s not luck. It’s thanks to the greatness of the King of Essence’s system.

Wrath ground his teeth while glaring at the message.

‘I made it so well that it’s troublesome.’

Wrath made the system prioritize creating the most necessary trait for the moment.

That aspect also applied to Raon, and ‘Iron Will' was created as a result because Raon needed it the most at the moment.

Tsk.

It was irritating.

‘I thought I could finally conquer him now…’

He had finally obtained a blade that worked against Raon, thanks to him accepting wrath, but the trait had returned them to where they’d started.

‘Haa…’

Wrath calmed his boiling emotion. He didn’t want to give away free stats by getting angry like an idiot anymore.

‘I have plenty of time.’

His recovery speed was getting faster, albeit slightly, and he had managed to give some wrath to Raon.

He was growing pretty quickly for a human, but Wrath was going to win in the end.

‘Just you wait. Your body and soul are mine. I’ll lock you up in a glacier for eternity.’

Wrath glared at Raon with a cold gaze.

“Tsk, tsk.”

Raon looked at Wrath and clicked his tongue.

“Judging from your expression, you are thinking about something useless again.”

You are the one with useless thoughts. A mere human would never be able to understand the great and mighty King of Essence’s thoughts.

“It’s pretty obvious. You must’ve resolved to wait and endure until you can eat up my body and lock my soul up in a glacier.”

Urgh!

Wrath’s jaw dropped.

You bastard, when did you learn to read minds?

“There’s no way I wouldn’t notice with everything I’ve heard and seen so far. Your thoughts and actions are in the palm of my hand.”

Raon opened his right hand and swayed it.

A mere human dares…!

Wrath exploded in anger, despite having resolved to not get caught up in Raon’s provocation.

Wham!

Wrath’s coldness, which became even more intense, crushed against Raon.

“Hmm.”

Raon bit his lip from inside.

‘This isn’t a joke…’

Even considering his wounded state, the pain had become way worse than before. It felt like sharp icicles were stinging his entire body.

It was a dire amount of pain despite having four stars in ‘Water Resistance’. Accepting wrath was extremely dangerous.

“Huff…”

He resonated his four rings of fire and ground his teeth to endure the pain, over and over again.

Along with the message, the pain pressing upon his mind and body subsided significantly.

Krrrrr! The King of Essence is going to put an end to this ill-fated relationship with you!

Though Wrath kept generating wrath and coldness with everything he had, they weren’t really difficult to endure—just like before he’d taken on his wrath.

His mind grew a bit clearer with the message.

Damn it. Just what is going on here?

Wrath kept swearing while falling out of his body. He looked more like a delinquent than the monarch of Wrath.

“I already told you.”

Raon snickered and shook his right hand.

“You can’t win against me. You are too obvious.”
