“I never imagined he would change that much.”

“He is also open-minded, probably because he started from rock bottom.”

“I’ve seen many children so far, but it’s my first time seeing a top trainee that managed to make the others follow him based on his efforts, rather than his position or talent.”

The instructors approached Rimmer and nodded. All of them also acknowledged Raon.

“Hmm, I should prepare as well. I need to start moving before the children.”

The youngest instructor licked his lips while watching the children walk away.

They used to really send the trainees on a mission on their own, but ever since Glenn broke through the demonic wall, the second mission’s rules included having instructors tag along secretly.

“No.”

Rimmer tapped the youngest instructor’s shoulder, then shook his head.

“I’ll be going.”

“Pardon?”

“Whaat?”

“A-are you serious?”

The instructors’ eyes widened. They couldn’t believe the man that found teaching them bothersome was volunteering to follow them on a mission.

“Yes.”

“But head instructor, if you don’t get there in time when the children are in danger because you were napping…”

“Eep! Who do you think I am? Don’t you trust me?”

Rimmer flapped his hand, but the instructors didn’t respond. That was because they could count on their fingers the number of times Rimmer wasn’t late to a training period.

“Anyway! I’ll be going, so you can rest easy.”

Rimmer turned around after saying that. They could hear him murmur that he was going to have a great nap as he left the training ground.

“He should sleep here if he wants to sleep. Why does he even want to follow them on a mission…?”

“I guess he’s leaving since the head of house and the other division leaders will bother him if he stays here.”

“Hah…”

The instructors snorted, realizing Rimmer’s plans.

“His laziness is really amazing.”

***

Even though the mission was going to start in two days, Raon returned to the dormitory after finishing up his night training.

A backpack with lightweight magic cast on it was placed in front of the room. It seemed to be a bag prepared for the mission.

‘He is really being obvious that he doesn’t care.’

That kind of bag was normally handed down personally, but putting it in front of the room was his way of telling him to take care of his own business since he didn’t care.

“That’s fine.”

Raon snickered and entered the room holding the bag. It didn’t matter whether the instructors followed or not. He just needed to complete the mission perfectly, regardless of what it was.

Such arrogance. Do you believe everything in the world will go your way? There are countless unexpected circumstances that can happen against you.

‘Well, that’s true.’

Raon nodded. Just as Wrath said, anything could happen at any time. However, since he could handle most problems by himself, he couldn’t relate to that too much.

‘You’re telling me that something unexpected can happen, like how you lost to me.’

I really want to tear your mouth off.

‘That’s an impossible wish.’

Raon snickered and started to pack his bag. Since he was given a light bag, packing up wasn’t really difficult.

Knock knock.

As he was in the middle of packing up, a knocking sound could be heard.

‘Who is it?’

He opened the door, thinking that it was strange since everyone should’ve been busy preparing for departure.

“Eek!”

Raon’s jaw dropped with his eyes widened. There were the only two people in the world that could fluster him. Sylvia and Helen were standing there, faces turning red.

“Raon! If you are going on a mission, you should return to the annex building and tell Mom about it!”

“How did you know that? No way, was it Dorian again?”

“Sir Rimmer told us!”

Putting her hands on her hips, Sylvia frowned.

‘That elf, seriously…’

He secretly sighed. He came to the dormitory on purpose to prevent Sylvia and Helen from worrying. He didn’t think he would visit them personally to tell them about it.

“I’m sorry.”

It would’ve been a different story if he could have kept it a secret, but since they had already realized, he didn’t need to make up an excuse. It was a fact that he was avoiding them since it could get awkward if he told them he was going on a mission without an instructor, despite having time to visit them.

“……”

Sylvia pouted without saying anything and wrinkled her nose. As he was about to close his eyes in preparation for her long preaching, he heard her voice.

“Raon.”

“Hmm?”

“The top trainee isn’t only supposed to greet others. It’s a position that should lead the other trainees in a better direction.”

Sylvia’s eyes were full of unusual seriousness.

“Not just yourself, but you should think about everyone before you act. The children’s lives are at stake based on your decisions.”

“Ah, okay.”

Raon nodded with a bewildered expression.

‘I didn’t expect her to say something like this…’

He thought he would get scolded and preached at. He didn’t expect her to give such advice.

“Monster extermination might look easy, but it’s actually a difficult mission. Make sure to wipe them out completely so that the villagers won’t suffer any more.”

Sylvia was correct. Since the monsters multiplied very quickly, it was important to completely root them out when he was at it.

“Always keep in mind that the moment you are on a mission, you aren’t a trainee anymore but a Zieghart swordsman.”

She lowered her body to meet his eyes. Her eyes were shining like stars.

“Mom told you before, right? The first Zieghart knew honor and shame, and was the kind of person that pointed his sword at the strong in order to protect the weak. Mom wants Raon to act like that Zieghart ancestor.”

Sylvia smiled, gently caressing Raon’s shoulder.

“Aren’t you angry?”

“I’m angry! And I’m worried! I feel so frustrated! However!”

Her expression changed in an instant. She pouted once again.

“It’s not the right time to scold you. Be ready for some preaching once you return.”

“Mhm.”

Raon smiled lightly and nodded. Since Sylvia had also lived as a swordsman, she was well aware that now wasn’t the right time to scold him.

“I’m glad that you became happier after starting to train, but I can’t stop worrying about you.”

Sylvia hugged Raon tightly. He could feel her worries in her trembling hands.

She returned after giving him a few more pieces of advice. She didn’t take as much of his time as he had expected, and she didn’t scold him either.

While worrying about her son, she hoped he would complete the mission properly as a swordsman.

That’s why her voice and her words touched him deep in his heart.

While packing up his bag, he looked out the window. The moonlight was permeating the room, as if it were jealous.

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 68


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Daybreak, Two days later.

Rimmer was standing on the platform in the training ground where the sun still hadn’t risen.

The trainees were looking at him with eyes full of nervousness and excitement.

“I’m telling you for the last time. Anything can happen outside the house. You must doubt over and over. If you think it’s too difficult, retreat without a second thought.”

“Yes!”

His gaze was directed at Raon, who was standing at the first row. Raon calmly nodded.

“Then go now. It would normally take a month, but you should be able to arrive in two weeks since we’ve opened the Official Broad Road. I wish you good fortune in battle.”

“Thank you.”

Rimmer clapped his hands, just like in their usual training. The trainees bowed to him and the instructors, then turned around.

“Line up in four columns. We will be moving in the buddy groups assigned in the morning.”

The trainees moved in a perfect order at Raon’s command.

“Hah.”

Rimmer snorted while watching them.

‘Did he make buddy groups?’

Despite being a top trainee, he was still a teenager. He was surprised at his composure and him organizing buddy groups when he should’ve been nervous about going on a mission without an instructor.

‘He always surprises me.’

He never got bored of watching Raon. He always filled him with anticipation.

‘The most surprising thing was the Nine Flowers Medicine.’

His jaw had automatically dropped from surprise upon watching Raon take the Nine Flowers Medicine he got as a reward for winning against Martha.

I never expected him to completely absorb it.’

Upon taking an elixir, some energy was inevitably wasted. Getting someone else’s help to reduce that waste to a minimum was the common method of taking an elixir, yet Raon had absorbed all of the energy on his own. He was a monstrous guy in many ways.

‘I guess they will be fine.’

On top of might and aura, Raon was exceptionally talented with perception. Since he had proved himself during the battle against the sixth training ground, he was going to return safely after completing the mission without much difficulty.

“We’ve finished the preparation.”

Raon came to Rimmer after finishing lining up the trainees. His serene eyes didn’t have any sign of excitement or nervousness.

‘How is he fifteen years old…’

Rimmer nodded, while feeling goosebumps on his arm.

“Go to battle.”

“To battle.”

He responded silently and left the training ground, leading the trainees.

“……”

Rimmer stared at the backs of the trainees he’d raised for the past three years.

The instructors approached him once the trainees had completely disappeared.

“Head instructor, shouldn’t you start following them now?”

“No.”

Rimmer shook his head. He yawned while grabbing the back of his neck with clasped hands.

“There’s a guy with an inhuman perception. I’m going to take a nap first.”

He went to the head instructor’s office after saying that.

“Ha…”

“I-is that okay?”

“It might be late, but shouldn’t we go after them?”

The instructors’ worrying voices could be heard from behind him, but Rimmer smiled, pretending to not hear them.

‘I should worry about the orcs instead of them.’

***

Raon looked back while walking at the front. The forty-two trainees were moving in four lines, but they were divided into three factions.

The first was the collateral faction with Burren Zieghart as center. The collaterals were following Burren as their master.

The second was a faction of vassal families that opposed the collaterals. However, Runaan—who should’ve been their center—was sticking next to Raon, which made their stance rather awkward.

The third was the recommended children with commoner backgrounds. Raon had helped them back when they were temporary trainees, and they were still following him.

Finally, Martha was the exception that didn’t belong anywhere.

After checking each trainee’s expressions, Raon closed his eyes.

Honestly, he didn't care what they did or what they became.

Despite his status as a trainee under the Zieghart name, he didn’t think he belonged to that place. He was going to leave after returning Sylvia to her position in the direct line.

However.

The spar against the Owen Kingdom, the first mission, and the battle against the sixth training ground made him realize that wasn’t all there was to it.

Since he spent a long time with them, sharing the same thoughts, he grew a bit attached to them.

‘And Mom’s words are also bothering me.’

Sylvia’s voice, telling him to act like the ancient Zieghart swordsman as the top trainee, was still engraved in his heart.

‘It’s difficult.’

Probably because he had lived as an assassin, taking care of his allies was more difficult than killing and destroying his enemies.

“We’re going to rest here.”

Raon stopped in front of a huge tree, thick enough that five grown men wouldn’t be enough to hug it together. The trainees sat down, leaning their backs against the tree.

“I have something to tell you.”

As the trainees were drinking water and catching their breath, he stood in front of them.

“Some of you might dislike me, but I’m currently your top trainee.”

His calm voice stating the fact made some people clench their fists, some nod their heads, and others didn’t show any reaction at all.

“I knew that some of you aren’t taking it seriously or are excited, like you’re going on a picnic, despite hearing that it’s a monster extermination. Whatever you think is up to you, but that lightheartedness will make you or the person behind you into a casualty.”

“Hmm…”

The trainees that had such thoughts lowered their heads in embarrassment.

“Just as the head instructor said, we don’t know what might happen during the mission. Don’t act rashly, follow my orders.”

“Mhm.”

“Yes!”

Runaan and the recommended children answered loud and clear, and Martha and the vassal family trainees nodded.

“……”

The collateral trainees stayed still, trying to read Burren’s mind.

“Of course.”

Burren stood up while pouring water on his head.

“I already told you at the end of the battle against the sixth training ground, but I acknowledge you as the top trainee. I’ll follow your order even if it might cost my life, as long as it is reasonable. However, if it will stain the Zieghart name, I won’t follow your order.”

“What is worthy of Zieghart, according to you?”

“It’s knowing the honor of a swordsman. Helping the weak, acting proudly in front of the strong, and training with everything they have, so they won’t show any shameful sight.”

“……”

Raon met Burren’s eyes without saying anything.

“I know. I picked a fight against you out of jealousy, and stained the Zieghart name, unable to accept the result. I’m telling you all this because I am well aware of that fact. I’m never going to display that shameful behavior ever again.”

Burren hit his chest with his clenched fist. It felt like his willpower could be seen in his green eyes, burning strongly.

‘He has really changed a lot.’

He acknowledged his own mistake in front of that many people, and even declared his resolution. It wasn’t something a fifteen-year-old would do.

“I got it.”

Raon nodded. It seemed he could trust Burren since he had changed that much. Putting the water he was drinking back in his bag, he turned around.

“Let’s move again.”

***

***

Burren looked at Raon, who was advancing through the snowy road. He had a small back. It had a size befitting his age, since he had somewhat recovered his health, but he was still small compared to the other trainees—including himself.

His size as a person was incomparable to the other trainees.

He painfully realized that while observing him as they moved for the mission. The patience he displayed during training was nothing.

Raon didn’t get tired. No, he didn’t show it despite being tired.

The trainees struggled with the cold and exhaustion, but he was always composed and relaxed. Thanks to that, the trainees that were following him became less nervous and ended up expending less stamina.

‘If he was the only one on the mission, he probably would’ve arrived a long time ago…’

It definitely wasn’t a baseless guess.

Raon always took a night watch despite being the top trainee. He was also the only one who didn’t doze off during it.

‘He must’ve gotten stronger, too.’

Since it was half a year ago that he defeated Kein from the direct line, who was two years older than him, he must’ve gotten even stronger. He probably reached the advanced level Sword User, or even the highest level.

Honestly, he couldn’t help but think that he could never win against him.

‘But I won’t give up.’

He didn’t work as hard as Raon yet and giving up on matching up to his rival wasn’t something a Zieghart would do.

Burren tightly gripped his sword’s handle.

He came back to his senses thanks to Raon. He was going to catch up to him to return the favor.

‘Just you wait, Raon Zieghart.’

***

Like a peacock fluttering its feathers, the different colored roofs were mingling in harmony. They were the rainbow roofs that were Cebu village’s pride.

Raon and the trainees, who had reached Cebu village in two weeks, were looking down at the village from the hill.

“We can see it over there.”

“Finally…”

“Phew. We can finally sleep inside.”

The trainees, who were tired of sleeping outside, smiled while patting their shoulders and backs.

“Cebu village…”

It was his first time there, but he investigated it a little because of the mission. It was a small village where a small number of people lived off farming without any special products or tourist attractions.

Since monsters came down once every few years, it wasn’t really a special mission. In fact, there were wooden fences installed around the village in order to stop the monsters from coming in.

“Let’s go down.”

Raon nodded after looking around the village and the mountains surrounding it as a whole.

“Yes!”

The trainees tightened their bags and went down the mountain, following Raon.

‘Hmm?’

Raon narrowed his eyes and lowered his head slightly.

‘What?’

He felt chills running down his back. It was the sensation he felt every day when he was being trained as an assassin: a human’s gaze.

‘Instructor? No, it’s different.’

It was different from an instructor’s gaze, as they observed them while knowing who they were. It was the frightening feeling of someone trying to find out everything about them.

‘No one knows.’

The trainees’ faces were stiff with nervousness over fighting monsters. Even Burren, Martha, and Runaan looked like they didn’t sense anything.

‘I guess that’s normal.’

It was a faint feeling that he himself wouldn’t have felt if he didn’t have the experience of an assassin. It would’ve been strange if the trainees could sense it.

He rolled his eyes while lowering his head. He couldn’t locate it since his aura and his perception was still too weak.

‘Not good.’

He couldn’t tell whether it was one of the house’s trials or some other crisis. Hiding was the best course of action in such a situation.

Raon went down the mountain without saying anything. As he was purposely walking slowly, the feeling scanning his neck got further away.

It seemed like it was running away to report elsewhere. Now was the time.

Whir.

Creating a thin layer with his aura to prevent the sound from going out, he turned around.

“Burren.”

“What?”

Burren raised his head, hiding his nervousness under his calm expression.

“During this mission, you shall be the top trainee and issue commands.”

“What are you saying out of nowhere…?”

“Since Runaan and I did everything during the first mission, you should take on the main role this time. Prove what you told me last time was true.”

“By what I told you, you mean…”

“That you are going to be worthy of being a Zieghart swordsman.”

“Hmm…”

Burren bit his lip. Judging from his frowning expression, he was taking him seriously.

The trainees were walking silently, but their ears and gazes were all directed to Raon and Burren.

“Alright.”

Burren slowly nodded. Hesitation had disappeared from his eyes.

“I’ll clearly show you that I’ve changed. Let’s go!”

“Yes!”

He put on the pace while shouting out loud. The collaterals following Burren were full of energy.

“You heard that too, right?”

“Yes.”

The trainees that usually followed Raon nodded at once.

“Runaan.”

“Mhm.”

Runaan understood right away and looked at the vassal family trainees that followed her.

“Hmm…”

“Understood.”

The vassal families frowned, displeased with the way Burren was getting power, but eventually nodded.

“Martha, I’ll tell you the reason later, so consider Burren as the top trainee for now.”

Lastly, he turned to look at Martha, who was standing next to him. She closed her eye and opened it again with a cold expression.

“You don’t need to tell me. I already said I’d follow your command, so you just have to show me the results.”

Martha spoke and walked towards Burren.

Are the young bastards changing a little?

Wrath’s somewhat displeased voice could be heard quietly.

What arrogance!

His personality was indeed the worst, as he got angry at everything and anything.

‘You can feel the one that is observing us nearby, right?’

Did you notice that? I guess, since you have the King of Essence’s trait, you should bite your tongue and die if you don't.

‘Where are they? And how many are they?’

Do you think the King of Essence would tell you his location?

‘So, it’s one person.’

Huh?

‘Since you can’t tell lies, ‘his’ means one person.’

Y-you bastard…

Wrath trembled, boiling in anger.

‘Even then, there’s a problem…’

There was only one person observing them, but there was no way of telling how many they had as allies. He couldn’t relax until the end.

“Hmm…”

Raon licked his lips, looking at Cebu village’s wooden fence as it started entering his sight.

‘I have a feeling this mission isn’t going to be easy.’

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 69


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Upon arriving in front of Cebu village, a head poked out over the wooden fence. It was an old man with gray hair, which showed the many years he had lived.

“Oh! Are you people from Zieghart?”

The wariness filling his angry eyes subsided upon seeing the burning sword emblem engraved on the trainees’ chests.

“Yes, we are.”

Burren, who was at the front, nodded.

“You’ve finally arrived! Please wait a moment!”

After a thumping noise, the door opened at the left side of the wooden fence.

“I’m Ligaham, the Cebu village chief. We welcome the Zieghart’s swordsmen!”

It seemed the gray-haired old man was the village chief as he came up and bowed. The villagers holding swords and spears could be seen behind him.

“We are just trainees that aren’t swordsmen yet.”

Ligaham and the villagers strictly bowed to the trainees, who looked clearly young, which meant the Zieghart’s name was famous in the village.

“Hmph.”

“Uhh…”

The trainees couldn’t hide their pleasure at the hospitality they’ve got for the first time. It was the typical display of an inexperienced beginner.

Raon hid his presence, standing in the middle of the trainees. He was carefully observing his surroundings. He tried looking for the gaze he felt in the forest, but he couldn’t feel it anymore. It seemed the one observing them was gone.

He already ran away.

‘It looks like it.’

Wrath sometimes gave him the answer out of frustration. He was a very useful guy, except for the times he tried to attack him.

“Please rest for now, since you must be tired from the long trip.”

Chief Ligaham raised his hand to volunteer as a guide for the trainees.

“It’s fine.”

Burren stopped moving after entering the village.

“I’m going to ask about the situation first. Please tell us about the monsters’ movements.”

“You are a Zieghart after all, despite being a trainee.”

The village chief nodded, a deeply moved expression on his face.

“Hmm!”

Burren squared his shoulders at hearing that his actions were worthy of Zieghart. He had returned to being a child after acting all dignified.

“Please, look that way.”

The village chief pointed at the mountain on the right side.

“That mountain is Cebu Mountain, which has the same name as our village. Monsters appear there every year, but we’ve been dealing with them since they’ve been few in number. However, the number multiplied more than three times this year, and they were too much for us.”

“How many would they be then?”

“We’ve observed more than a hundred of them. Taking into account those we haven’t seen yet, it’s safe to assume they are over two hundred.”

“Two hundred, I see.”

Burren nodded, looking at Cebu Mountain.

“Please, rest easy. We are going to annihilate the monsters living in that mountain.”

“Ohh!”

“Th-thank you!”

“Thank you very much!”

The villagers bowed at Burren and the trainees, as if the monsters had already been wiped out.

“Please, get up. Cebu is a village under Zieghart’s influence, therefore it’s our job to take care of those monsters.”

Burren’s face turned red with excitement, but he turned around without showing it on the outside.

“Since it’s already late today, we are going to head to the mountain tomorrow at daybreak, before the monsters wake.”

“Then for your rest…”

“Before that.”

The village chief’s voice was interrupted by Burren once again.

“Please prepare a fast person to guide us on the mountain tomorrow.”

“Of course. Please, come this way.”

Overwhelmed by Burren’s atmosphere, the village chief immediately nodded and started guiding them to the village hall.

‘Not bad.’

Raon nodded, watching the exchange between Burren and the village chief.

I know, right? I thought that bloody-eyed brat would’ve asked him to kneel as soon as he arrived.

Wrath murmured that it was a shame.

‘Do you think everyone is like you?’

Honestly, Raon thought the same thing as Wrath. He thought Burren was going to abuse his power, but he was only thinking about the mission, and he treated him with some respect.

‘However, that’s not the important part.’

Burren and the trainees could deal with the monsters like orcs, goblins, and kobolds without his help.

The important part was the scanning gaze that he felt as soon as he arrived near Cebu village. He couldn’t be sure, but the gaze had disappeared in the direction of the mountain.

‘I’ll find out tomorrow.’

Whether it was a House trial, or some other organization preparing something.

After looking around Cebu Mountain as a whole, Raon entered the village hall last.

***

At the peak of Cebu Mountain, monster footprints of various sizes were haphazardly stamped into the snow covering the ground like a blanket.

However, not a single monster could be seen, and one young man was sitting on a rock.

Swoosh.

While the man was spinning an orc shaped helmet with his finger, a suspicious man covering his head with a green mask surged out from the ground.

“Who are the ones that arrived?”

“They are Ziegharts.”

The green masked man responded while bowing.

“Zieghart? I didn’t feel such a presence.”

“They didn’t look like official swordsmen, just trainees.”

“Any instructors?”

“I couldn’t find any.”

“Aha, it’s their second mission.”

The young man snickered, tapping the helmet.

“You didn’t get found out, right?”

“Of course. They shouldn’t even have realized I was nearby.”

“I guess. There’s no way mere trainees could notice your stealth.”

He nodded and licked his lips.

“We’ve made sure to control the monsters, so why did they have to come here?”

“Because the villagers are sensitive to change. They must’ve asked for help from Zieghart, noticing the increase in monsters’ numbers. It seems we were too reckless because we thought we could find the item soon enough.”

The young man clicked his tongue, tilting his head back.

“Since we didn’t manage to find it after searching through the mountain, the ‘magic stone’ must be inside the village.”

“That must be the case.”

“Are we going to attack immediately?”

The man grabbed the helmet he was spinning and shook his head.

“No.”

“Pardon? But it’s the perfect opportunity to kill the Zieghart’s sprouts…”

“It’s easy to kill them, but Zieghart might find out about the magic stone’s existence if we mess around with them. It will be a loss for us if we end up losing something bigger while chasing a small gain.”

“Then…”

“Let them have some monsters. That way, the Zieghart younglings can complete their mission splendidly and return home.”

The man put the green helmet on his head. The helmet had buck teeth and frightening eyes carved on it like an orc’s head, and a threatening murderous intent was coming from those eyes.

“We will attack Cebu village after they return. Kill them all without exception.”

***

***

The next day at daybreak.

Raon was waiting near the entrance of Cebu Mountain along with the trainees.

‘He’s here.’

As soon as he came near the mountain, the gaze he had felt the day before had appeared once again.

‘Is it coming from the west?’

‘It doesn’t look like he is intending to come out right now.’

Raon closed his eyes and widened his perception to search the mountain. Presences big and small: they were the movements of the orcs, goblins, and kobolds that the village chief had mentioned.

Since his senses as an assassin didn’t notice anything, it didn’t seem like there was any danger. However, he kept his senses open just in case.

“After examination, we’ve confirmed orcs, goblins, and kobolds.”

Burren turned around to meet every trainee’s eyes.

“The orcs have the stronger combat abilities, but as you’ve learned, the goblins and kobolds use dirty techniques like poison darts and poison smoke. You should never underestimate them.”

“Yes.”

The trainees responded quietly since the monsters could pop out at any moment.

“The most efficient method is to move in groups, but since we lack actual combat experience, we are going to move together in order to support each other.”

He looked at Raon after saying that. His eyes were asking for permission.

“……”

Raon slightly nodded without saying anything. Burren thanked him with his eyes and turned around once again.

“Show the monsters threatening our land the power of Zieghart!”

Burren drew his sword and ran up the mountain.

“Let’s go!”

“Waaaa!”

Giving out a loud war cry, the trainees followed Burren.

Runaan and Martha went into the mountain after checking Raon’s gaze one last time.

What a bunch of idiots.

Wrath snorted, watching the trainees running in.

Are they really shouting out loud after practicing surprise attacks until now? They are so pathetic.

It was pretty much the first real battle for the trainees. That much of a mistake was understandable.

It should be your first monster extermination as well. What’s wrong with your heartbeat?

Wrath’s voice was full of irritation.

It sounds like an old general’s heartbeat, one who has experienced hundreds of battlefields. Instead of looking right in front of you, you are seeing many different things. That heavy sound really annoys me.

‘It’s because I’m special.’

Raon grinned and unsheathed his sword.

“Let’s go, then.”

“Ah, yes!”

The brown-haired young man nodded, his chin trembling. He was the villager chosen as the guide. Raon’s job was the protection of the guide, instead of fighting the monsters.

“Roar!”

“Kiee!”

Upon reaching the source of screams, they were already in the middle of a battle.

“Stop the orcs, kill the goblins and kobolds first!”

Following Burren’s command, the trainees on the frontline crossed their swords with the orcs, and the trainees on the back dashed ahead to slash at the goblins and the kobolds.

The green wall made of monsters collapsed in an instant.

There were three exceptional people among the trainees that were slaughtering the monsters.

Burren’s sword, imbued with the energy of the wind, was singlehandedly splitting the orcs’ axe. Runaan was controlling the approaching monsters with frost, then cutting their throats.

And finally, Martha…

Wham!

She was destroying everything in front of her, imbuing her sword with a tremendous amount of aura.

At that rate, they were going to wipe out every monster in the mountain without much difficulty, even if he didn’t interfere.

“Grrrr!”

While Raon was spreading his perception, two orcs that had escaped the trainees’ encirclement ran towards him holding an axe.

“Hieee!”

At the scent of blood coming from the orcs, the guide collapsed, unable to control his trembling legs.

Slash!

Raon stood in front of him and swung his sword.

“Kuh…”

As the sword containing red energy slashed through the air, the orc’s head fell down like a fruit falling from a tree.

“Hmm.”

“……”

Burren swallowed after watching the scene, and Martha’s black eyes shone.

“Don’t worry.”

Raon grabbed the guide’s hand, the man’s mouth wide open, to help him stand up.

“I will return you to the village without a single injury.”

***

It was the worst morning ever for Kanbar, who was twenty-five years old now. That was because he was chosen to be the guide for the punitive force.

‘Is it going to be fine?’

He couldn’t stop worrying about it.

He was thankful for Zieghart’s punitive force coming to help the village, but they looked way too young.

Moreover, the swordsman that came with him to protect him looked even younger than any of them.

His handsome appearance was bewildering, but he couldn’t bring himself to trust him because of his small size.

It couldn’t be helped, though.

Since the decision was already made, he had no choice but to obey.

Kanbar went up the mountain, feeling embarrassed at being protected by a boy smaller than him.

What he witnessed as soon as he entered the mountain was the children’s blades wiping out the monsters.

Despite his belief that it was going to be a difficult battle, the orcs, goblins, and kobolds were being annihilated, unable to do anything.

‘That’s crazy!’

He unconsciously gasped.

An orc that five grown men together could barely fight against was getting beheaded like a twig. Every single one of the trainees was literally a monster.

‘So, this was the reason.’

He could finally understand why the village chief was paying his utmost respect to those young children. They were completely different people from commoners like him.

When he could finally relax after regaining his composure, two orcs came running at him from the left side. His legs wouldn’t move from the stench of their breath.

“Uaaaah!”

When he collapsed on the ground with his head going blank, the boy who’d been silent so far stepped up.

He drew his sword and swung.

It was a simple movement, as if he was cutting already dead meat, and the two approaching orcs’ heads fell off.

“Hie…”

Kanbar’s teeth chattered, with his eyes wide.

‘What was that?’

The simple and light swordsmanship made him forget about the other children’s great display of power. He didn’t look like a child—he looked like an old general that had gone through hundreds of battlefields.

Despite knowing nothing about swordsmanship, he could clearly see that the boy was special among them.

After that, the blond, red-eyed boy next to him observed the surroundings without standing out as they climbed the mountain.

He wasn’t doing anything special, but he was preventing any danger from occurring while observing the whole situation.

‘This boy is the real one…’

It was something one could only tell by looking up close. The best among the children, numbering over forty, was the boy that looked the youngest.

“Was your name Kanbar?”

As he was observing him with admiration, the blond boy spoke to him.

“Ah, yes! That’s right! Sir Swordsman!”

He unconsciously addressed him with utmost respect.

“Are there any legends about this mountain?”

“L-legend?”

“Yes, something like a great treasure’s existence, or some exceptional monster residing here.”

“Ah, th-there’s one actually, although it was supposed to be a few hundred years ago. There’s a story of a goblin king coming from the west, fighting the knight's order in this mountain…”

“Hmm, is there anything like a treasure?”

“There was a story about the goblin king’s ring that wasn’t found afterwards…”

“I see.”

The boy’s eyes shone in red for an instant.

“That’s it.”

The moment he heard the boy murmuring to himself silently, chills ran down his spine.

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 70


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Slash!

Raon cut off the head of the goblin that was about to throw a poison needle at the guide. He also cut the next goblin that was trying to attack him in half.

“Th-thank you.”

He nodded at Kanbar’s thanks and spread his perception more precisely.

‘He is in the east now.’

The gaze observing all the trainees could now be felt from the east. It seemed he had moved from west to east.

‘I finally remembered where I felt that gaze before.’

Raon kept his mouth shut tight as he shook off the blood from his sword.

‘It was from Eden.’

Eden was one of the Five Demons commonly referred to as the continent’s darkness, and they were a group full of lunatics that were arguably the craziest among all kinds of organizations that existed in the world.

Their goal was restoration.

They believed the era of despair, where the humans used to be hunted by monsters and discriminated against by the other races was the Eden. And they wanted to revive the monsters’ god to return to that age.

Eden was literally a group of lunatics. Unfortunately, they weren’t just crazy. They also possessed a strong power, keeping up with Zieghart.

They could control monsters like tamers or use the monster’s ability with a human's body.

Even the continent’s prestigious Houses didn’t know how they could use such strange power.

‘However…’

Raon knew Eden’s secret.

‘Thanks to Derus Robert.’

He clashed against Eden because of a magic stone retrieval mission he gave to him, and ten groups of shadows, ninety people total, were completely annihilated. He was the only survivor from that hell.

‘But how did that bastard even learn about it?’

When he thought about it, Derus already knew from the beginning that Eden used magic stones.

Raon couldn’t understand how he learned that fact and didn’t disclose it, despite being one of the Six Kings.

Hey, what are you thinking about right now? I can feel a deep and intense wrath.

Wrath burst up from the bracelet, along with a strong chill.

“Hmm…”

Raon frowned. He wasn’t sure whether him boiling in anger as soon as he thought about Derus Robert was a good thing or not.

“Haa…”

He sighed to subside his anger and sensed the gaze that was still fixated on them.

‘He’s probably looking for the goblin king’s magic stone.’

According to Kanbar’s story, a magic stone must’ve formed as time passed after the goblin king’s death.

There were different kinds of magic stones, but the Eden bastards only looked for magic stones from monsters powerful enough to be renowned.

‘I now understand why the monsters are absentminded.’

Eden was letting them kill the monsters so that the trainees, including him, would return quickly after completing the mission.

‘They have no intention of attacking us.’

It seemed Eden wasn’t planning to show themselves, either in order to avoid Zieghart’s attention or in preparation for the instructors or swordsmen that might have followed them.

‘It must be an important item since they’re going this far.’

The goblin king’s magic stone must’ve been an extremely important item for Eden.

‘Anyway, for now…’

Raon furrowed his brows while beheading the orc that was approaching him.

‘I have no choice but to return without dealing with them.’

The moment he touched the magic stone that must exist in the mountain, every Eden member in the surrounding area was going to attack them at once, like a swarm of bees.

He might be able to survive, but the trainees and the villagers would certainly die. Therefore, it was best to avoid doing anything stupid—like poking a beehive.

The best course of action was to just kill the monsters and return, pretending he didn’t notice anything.

“The monsters are running away! Chase them until the end!”

He raised his head, hearing Burren’s energetic voice.

“Let’s go. It will be over soon.”

Raon gave Kanbar, who had regained his composure, a fake smile. His tongue felt slightly bitter, as if he had chewed on a tree’s root.

***

The monster extermination had started in the daybreak and continued smoothly. They managed to reach the top of the mountain before the sun set.

“Kieee!”

Hearing the orc shaman’s scream from where it was standing at the top of the mountain, the orcs, kobolds, and goblins came running at them. They looked like a swarm of green bees.

“This is the last!”

Burren pierced the sky, taking up his blood-covered sword.

“A rat can bite a cat if it is driven into a corner. Don’t be careless until the end!”

“Ahhhh!”

Burren rushed out, surrounding himself with green aura, and the trainees kicked the ground with a war cry.

“Haa!”

Raon also ran ahead, leaving Kanbar behind, in order to slice the monsters. He moved in a way similar to the other trainees, lowering his sword skills.

‘Keep watching.’

He had recognized the owner of the gaze. He was an Eden’s scout called ‘Red Eye Demon’. He possessed the scouting ability of the monster ‘Search Eye’, which was just a small floating eye that was the size of a sparrow.

“We are almost there!”

Burren shouted while cutting through the orc shaman’s flame. The moment he rushed to the orc shaman, a gigantic sword fell from the sky.

Crash!

Along with a thunderous noise that shook the mountain, dust spread out at the same time.

Whoosh.

Once the dust faded, Martha—who was sticking the deflated orc shaman to the ground with her sword—could be seen.

“It’s mine, okay?”

“Tsk.”

Burren frowned, but quickly realized the situation and turned around.

“The orc shaman is dead! The rest are small fries, so wipe them out completely!

“Waaaa!”

With the anticipation of successfully completing their first battle, they swung their swords using all the remaining aura.

Slash!

After easily killing the orcs around him, Raon returned to Kanbar. He called him after creating an energy barrier, so that nobody could hear him.

“I have a question about the story with the goblin king earlier.”

“Ah, yes.”

Kanbar bowed and answered.

“Has a gem or a treasure ever been found in the mountain since the goblin king died?”

“Ah, that’s…”

Kanbar took his time, without responding immediately.

“It has.”

“Yes, indeed. I shouldn’t lie to my benefactor. The village chief brought a red gem from the mountain when I was little.”

“Where is it now?”

“The village chief buried it under his house as far as I know, and the village grew warm afterwards. I think most people don’t know about this fact.”

“That’s…”

Raon bit his lip.

‘This is a completely different story now…’

“We’ve won!”

“First mission, success!”

“Waaaa!”

Shouts of victory came from the trainees, who managed to occupy the top of the mountain after annihilating the monsters.

“Hmph!”

Burren looked at Raon as he held his sword. His expression was telling him he’d accomplished the mission Raon gave to him.

“……”

Without responding to Burren’s gaze, Raon furrowed his brows. He had too many things to think about.

“Yeaaah!”

Burren shouted louder than anyone. It looked like he thought Raon had acknowledged him through that attitude.

Runaan also seemed happy about the victory as she nodded slightly.

“It’s so loud.”

Martha looked at Raon, picking her ears as if it wasn’t a big deal.

After watching the trainees that were shouting, Raon looked down at Cebu village. His frustration only grew stronger upon seeing the smoke rising from the roofs of various colors.

‘If they ever learn about the fact that the magic stone isn’t in the mountain, but in the village…’

Only thing left in that village would be the smoke.

***

***

A festival was held as soon as they returned to the village.

The villagers were full of smiles, as they didn’t need to worry about the monsters for a while now.

“Thank you for your hard work!”

“Thank you!”

The village chief and the villagers bowed to every single one of the trainees and thanked them.

“It was our job.”

Burren shook his hand, smiling in happiness. His expression was as bright as a magic lamp, as he had perfectly completed the mission without a single casualty.

“Thank you for working hard for our village.”

The village chief also bowed to Raon, who was standing at the back.

“This guy told me Sir Swordsman was really outstanding. Thank you for protecting us.”

“I honestly thought he wasn’t very trustworthy at first, but he really is excellent with his sword.”

The village chief smiled, pointing at Kanbar, and Kanbar also smiled.

“No problem.”

Raon smiled plainly. The village chief and Kanbar thanked him once again and went to the other trainees to thank them.

“Haa…”

He felt uncomfortable after seeing their eyes. He wanted to tell them about it, but the entire village was currently under observation. The slightest mistake could get everyone killed.

“Aren’t you feeling well?”

Runaan tilted her head, sitting next to him.

“Do you wanna eat ice cream?”

She tried taking out the rectangular box from her chest.

“I’m fine.”

Raon shook his head with a smile.

“Okay.”

Runaan put the box back in its place with a regretful expression. It seemed she wanted to eat the ice cream together to rejoice.

Her cute thoughts made him smile.

What are you doing! Why are you missing the opportunity to eat the ice cream?!

‘That’s not the important thing right now.’

Nothing’s more important than the ice cream! Call the girl back right now!

‘Haaa.’

Raon forced Wrath back into the bracelet, who was angrier than when he laughed at him.

“So.”

He raised his head at the voice heard from the top of the tree. Martha was looking at him, holding an apple.

“Did it go as you wanted? I’m still not sure what you wanted, though.”

“I’m not sure either.”

Raon shook his head. He had nothing to say for now, nor could he say anything.

“Don’t worry. No matter what happens, I’ll follow your command until the end of the mission.”

Martha went down after meeting his eyes.

“Get away!”

She sat at the center of the table where the food was being brought out. She seemed to be her usual self.

“Let’s go, too.”

Raon stood up and signaled Runaan with his chin.

“Mhm.”

Runaan nodded and walked up to the table.

All kinds of tasty-looking foods were displayed. There were so many that he felt like the villagers must’ve strained themselves.

“There is still plenty of food left for you. Please eat to your heart’s content!”

“Thank you!”

“Please enjoy!”

Accepting the village chief and the villagers’ cheers, the trainees raised their hands and started to eat like a storm.

“Haa…”

Raon sighed softly. He felt uncomfortable about the food and the people’s smiles alike.

‘Tomorrow is going to be an important day.’

***

The next morning.

Burren left Cebu village, leading the trainees. The villagers kept following them for over twenty minutes and waved their hands.

‘I think everything ended well.’

Burren smiled, walking up the hill where they could see the village underneath.

‘It was perfect.’

They managed to perfectly wipe out the monsters in Cebu Mountain without any fatalities or injuries. All they had suffered were a few light wounds, so it could be considered perfect for his first time.

He took a glance in the back.

Raon was walking while looking down, with a thoughtful expression on his face. Without asking him to return the command, he kept following silently.

‘But of course.’

There was no flaw in his command. It was a perfect strategy except for Martha killing the orc shaman in the end.

‘I don’t know what he wanted to see, but he must be satisfied.’

Raon gave him the command, telling him to act like a Zieghart. He couldn’t have any complaints, no matter what he had wanted.

“Let’s walk faster!”

With their chests filled with satisfaction, Burren and the trainees walked towards the north, where Zieghart’s domain was located.

When the sun started moving down from the middle of the sky after walking for over five hours, Raon Zieghart—who had been silent—stepped forward.

“Stop, everyone.”

“Why, out of nowhere…?”

Burren closed his mouth upon seeing Raon’s eyes. The eyes, burning in red, were suffocating him.

“The real mission starts now.”

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 71


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

“Wh-what do you mean?!”

Burren’s eyes were full of disbelief.

“I mean just that.”

Raon walked to the front to meet every trainee's eyes.

“The mission isn’t over yet.”

“That’s what I’m asking! We’ve killed all the monsters, and even finished cleaning it up, so why is the mission still not over?”

“What was our mission?”

“Huh? That’s…”

Burren frowned, then opened his mouth again.

“The monster extermination and the village’s protection.”

“Yes. Our mission includes the village’s protection on top of the monster extermination.”

“But we’ve already finished it! It’s over since we’ve killed all the monsters!”

“No.”

Raon shook his head, and looked towards Cebu village, where they came from.

“We’ve been under observation until just now. The observing gaze went away about an hour ago.”

“Huh?”

“Wh-what do you mean?”

“Seriously?”

The surprised trainees stood up at once.

“I-it must be an instructor.”

Burren forced himself to twist the corners of his mouth. It seemed he couldn’t believe there was someone observing them.

“It must be an instructor who came to watch over us…”

“There’s no way I couldn’t tell who it was if it was an instructor’s presence. That presence observed not only us, but also the entire village. Moreover…”

Raon pointed at the road they had walked past.

“As soon as we went half a day’s distance away from the village, the presence disappeared. Towards the village, on top of that.”

“Which means… Is it another enemy?”

Burren’s jaw dropped. He looked at the village with trembling eyes.

“Is that true?”

Martha, who had been silent, stood up with a frown.

“I’m sure of it.”

“When did you start feeling that gaze?”

“As soon as we arrived at the hill from where we could see the village.”

“Wait! Then the reason you gave the command to Burren was…”

“Correct. I hid my presence in order to observe that gaze more clearly.”

“Huh…”

Martha gulped.

‘What the hell is he…?’

The hair at the back of her neck stood on end upon hearing Raon’s words.

Not only had he felt a gaze and presence that even she couldn’t feel, but he had also been investigating the gaze while hiding in the middle of the trainees by making Burren the top trainee. His perception and the depth of his thoughts were so astonishing that she couldn’t even speak.

“W-was that the reason why you gave me the command?”

“I thought you would manage the trainees better than me if you took command.”

“I-I…”

“You did perfectly as the top trainee, better than I’d thought. Thanks to that, they will think that you are the top trainee and shouldn’t have felt my presence. You really did great, worthy of Zieghart’s name like you said. I’ll suggest that you’re made vice-top trainee once we return.”

“That’s not what I meant.”

Burren’s lip quivered and he lowered his head.

‘Damn it!’

He was too embarrassed to raise his head.

‘I thought I did a great job…’

He believed Raon was speechless to his perfect performance, yet it wasn’t the case at all. He had been hiding behind in order to hold the observer, the one that no one had noticed, in check.

While he was focused on a small thing like the top trainee’s right to command, Raon had been watching something much further and higher up.

Crunch.

However, it was funny that he didn’t feel bad hearing Raon’s compliment.

It was a complicated feeling, a mixture of embarrassment and achievement.

“You probably didn’t know this, but orcs, goblins, and kobolds aren’t capable of cooperating. The ones that have been observing us must’ve done something with them.”

Without mentioning Eden, Raon told them about what he saw and felt.

“Our first mission is the village’s protection. Our mission hasn’t ended as we don’t know the intention of that observer.”

He grabbed his bag and stood up.

“We are returning to Cebu village. However, unlike before—when we casually walked in where anyone could notice—we are going to move silently, so that no one will notice us.”

He continued after glancing at everyone.

“It would be great to have something to camouflage ourselves with, but since we didn’t bring anything like that, let’s start with the steps…”

“I-I have something.”

Dorian, who had been out of his mind, raised his hand.

“What?”

“I have covers to hide our military outfits with, and bands to attach leaves on our clothes.”

“Having one or two of them won’t be of any use. It will make you stick out inst…”

“I have enough.”

Dorian took out a bunch of covers and bands from his belly pocket. Raon couldn’t understand what the hell was wrong with him, bringing all of that around.

“How did you…”

“I brought them just in case.”

“Are you saying you brought forty pieces of camouflage equipment just in case?”

“It’s better to be well prepared.”

“A-anyway, good job.”

“Yes!”

Dorian smiled happily at getting complimented by Raon for the first time. Then his face grew clouded once again since they were probably going to fight once they returned to the village.

“Since we have enough materials, start camouflaging yourselves the way you’ve learned in the training ground. Come back here in ten minutes, and…”

Raon raised his head after putting on the cover before anyone else.

“Krein.”

“Huh? Uuh!”

“Return to the Zieghart branch office immediately and convey to them exactly what I told you.”

“M-me?”

“You are the fastest.”

Even though Dorian was faster, something might happen where he is needed.

“A-alright!”

Probably because he was happy about being acknowledged, Krein nodded immediately and started running in the opposite direction of the village.

Raon watched him run for a moment, then turned his head.

“From now on, you must obey my orders no matter what. Refusal isn’t an option.”

***

***

“Everyone left.”

The man wearing a mask with an eyeball drowning on it knelt down.

“Are you sure?”

The young man holding a green helmet turned his head.

“Yes. I’ve confirmed their exit as they celebrated their victory for half a day. I’ve also checked the other side just in case, but there were no notable problems.”

“Then we can start now.”

The young man snickered, then equipped the patternless helmet.

“Restoration.”

He spoke as if he were chanting, then green rusty water flowed down under the helmet.

Fizzle!

Enormous muscles expanded from his arms and chest, his fingers growing as hard as steel and his legs growing as thick as tree roots.

What he was wearing wasn’t normal knight armor.

It was the grotesque armor of an orc, and not just any orc—a fighter orc that stood on the frontlines of the orc raiders.

Sparkle!

Red eyes, full of murderous intent, shone from the orc fighter’s helmet.

“Krrrrrr!”

A grotesque roar burst from his throat. It wasn’t a human’s voice, but a sound made by a monster.

The orcs came running out from behind him, as if they were answering the roar.

The man pointed towards Cebu village with a hand surrounded by a threatening red energy.

“Krrrrrr!”

“Kieeee!”

The orcs ran down the mountain, all while screaming in hostility. Their movements were incomparably fiercer than when the trainees were killing them.

“Krrr.”

The man wearing the orc fighter armor smiled savagely and watched the monsters rushing to the village like a tidal wave.

***

Raon and the trainees arrived at the hill, where they could see the whole village underneath.

“Nothing happened yet, though.”

Burren frowned upon seeing the village. There was nothing but smoke, showing how peaceful it was.

“Just wait. And lower your voice and body.”

“Hmm…”

Hearing Raon’s command, Burren closed his mouth and leaned forward.

“You must be extremely careful from now on, including your breathing. We might be annihilated the moment we get found out.”

“Hmm…”

“Hup!”

The trainees covered their mouths with their trembling hands.

“You are exaggerating…”

“It doesn’t matter what happens, right? Since we are Ziegharts…”

However, a few collaterals that didn’t believe Raon complained. They were full of confidence, carried away by their first victory.

“Silence. You can complain once everything becomes clear.”

The collaterals only shut their mouths and sat down after Burren told them to.

“Fill your stomach in advance with jerky, then put on your winter clothes. We won’t be able to start a fire even if it gets cold at night.”

The trainees followed Raon’s command, albeit complaining slightly.

As such, the sun set on Cebu Mountain, and the dark night came.

Under the pitch-dark mountain, hundreds of red lights shone. Green monsters poured out alongside with the ruby colored lights.

“Eek!”

“O-orcs! They are monsters!”

“It was true?”

The trainees gulped, seeing the orcs’ brutal eyes.

“Hmm…”

Burren bit his dry lip. They had thoroughly investigated Cebu Mountain and the surrounding area, and no monsters had been found. It didn’t make any sense that so many monsters had appeared in such a short time.

‘He was right.’

Just like Raon had said, monsters that were even more powerful and ferocious than the ones they had exterminated were rushing towards the village.

Ding Ding Ding!

The villager standing watch on the wooden fence rang the bell. The village that was buried in darkness lit up and grew noisy.

“Damn it!”

Burren stood up, grit his teeth. He breathed out roughly while drawing his sword.

“Let’s go. Let’s put an end to it this time for sure…”

“Sit down.”

Raon gestured with his chin with a frightening gaze.

“What?”

“I told you already. There was a gaze observing us. That wasn’t something like a monster, but a human. Their identity wasn’t revealed yet.”

“B-but Cebu village’s forces can’t defend against that many orcs!”

“Even then, we are going to stand by. We are going to be the ones annihilated at a single mistake.”

It was an accurate decision without being swayed by the emotions. They shouldn’t make their move until they could properly identify the enemy's numbers and power.

“You said that already! Our mission is the village’s protection! We have to move immediately!”

“The instructor also mentioned that giving up or withdrawing are also a viable choice in the mission. Now isn’t the right time to move.”

“I-I can’t stand watching it.”

Burren’s hand holding the sword trembled.

“Letting them die like that isn’t something a Zieghart swordsman would do!”

The orcs’ charge was reflected in his green eyes.

“You are right.”

“We are Ziegharts. We can’t withdraw after seeing the weak in a predicament.”

“Even if they are Eden?”

Raon’s composed voice cut into the trainees’ words full of passion.

“E-Eden? Eden from the Five Demons?”

“Are you saying they are those lunatics?”

“Eden is famous for controlling monsters. There’s no way that many monsters would suddenly appear unless Eden is involved.”

“Uh…”

“Wh-why the Five Demons…”

The trainees’ eyes blurred as if they were being eroded upon hearing that their enemy was Eden of the Five Demons. Everyone knew just how powerful and frightening an organization Eden was.

“I know about Eden’s power. They didn’t attack us back then, which means they are afraid of Zieghart’s name.”

Burren clenched his fist so tightly that it could bleed.

“I can’t show my back and run away from such people. I believe drawing my sword here for them is what a Zieghart swordsman should do.”

“I’m not telling you to not help them whatsoever. We need to first understand the situation, then decide if we can fight…”

“That would be too late. Half of the villagers would be dead by then.”

He looked at Raon with trembling eyes.

“You know, I’ve acknowledged you. After watching your efforts, I acknowledged you in my heart as the one more befitting to the Zieghart name than me! But this is wrong! I’m going to help the village, even if that means I have to fight you when you try to stop me.”

Burren drew his sword. His well-polished sword reflected his resolute face under the moonlight.

“You don’t have to follow me. Follow me if you agree with me!”

He ran down the hill, surrounded by a green aura and unbreakable will.

“We shall go as well. Let’s show the Five Demons how powerful Zieghart's sword is!”

“Tsk.”

When Raon clicked his tongue, somebody stood up next to him.

“I’m going to go too.”

Runaan ran down the hill, surrounded by a blue frost.

“We will follow you!”

The trainees from vassal families drew their swords and stuck next to her.

“L-let’s go as well!”

“You are right. We are also Zieghart’s trainees!”

The commoner trainees that were affected by Burren and Runaan’s conviction also drew their swords and ran towards the village’s light.

More than half of them had left, but Raon wasn’t flustered.

‘Because I knew this would happen.’

He already knew the trainees were those kinds of people. Having them run down to help them was also a part of his plan.

He had even used aura to specifically send Runaan a message to go down to help Burren.

However, the most unexpected person was staying.

“Why are you not going?”

Raon turned around to look at Martha, who was leaning back against a tree.

“I told you already. I’ll follow your instructions on this mission, regardless of what they are.”

Raon could see the sincerity in her shining black eyes. It seemed she had her own conviction.

“I see.”

Raon snickered.

“Then what are you going to do now? Are you just going to spectate them from here?”

“No, we are going to move as well.”

Raon shook his head and stood up. The orcs had already reached the wooden fence.

It looked like a red mist was shimmering from the people’s fear and the orcs’ madness.

“But instead of moving openly like them, we are going to hide our presence. Warm yourself up so you can move whenever it is necessary.”

After giving out his instructions, he glared halfway up Cebu Mountain instead of at Cebu village. A powerful and thick murderous intent was wavering over there.

‘He must be there.’

He could stop the trainees, but the reason he let them do as they pleased was simple.

Because he managed to identify the man over there.

A monster that had borrowed an orc fighter’s strength and combative spirit was looking down on the village from midway up the mountain.

It would be difficult to win against him if he fought him head on, but assassination was a different story.

‘I’m more than capable of killing him as long as they keep his attention.’

Raon turned his wrist, shining his red eyes as the moon floated in the sky.

‘This is going to be a long night.’

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 72


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

“What are those insects?”

The man wearing the orc fighter armor growled like a beast. He was looking at Burren and Runaan, who were running down to Cebu village.

“Th-they are Zieghart trainees.”

The Red Eye Demon, who was wearing a mask with an eye drawn on it, knelt and answered.

“I’m sure you said that those brats had returned.”

Murderous intent could be felt from his voice. It was completely different from his usual calm and composed voice.

“I-I’m sure they left. I came back after confirming that fact…”

“That means somebody among them had realized you were tailing them. What an idiot.”

The man raised his feet and smacked his shoulder.

“Keuh!”

The masked man groaned without moving, despite one of his shoulders being crushed.

“Tsk.”

The man clicked his tongue violently, then stood on the boulder.

The Zieghart trainees had already arrived at the village and were running towards the wooden fence that was being broken through.

“Are those two the ones?”

Runaan and Burren killed the orcs that were breaking the fences in a single strike. The man breathed out roughly while watching them.

“P-probably not. There was a black-haired girl who was better than them.”

“Where is she?”

“Judging from the way she can’t be found anywhere, she must be hiding somewhere and watching.”

“Hmm…”

The man wearing the orc fighter armor crossed his arms and looked down on the village.

“They fight well.”

The Zieghart trainees drew a line, as if they made a formation, and were killing all the orcs that went over the wooden fence.

“They aren’t going to be enough to break through.”

Looking back at the masked man, he gestured with his chin.

“Send the green demons.”

“Pardon? Didn’t you say that you wouldn’t meddle with Ziegharts…?”

“Do you think they came back here without doing anything after noticing you? They must’ve sent a reinforcement request to the branch office, and it’s too late to stop it. The best course of action right now is to finish the job here as soon as possible, then leave after burning everything to the ground.”

“…Understood.”

The masked man nodded, disappearing into the shadows.

“Hmm…”

The man went down the mountain while flexing his wrist. A smile appeared on his mouth that could be seen slightly.

“To have returned despite having been spared, your luck must’ve ended after being chosen by the Ziegharts.”

***

Slash!

Burren cut the orc running towards him in half, then jumped over the half-destroyed wooden fence.

“Stand in front of the wooden fence! People will be in danger if the orcs come over the fence!”

“Yes!”

The collateral trainees answered loud and clear, creating a formation in front of the wooden fence.

Whir!

Burren turned his head, noticing the frost spreading from his left side.

It was Runaan. The frost on her sword also covered the ground, hindering the orcs’ movements.

Clank!

The frost spread into the air, shedding blood, and the orcs collapsed—unable to do anything.

‘That’s unexpected.’

Runaan always stuck next to Raon, so the fact that she had come with him without following his opinion was unexpected.

‘But I’m glad.’

The orcs’ numbers were one thing, but their ferocity was on a different level than the ones they had faced the day before.

If Runaan and the trainees from the vassal families weren’t there, the wooden fence would’ve been completely broken by then, resulting in many casualties in the village.

“Don’t take the orcs’ attacks head on! Deflect them, then counterattack!”

While giving out appropriate instructions, Burren kept slashing the orcs. Since he had already done it before, it wasn’t too difficult to command the troops according to the situation.

‘We should be able to stop them at this rate.’

Even though the orcs were stronger, the trainees were more than enough to defend against them since they had the experience of fighting them.

‘However…’

If they were really Eden like Raon had said, that wasn’t going to be the end of it. For sure…

Rustle.

While Burren was thinking about the future, the forest in front of the village started to move.

‘No, it’s not the forest.’

Mysterious men hiding their entire bodies with green hooded robes popped up from the forest. They numbered over forty at a rough count.

“Green demons!”

Burren screamed, gripping his sword tightly.

‘Damn it! They were really Eden.’

The green demons were Eden’s lesser warriors, and they possessed the characteristics of orcs, goblins, and kobolds.

“Runaan!”

While raising his aura to the extreme, he called for Runaan.

“We are going to fight in front. Support us from behind!”

“Mhm.”

Runaan immediately responded, spreading an even thicker frost towards the approaching green demons.

Smack! Smaack!

The orcs drew the axes from off their backs and around their waists, swinging them towards the trainees.

“Deflect the blows!”

Burren deflected the axe with his sword and cut off the green demon’s head.

Splash!

The sensation of cutting through human flesh gave him goosebumps, but he endured it by biting his lip.

“Don’t consider them human! Cut their heads off in a single strike!”

Even in his flustered state, Burren was properly using the Zieghart swordsmanship. He advanced while sending out sharp strikes.

“Haa!”

Runaan spread the frost from her sword towards Burren and the trainees that were advancing.

Whir!

The frost went past them, dropping down on the green demon’s heads.

Crack!

The green demons’ clothes and skin were frozen and their movements slowed.

“Do it now! Charge!”

Burren wasn’t just commanding them. He was the first one to charge onto the green demons, starting to kill them.

“We can win!”

His chest stung despite saying that. There were still many green demons left, and the trainees were getting tired.

Moreover…

Swoosh!

The green demons who had goblins and kobold’s characteristics didn’t approach them. Instead, they started firing poison needles, or spreading poison mists.

“Cover your mouths!”

Burren took his clothes to cover his nose and mouth, then parried the poison needles fired at him.

“Ugh!”

“Keuh!”

“D-damn it!”

Since there were too many green demons firing the poison needles and there were multiple green demons approaching them, the trainees started to step back one by one.

“Keuh…”

Burren breathed out roughly. His head felt dizzy from parrying the poison needles and fighting while holding his breath.

“Haa!”

“Kieee!”

The green demons were cunning. The moment Runaan’s frost spread, they stepped back and started throwing poison needles and poison smoke.

“Huff!”

“Ugh!”

Upon inhaling the poison smoke, the trainees’ limbs started wobbling.

“H-hold on! We still…”

He felt like the command he had just given was in vain. The strength left his arms and his legs trembled.

‘A-at this rate…’

They couldn’t last for long. As the word annihilation kept coming back to his mind, a powerful energy burst up from the left side.

Bang!

***

***

A yellow aura crushed against them like a tornado to defeat all the green demons, and Martha Zieghart was standing there alone.

“Kill them all!”

Following Martha’s command, the trainees that remained next to Raon rushed onto the battlefield.

“N-now is the time! Kill them all!”

Burren grit his teeth and brandished his sword. The trainees, including him, had inhaled poison smoke. However, he couldn’t miss the opportunity.

“Go for it!”

At Martha’s aura-filled strike, the green demons’ axes and swords were shattered.

‘It's perfect timing.’
