
However, he didn’t feel comfortable on the inside.

‘He is recovering his power even faster.’

Wrath’s energy was getting stronger and stronger. If Raon couldn’t get stronger faster than him, Wrath would end up eating him up.

“Haa.”

Krrrr!

Raon and Wrath were preparing to devour each other despite being at a close distance to each other.

***

The next day, Raon woke up after noon, then went outside.

When he looked at the village, the reconstruction had advanced a little. It seemed the swordsmen from the branch and the trainees had been working on it throughout the night and the morning.

“You woke up.”

Branch Manager Brukas, who was around the wooden fence, came up to Raon.

His gaze was different from the day before. He was looking at him like a mysterious animal.

It seemed he heard the story about him killing the Green War Demon and fighting the Blood Raving Demon from the other trainees.

“How is your body?”

“It’s a lot better now.”

Raon nodded slowly. He wasn’t sure what kind of medicine Rimmer had used, but the broken bone was reattached, and the flesh was regrowing on his torn waist and thigh.

It seemed he could return to his normal state soon enough, as long as he focused on his recovery once he returned.

“You did really great. You killed the Green War Demon at the age of fifteen and survived a fight against the Blood Raving Demon. It’s nothing short of being called an achievement.”

Brukas swallowed, giving him a thumbs up.

‘No, it’s more than an achievement.’

No one would believe that a trainee yet to become a swordsman managed to kill the Green War Demon from Eden and fought against the Blood Raving Demon for more than ten minutes.

Even if he returned to the house and spread the news, the majority wouldn’t believe it.

He examined Raon carefully. He was severely wounded, wrapped in bandages, yet he didn’t show any weakness on the outside nor complain about it.

He could only be amazed and wonder what he had to go through to have that much patience and might at that age.

“We are going to take care of the rest here, so you shall return to the house with the trainees. We did first aid, but many of you are severely wounded—including you. You should return and get treated properly.”

“I see, thank you for your consideration.”

“We are Ziegharts, after all.”

Brukas smiled lightly and waved his hand.

“Well, then.”

Raon bowed slightly and went to the other trainees.

“……”

Brukas stared at Raon’s back blankly.

‘He held his ground against the Blood Raving Demon…’

Even though he was an intermediate Expert, he wasn’t confident he could survive for five minutes against the Blood Raving Demon.

The story about Raon fighting against him for ten minutes after letting the trainees escape was both surprising and impressive at the same time.

‘He looks huge.’

Even though he was a young boy less than half his age, his back looked huge to him.

‘Anyway.’

Brukas smiled, looking up at the sun shining upon the world from the middle of the sky.

‘There’s going to be an uproar in the house.’

***

***

Runaan ran up to Raon like a puppy that saw food. After checking his entire body, her eyes drooped.

“Does it hurt?”

“It doesn’t anymore.”

Raon shook his head and smiled. It wasn’t a lie since the pain had really subsided significantly.

“Really?”

“You don’t need to worry anymore.”

“Mhm.”

The corners of Runaan’s mouth were slightly lifted. It seemed she had gotten slightly better at expressing her emotions.

“We are going to return to the house, so tell everyone to prepare to depart.”

“Alright.”

She visibly nodded, then ran towards where the other trainees were.

“Are we going to return right away?”

Burren, who was watching them, approached him silently.

“Yes. The branch manager told us to return since he is going to take care of the rest.”

“Hah, where the hell did our instructor go?”

Burren frowned and kicked the ground.

“Is your body really alright?”

“The wounds still remain, but they are recovering.”

“Make sure to recover completely, since I need to defeat you in your perfect state.”

“Even though you saw that?”

“Because I saw that.”

His blue eyes were unwavering, as if a boulder was weighing down on them.

“I’m not going to give up or withdraw. If I can’t walk then I’ll crawl, if that means I can chase after you.”

His voice contained an unbreakable will. It seemed Burren had also grown up throughout the mission.

“And.”

“Hmm?”

“I silenced those that know you can use the ice aura. Since you saved their lives, they aren’t going to reveal your secret.”

“Ah.”

Raon’s lips parted.

‘He even did that for me?’

He thought he had no choice but to reveal he had two auras, but it seemed Burren had stopped the trainees from talking about it for him.

Raon was dumbfounded, since it was completely unexpected.

“You shouldn’t be surprised. I just did what I could since you saved my life.”

Burren scratched the side of his nose and turned around.

“I’ll prepare for departure. You should rest a bit more.”

After saying that, he went to where the other trainees were.

‘He really changed a lot.’

He had changed so much that it was difficult to believe he was full of jealousy when he first met him.

Raon thought the fifth training ground’s miracle might have been Burren, instead of himself.

“Hmm.”

Raon packed up his belongings and went towards the village center.

“We need to repair that properly, so just pile up the wood for now!”

The slightly injured village chief was commanding the villagers.

“It’s dangerous if you pile it up vertically, so put it next to… Oh! Benefactor!”

Upon noticing Raon, he quickly ran up to him.

“A-are you alright? You are severely injured because of me…”

“It wasn’t because of you, village chief.”

“But you fought against that monster in order to save this worthless man. I really don’t know how I can thank you.”

The village chief knelt and lowered his head.

“……”

Watching the village chief expressing his gratitude, he reminisced on when he first met the Blood Raving Demon.

‘That time…’

The moment the Blood Raving Demon attacked them, he instinctively hugged the village chief and stepped back. His body had moved on its own, despite knowing that he would get injured.

‘I wonder why I did that.’

It wasn’t actually necessary to do that.

Since he had already gotten the goblin king’s magic stone and heard the story, there was no reason to save him.

Yet he had saved him, getting injured in the process.

‘I’m changing.’

It could be because of Sylvia, or Rimmer, or the children, or the circumstances.

Regardless of the reason, he was going through a change.

And he didn’t dislike it. It felt like the clothes called emotions were being put on an empty wooden doll.

“Please stand up.”

Raon smiled lightly and made the shivering village chief stand. His old eyes were filled with deep emotions and gratitude.

“Just like I said before, I’ll take this gemstone, since they might come after it again if left alone.”

“Please, go ahead!”

The village chief firmly nodded his head.

“Don’t talk about it carelessly, and if somebody visits you looking for the gem, tell them Zieghart took it along with a few other objects.”

“I see!”

The village chief nodded. He looked like he just received a god’s revelation.

Why are you saying that? Can’t you tell him everything?

‘It’s better that he doesn’t know.’

He needed to erase the information about Eden looking for the gem by taking other objects on top of the gem.

‘I can sell this information for a high price.’

Raon grinned. He wasn’t going to miss an opportunity to sell Eden's information to Glenn.

***

The trainees left Cebu village, accepting the villagers' heartfelt cheers.

Burren led the trainees from the front instead of the injured Raon, and Runaan followed right behind Raon like a duckling.

Martha was walking on her own like always, but she was deep in thought with cloudy eyes.

Raon carefully examined his surroundings, standing at the center.

‘My perception has increased thanks to the stats.’

Thanks to having killed the Green War Demon and the Blood Raving Demon, as well as the stats he extorted from Wrath, his perception had gotten significantly better.

The range had increased, and it became easier to find people that were hiding their presence.

He felt like he could find a Red Eye Demon’s location in no time if one was hiding nearby.

Upon increasing the range of his perception to prepare for Eden’s attack, just in case, he found one person’s presence.

‘Rimmer!’

He could feel Rimmer’s refreshing wind. He was still watching over the trainees instead of returning.

‘I guess that’s normal.’

Since Eden or another organization might attack them, it was as plain as day that he would decide to stay.

Pfft.

Rimmer’s presence suddenly vanished, like an extinguishing candlelight. It seemed he noticed he was detected.

‘He is really peculiar.’

Raon snickered and followed the trainees after erasing his aura perception.

A moment later.

Rimmer came down from the tree on the path the trainee went down. He shook his head with an expression of disbelief.

“That monstrous guy…”

He knew Raon had grown tremendously during the last few days, but he didn’t expect him to see through his concealment.

“I wonder how he is going to react if I tell him about this.”

Rimmer grinned, thinking about Glenn’s dignified expression.

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 83


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

“Why are you in such rough shape?”

Glenn raised his chin, watching Rimmer kneel down awkwardly in front of him.

“The balance between your body and energy has been broken even further. What have you done this time?”

“It wasn’t my fault.”

“Whatever.”

Glenn frowned and narrowed his eyes. His aura split apart like knitting wools and burrowed into Rimmer’s body.

Whir.

The pain in his mana circuit and energy center caused by opening the Sword Field started to subside.

“Huh…”

Rimmer gasped.

‘Did he get even stronger?’

He managed to fix his body’s balance from just controlling his aura. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that Glenn was already at a demigod’s level.

‘No, he was already at that level.’

Glenn had never shown his true strength in about ten years. It was more accurate to say that it was a portion of his true ability, rather than that he'd gotten stronger.

Whir.

After soothing his muscles, bones and internal organs, Glenn’s aura disappeared like smoke. His body had gotten a lot better.

“Thank you.”

Rimmer stopped fidgeting with his fingers and bowed to him properly.

“Don’t mention it. I don’t want to see you trembling like that when you are already weak as you are.”

“Huhu, I’ll be counting on you in the future.”

“Stop your pleasantries and get to the point.”

“Ah, you are right.”

He raised his head and smiled.

“I brought news about your grandson that my lord has been looking forward to.”

“……”

Glenn looked down on Rimmer indifferently, not responding.

“Do you want me to tell you about it already?”

Rimmer giggled and raised his body.

“Actually, something interesting happened during the mission.”

“Interesting?”

“Yes, Eden was in Cebu village.”

“What do you mean by that?”

Glenn’s pupils dilated. It seemed the news managed to surprise him despite him being at a demigod’s level.

“Considering the branch office didn’t manage to notice them despite having examined Cebu village and Cebu Mountain beforehand, they must’ve arrived after their investigation.”

“Get to the point, quickly.”

“All right. I’ll tell you what happened from the start. I found a Red Eye Demon upon arriving there before anyone else. After wondering what to do, I decided to leave the matter to the children. Then…”

Rimmer nodded and told him about what happened in Cebu.

“…When I reached that place, Raon was holding his ground against the Blood Raving Demon despite his ruined body.”

“Blood Raving Demon? Do you think that makes any sense…”

“That’s correct. It doesn’t make any sense. A fifteen-year-old trainee killed the Green War Demon and survived the Blood Raving Demon’s fist? Anyone would be criticized for telling such a story. However!”

He raised his long finger.

“It’s the truth. I witnessed it, the trainees witnessed it, and the villagers witnessed it as well. I’m sure the head of house will also realize it upon seeing Raon. He is already at the novice level Sword Expert.”

“You said he survived. How is his body, then?”

Despite being a transcender, Glenn’s eyes were filled with question and worry.

“I told you such amazing news, yet you are just worrying about his body. I guess he’s not your family for nothing.”

“Silence, just answer my question.”

“His left arm was broken, and his muscles were torn. I heard he took the first blow while trying to save the village chief.”

“Hmm…”

Glenn’s mouth twisted slightly upon hearing it.

“It’s been a while since I saw that expression. I guess you are proud of your grandson and worried at the same time.”

“How is he right now?”

“I gave him the Elvrin sap. He will return sturdier than ever.”

“That’s.”

Glenn narrowed his eyes. Elvrin was the name of the second World Tree, and its sap was a priceless treasure.

“Since he was heavily injured, he wasn’t going to recover perfectly if I didn’t take proper measures quickly. And what can I say? It didn’t feel like a waste at all.”

Rimmer shrugged his shoulders.

“Where are the trainees right now?”

“They should arrive at the house in one or two days.”

“We are going to hold the house conference as soon as they return. Summon the division leaders in advance.”

“Understood.”

Glenn ordered while closing his eyes, and Roenn, who was standing still in surprise stepped up.

‘Raon, we can extort a lot.’

Rimmer grinned, seeing Glenn’s expression.

“Rimmer.”

“Ah, yes?”

Glenn’s voice suddenly spoke up when he thought it was over.

“Why did you go there instead of sending another instructor?”

“I just… Wanted to watch the children’s growth.”

“I see…”

Glenn scratched his chin and continued.

“Good job. And well done.”

“Oh? How long has it been since the last time you complimented me? It’s been almost twenty years…”

“You would’ve been complimented more often if you didn’t act like a fool.”

“Hahaha! That’s true.”

Rimmer burst out in laughter. He couldn’t even remember when he last laughed genuinely in front of the head of house, and he saw the head of house’s visible smile.

It felt like the house had started moving once again, thanks to Raon.

***

***

Raon and the trainees managed to arrive in front of Zieghart’s front gate after fifteen days.

Rumble!

Along with a ground shaking noise, the massive silver gate was swung open.

The gatekeeper swordsmen were standing still behind it, guarding the gate and the castle walls.

It was the same sight as when they had left on the mission.

However, one thing had changed.

The eyes of the gatekeeper swordsmen used to be as adamant as stone status, but they were now filled with surprise and curiosity.

“Welcome back.”

The guard captain’s voice had also changed. He wasn’t treating them as novice trainees, but real swordsmen that had returned from a mission.

“Thank you.”

Raon bowed at the gatekeepers and narrowed his eyes.

‘Rimmer spread the story.’

It was obvious. Since the people from the branch were still in Cebu village, it must’ve been Rimmer who told everyone about it.

“I’m sure you want to rest, but there’s a place you have to visit beforehand. Everyone shall go to the lord’s manor, the lord is waiting for you.”

“Pardon?”

“Lord’s manor?”

“The head of house is waiting?”

Upon hearing that the head of house had summoned them, the trainees’ eyes widened.

The guard captain pointed towards the lord’s manor and ordered the gate closed.

“Let’s go.”

Since Raon had already expected it, he nodded and led the trainees towards the lord’s manor.

Everyone stood still and watched them as they passed the main street.

Raon could even hear their whispers, thanks to his improved perception.

“That’s him, right? Raon Zieghart.”

“Did he really defeat the Green War Demon, despite being that small?”

“That’s nothing. I heard he withstood the Blood Raving Demon’s attacks.”

“I can’t really feel his pressure, though. Is he really an Expert? I think he is more like an advanced level User.”

“Maybe it’s another false rumor from Rimmer?”

“Rimmer is lazy, but he didn’t sink so low as to spread a false rumor.”

They were cheerfully making a fuss about whether Rimmer’s story was true or not.

“Haa.”

Raon sighed lightly and entered the lord’s manor.

“Congratulations on your return after a successful mission.”

Glenn’s butler, Roenn, bowed his head. The other servants also lowered their heads after him.

‘Certainly…’

Their reaction hadn’t changed from before, probably because they were the real deal.

“Please, come this way. Everyone is waiting.”

“Does ‘everyone’ mean…”

“On top of the head of house, there are also the division leaders.”

“Hmm…”

“Th-the division leaders?”

“Oh, no…”

Raon turned around hearing a light groan. The trainees were licking their dry lips with nervous expressions.

“You don’t need to be nervous. We just need to tell them what happened, that’s all.”

“That’s correct. You just need to convey what you saw and experienced during the mission.”

Roenn nodded with a bright smile.

‘He is indeed different.’

He had seen countless talents while assisting Glenn, but it was his first time seeing a boy like Raon.

He wasn’t ignorant of the importance of the situation because of his young age. He was fully aware of it, yet he was completely calm and composed. His mindset was truly outstanding.

“Please, come this way.”

Roenn bowed slightly and guided them through the wide hallway.

“Let’s go.”

Raon followed right behind Roenn, heading to the audience chamber. The audience chamber’s door was already open, exuding frightening pressure from the inside.

“Haa.”

He breathed out, then entered. The throne was the only chair on the platform, unlike during the Judgment Ceremony, and swordsmen he had never seen before were standing in a single line underneath.

‘They are Zieghart’s squad and division leaders.’

Their pressures were sending a chill down his spine. The energy and spirit they possessed was different from average people.

‘And…’

He could feel it even more clearly now that he was at the Expert level.

Glenn Zieghart.

His tremendous energy was too much for him to properly perceive. It seemed as if his energy, emanating from the audience chamber, was reaching the entirety of Zieghart’s domain.

‘How fearsome.’

In that place, where powerful people were gathered, he was the only one standing on a different dimension.

“Greeting my lord!”

Raon knelt at the center of the audience chamber and bowed his head.

“Greeting my lord!”

The trainees followed him, bowing in the same posture.

“Rise.”

They all raised their heads, feeling Glenn’s heavy voice in their heart.

“Raon Zieghart.”

“Yes.”

“I heard you were at the center of the Cebu village incident. Tell me about it in detail.”

“Understood.”

Raon stood up while organizing his thoughts.

“Once we reached Cebu village, I could feel somebody observing us. I first thought it was one of the instructors, but that wasn’t the case. In order to obtain more accurate information…”

He opened his mouth after meeting the eyes of everyone; the squad and division leaders standing at the very back, Rimmer who was yawning, and Glenn.

“While I was prepared to meet my end—having exhausted my strength from stopping the Blood Raving Demon—I managed to survive thanks to Instructor Rimmer, who came to help.”

“……”

The whole audience chamber fell silent, as heavy as a lump of steel.

“My lord.”

Burren’s father and Glenn’s second son, Karoon Zieghart raised his chin.

“Do you think that makes any sense at all? They are just fifteen- or sixteen-year-old children. The Green War Demon would’ve been enough to annihilate them, yet he stood his ground against the Blood Raving Demon! It can be nothing other than nonsense!”

“But big brother, the branch has also reported to us that multiple traces of Eden have been found.”

“I told you I witnessed it. Is it that hard to believe?”

Rimmer snorted while picking his ears.

“That’s the problem to start with! How am I supposed to believe a cripple like you managed to defeat the Blood Raving Demon! Give me the proof…”

Clank!

The sudden sound of metal directed everyone’s gaze towards Raon.

Two lumps of metal were lying in front of him. They were the Green War Demon and the Blood Raving Demon’s helmets.

“Green War Demon and Blood Raving Demon’s helmets…”

“W-was it actually true?”

“Hmm…”

The division leaders’ eyes widened upon seeing the helmets.

“Eden’s helmets aren’t the problem! What I’m asking you is how you managed to kill them! A surprise attack? You aren’t even an assassin, so how was it even supposed to be possible!”

Raon couldn’t say that he used to be an assassin.

“My lord.”

Instead of looking at Karoon or the other division leaders, Raon looked up at Glenn, who was in front of him.

“Can I draw my sword?”

Glenn nodded very lightly.

“Thank you.”

Raon bowed his head and drew his sword from his waist. Crimson flame flared up from the silver damaged blade.

Roar!

The flame surrounding the blade lit up the entire audience chamber like the intense flame burning inside the furnace.

“A-aura blade, and such a flame on top of it…”

“I’m sure I heard it was a very tiny flame, though.”

“Is he a Sword Expert? At that age?”

“N-nonsense…”

“His level seems enough to fight equally against the Green War Demon.”

The division leaders’ eyes widened in surprise upon seeing Raon’s aura blade.

“I told you already. That guy’s a monster.”

Rimmer giggled, watching the astonished division leaders.

Glenn Zieghart’s expression didn’t seem to have changed at all. However, those who knew him well could notice the corner of his lips twitching.

Whap!

Raon lowered his sword, burning in a crimson flame, and raised his chin.

“Was that enough of an explanation?”

There was no response to his words.

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 84


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

“Aura blade…”

Karoon gulped, watching the flame surrounding Raon’s sword.

'Was it actually true that he was at a novice level Expert?’

Raon’s level was strangely difficult to guess. He thought he was an advanced level Aura User, yet he was using the aura blade, which was the symbol of an Expert.

To be able to use an aura blade at the age of fifteen… He was certainly one of the best geniuses of the continent, or a monster.

‘But even an Expert wouldn’t be able to fight against the Blood Raving Demon.’

Expert was certainly a level that could be called powerful. However, it wasn’t that great at the continent’s scale.

“Even if you are an Expert, the Blood Raving Demon is a Master. You definitely could not hold your ground against him at your level. Same goes for defeating the Green War Demon! Spit out the tru…”

“Father.”

Burren, who was kneeling behind Raon, stepped forward.

“I witnessed it. Raon killed the Green War Demon and stood against the Blood Raving Demon in order to buy time for our and the villagers’ escape, despite having injured an arm.”

“He’s right.”

Runaan stepped forth, following Burren and nodding. Her gaze was directed to her father, Rokan Sullion, on her right side.

“I never permitted you to open your mouth!”

Karoon glared at Burren, with an expression of looking at a trained animal rather than his son.

“Huh. I don’t even know what you want if you can’t even believe your son. You are so stubborn that nothing can get through to you. I wonder how you even eat and poop, the way you are.”

“Shut your mouth, Rimmer.”

Karoon glared at the shrugging Rimmer as if he wanted to kill him.

“What you did is the most problematic part. There’s no way you could’ve killed the Blood Raving Demon with that broken body, unless you are scamming us…”

“Then shall we fight? I also want to see how amazing the Central Martial Palace master is after such a long time.”

“Fine, I’ll cut that thin neck right away…”

“Stop.”

An overwhelmingly heavy voice interrupted Rimmer and Karoon’s bickering.

“Hup!”

“Ugh…”

“Keuh…”

The tremendous presence was making everyone’s spines tense.

“Top trainee Raon Zieghart, and every trainee of the fifth training ground, shall listen.”

Glenn raised his chin from the hand supporting it and continued, looking down at everyone.

“You did excellent.”

“Huh?”

“Father?”

“My lord…”

Glenn’s unexpected compliment made everyone’s jaws drop; the division leaders, the heads of vassal families, and even the trainees.

Everyone inside the audience chamber looked at Glenn with bewildered expressions.

It was a natural reaction.

Glenn Zieghart was a cold-blooded person, one that was stingier than anyone with his compliments.

‘Good job’ was the best he would say, no matter how difficult the mission one had accomplished, and he hadn’t said ‘excellent’ to anyone in decades.

“I got the first report from Rimmer, then another from the branch officer that investigated the Cebu area, and they all are in agreement with the third report I’m getting from you.”

Glenn raised his right hand, the one used to support his chin.

“Firstly, you noticed the existence of enemies and didn’t take any reckless actions.”

He folded his index finger.

“Secondly, you tried to grasp the enemies instead of trying to fight them immediately after returning.”

He folded his middle finger this time.

“Thirdly, you weakened the enemy with a surprise attack after waiting for the best moment and ended the Green War Demon’s life with a hidden strike.”

Each time Glenn folded a finger, the division leaders’ eyes became wider.

“And finally, you stood in front of an unwinnable enemy in order to let your allies and civilians escape.”

His eyes shone red, as he folded his four fingers.

“Your decisions were appropriate, like those of a seasoned warrior. There were no casualties among the trainees or the villagers thanks to your accurate decisions. And…”

Glenn looked at the trainees behind Raon.

“You also acted like true swordsmen of Zieghart. The reason that Zieghart can be the way it is right now is thanks to the people supporting from below.”

“Hmm…”

“My lord…”

Roenn and Rimmer nodded firmly.

“We aren’t a kingdom, but we are reigning over the north as more than a kingdom. That’s why we need to protect the people living in this land. No one would be willing to follow us otherwise. Good job, everyone.”

“Th-thank you!”

“Thank you!”

Burren, Runaan, Martha, and the trainees shouted while sticking their heads on the ground.

“Uuuu!”

“My lord!”

The trainees trembled upon receiving a compliment from the god. Burren was even shedding tears.

“I’m going to grant a bronze tablet to you all.”

“Thank you!”

The trainees hit their heads on the ground so hard they could have bled.

“And Raon Zieghart, who created and dealt with the entire situation, shall be granted a silver tablet.”

“Thank you.”

Raon also knelt and bowed, following the other trainees.

“Tsh.”

“Tsk.”

Some division leaders weren’t pleased with Raon receiving a silver tablet, but no one could step up since it was Glenn’s direct decree.

“Roenn.”

“Yes.”

Roenn took the wide board placed on the table at his right side, going up onto the platform.

Glenn lifted the cloth covering the board, revealing the forty-two copper and one silver tablet underneath.

“Burren Zieghart, step forward.”

“Ah, yes! Undershtood!”

Burren bit his tongue while responding, but he acted as if nothing happened and walked up to the platform.

“Fighting for those we need to protect was the right thing to do. However.”

Burren’s mouth froze upon hearing him say ‘however’.

“Rushing in without trying to identify the enemy's strength is no different than a beast. You shall broaden your horizons and take a wider view of the situation.”

Glenn looked over Burren at all the other trainees and continued.

“This is directed to all of you.”

“Yes!”

After giving the bronze tablet to Runaan, Martha, and all other trainees, he finally looked at Raon.

“Raon Zieghart, step forward.”

“Yes.”

Raon bowed deeply, then stood up to walk up onto the platform.

‘I can feel their gazes.’

Irritated gazes were piercing through his heart from behind. They were from Karoon and the other collateral division leaders.

However, Karoon’s son Burren and the other collateral trainees weren’t looking at him with jealousy. They were looking at him with pride instead. That was good enough for Raon.

“Raon Zieghart.”

Glenn’s gaze was still cold and dry. It felt like a frozen field in the middle of winter.

A small light existed in his gaze, like a single flower blooming from the snow field.

He wasn’t sure if that was good or bad.

“You’ve saved many people’s lives. I acknowledge that endeavor and grant you this silver tablet. Keep training your body and mind in the future.”

“Can I have a moment?”

***

***

Raon stood still without taking the silver tablet Glenn was holding.

“What is it?”

“I have something to say.”

“Something to say?”

“Yes. It’s about Eden's objective.”

“Hmm?”

One of Glenn’s eyebrows raised slightly.

“I know the reason they came to Cebu village, and what they are after right now.”

“How dare you spout such a lie here!”

A furious voice could be heard from behind. It was Karoon’s voice.

“Eden’s demons won’t speak the truth even if you torture them by tearing off their limbs. There’s no way you could have obtained that information!”

“Hmm…”

“Certainly…”

“Indeed, torture doesn’t work against them.”

The other division leaders nodded in agreement.

“Are you certain?”

“Yes, I am. However…”

Raon turned and met Karoon’s burning eyes.

“I don’t want to reveal it in front of the people that are doubting it.”

“Wh-what?!”

“That arrogance!”

“How dare you! You haven’t even received the title of swordsman!”

The division leaders following Karoon gave off powerful pressures, but Raon wasn’t daunted in the slightest.

He had a greater achievement than them in his previous life, despite being weaker than them.

“Did I say something wrong?”

It was an occasion created by Rimmer and Glenn, an occasion where he could increase the reward for the mission. He wasn’t going to allow anyone to get in the way.

“Silence! Where do you think this is…”

“Karoon Zieghart.”

Karoon shut his mouth upon hearing a heavy voice from the platform.

“I already told you to shut your mouth.”

“Hup!”

A chill ran down Raon’s spine.

The pressure wasn’t directed at him, but it felt like his entire body was freezing up.

“F-father?”

“Get out, including everyone else who spoke up just now.”

Glenn wasn’t even looking at Karoon. Even though his son was an important member of the house, he was still cold-hearted towards him, without any mercy.

“Ugh…”

The five division leaders and vice leaders bit their lips. After glaring at Raon like they wanted to kill him, they left the audience chamber.

“Say it now. What have you seen there?”

No amount of torture could get the information out of Eden’s lackeys’ stubbornness. All the gazes of division leaders and Glenn were focused on Raon’s mouth who said he knew Eden’s objective.

“The Blood Raving Demon revealed their objective when he was certain he could kill me and all the other trainees.”

“Objective?”

“Eden was looking for the monsters’ magic stone.”

Raon took out the goblin king’s magic stone from his chest. The red-hot light brightened up the dim audience chamber.

“It’s not just any magic stone, but from those commonly referred to as named monsters. This one is the goblin king’s magic stone, the one that died in Cebu Mountain a few hundred years ago.”

Raon explained and extended the hand holding the magic stone.

Whir.

The goblin king’s magic stone floated up on its own and went into Glenn’s hand.

“Hmm.”

Glenn narrowed his eyes and examined the magic stone.

“……”

The division leaders and squad leaders watched Glenn and Raon without even swallowing their saliva.

“Certainly.”

Glenn raised his head after checking the magic stone.

“This isn’t an ordinary object.”

Glenn said while looking at Raon, but he couldn’t understand the meaning behind his gaze, whether he was proud of him or was laughing at him.

“It’s an achievement that nobody else has managed to do.”

The corners of Glenn’s mouth were raised slightly as he took the silver tablet from Roenn to give it to Raon.

“…Thank you.”

Raon slowly extended his hand to take the silver tablet.

‘Was I mistaken?’

He thought he could trust him to reward him according to his deed, despite his dislike for himself and Sylvia.

He had expected him to give an extra silver tablet or even a gold tablet, yet that wasn’t the case. Glenn wasn’t giving him anything else.

‘I should’ve just straight up told him to give me something in return.’

It was regrettable, but he couldn’t ask him for a reward at that point. He slightly bit his lip and stepped down from the platform.

“Everyone shall return. A great conference will be held tomorrow morning, so everyone shall participate.”

“Yes!”

The division leaders and squad leaders responded loud and clear and bowed.

‘Tsk.’

How foolish of you to not obtain anything after giving out such information.

Raon clicked his tongue silently and Wrath sneered at him.

***

‘I trusted him too much.’

Raon shook his head. He had started to trust Glenn slightly after getting the ‘Ten Thousand Flowers Cultivation’, but that was apparently a mistake.

He was living in Zieghart’s jungle. He needed to take what he needed by himself.

“Sir Raon.”

As he was leaving the lord’s manor with irritated steps, Roenn’s voice was heard from the right hallway.

‘Huh?’

Since Roenn had been in the audience chamber a moment ago, he couldn’t understand how he was there.

Moreover…

‘I didn’t feel anything.’

His increased perception didn’t manage to grasp his presence. It looked like he was a warrior after all, and an assassin like himself in his previous life.

“I have something to tell you.”

He approached him with a gentle smile.

“May I visit you in the annex building at midnight?”

“Pardon? Why would you visit…”

“The head of house asked me to bring you here.”

Roenn lifted his finger to point at the audience chamber’s huge door and smiled.

“I think he wanted to give you the second gift.”

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 85


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Raon left the lord’s manor after telling Roenn that he understood.

‘What is he thinking?’

He wasn’t sure whether Glenn intended to reward him just like Roenn said or ask more questions about Eden.

‘I still don’t understand his personality.’

He could somewhat read people’s thoughts thanks to his vast experience, but he couldn’t read into Glenn’s thoughts at all, as if he was looking into a misty space.

“Raon!”

A familiar voice was heard as soon as he left the lord’s manor. Sylvia was biting her lip while running at him with red-rimmed eyes.

“Oh my goodness!”

She didn’t care about her clothes getting dirty as she knelt down and started checking Raon’s body.

“I-I heard you fought against Eden! Is your arm okay? What happened to your waist?”

“I’m fine. I’m almost healed.”

Raon smiled gently. He was almost completely healed thanks to Rimmer’s medicine’s effectiveness.

“I…”

Sylvia bit her lip, looking at the thick bandages wrapped around his arm, waist, and thigh. She looked like she would start crying at any moment.

‘Ah, there was that…’

She had lost her husband and daughter to Eden. Raon felt like he was too inconsiderate.

“Mom, I…”

“I regretted it.”

Sylvia lowered her head. Her hand trembled as she grabbed his arm.

“Do you remember what I told you before you left on the mission? That I wanted you to act like a true Zieghart.”

“Ah…”

“I really regretted it when I heard you fought against the Green War Demon, then stopped the Blood Raving Demon in order to save everyone.”

The tear welling up in her eye ended up falling.

“I thought you made that decision because of what I said, I really…”

Her pronunciation was awkward since she was crying, but Sylvia’s feelings and message touched his heart.

“I wasn’t only a mediocre swordsman, but I’m also a bad mother…”

“I’m rather grateful to Mom.”

Raon grabbed Sylvia’s trembling hands. He could feel the same warmth from her hand as her heart.

“G-grateful?”

“Yes.”

He nodded and smiled slightly.

“Various thoughts came to my mind while fighting against the Blood Raving Demon. Should I run? How? Should I order Burren to fight then run away on my own? I might be able to survive if I run away while using the trainees as bait.”

Raon met Sylvia’s trembling eyes with an embarrassed expression.

“That’s when I heard mom’s voice. The voice that told me ‘I want you to live like the Zieghart’s swordsman from the past’.”

It was true. If it wasn’t for Sylvia’s voice resounding in his ears, he would’ve run away without looking back or saving the village chief.

“Ah…”

“If it wasn’t for that, I would’ve died while running away after abandoning everyone. Even if I managed to survive, I would have regretted it for the rest of my life, unable to wield a sword ever again.”

He confessed his frightened emotions from that time with a cold breath.

“I was only able to stop the Blood Raving Demon and fight until the end thanks to what you told me, Mom. There’s nothing to apologize for or regret.”

Why am I fighting against the Blood Raving Demon? Why do I have to be the other people’s shield? The reason he managed to endure that painful time was the fact that it was his own choice after following her words.

“Sniff…”

Sylvia burst into the tears that she had been holding back so far. Her mind must’ve been heavy ever since she heard the news about Eden.

“It’s okay.”

Raon repeated what she had told him in his childhood and rubbed her back.

***

Raon stayed by Sylvia’s side until she grew exhausted and fell asleep, then he left her room. Helen was waiting for him outside the room.

“I’ve witnessed the young master that used to be so small and young consoling my lady. Now I can die without any regrets.”

She pretended to cry, hiding her eyes with her fingers.

“Stop jesting and live for a very long time. I'll make you live in luxury with Mom.”

“I’m grateful for the thought, young master.”

“It’s not just the thought.”

Raon shook his head and closed the door to Sylvia’s room.

“Then I’ll be looking forward to it with pleasure.”

“That’s right.”

Raon nodded and went inside his room. Inside the dark room with closed curtains, a thin human shape could be found.

“Judiel.”

Since Raon was already aware of her presence, he called her name while sitting at his bed.

“Yes, young master.”

Judiel, who was standing next to the window prostrated in front of Raon. Her expression was as stiff as cold marble.

“How is the situation?”

“I got the order to return from Central Martial Palace. They are going to dispose of me, by the looks of it.”

“Hmm…”

Raon licked his lips while looking at Judiel’s head.

‘Is he venting his anger on her?’

Karoon Zieghart was the one that sent Judiel to the annex building. It looked like he decided to get rid of her, since she hadn’t managed to obtain the information about Raon becoming a Sword Expert and he had made Karoon angry in the audience chamber just before.

‘Yet…’

Judiel herself was still composed, despite her life being in danger.

He’d thought she was average from the way she was terrified at the lake back then, but it seemed she was properly educated as a spy.

“Do you want to live?”

Raon slowly opened his mouth. His voice sounded like it didn’t really matter whether Judiel died or lived.

However, he was thinking about how to save her on the inside, since a double agent like her was difficult to obtain.

“……”

Judiel slowly raised her head. Her eyes were shivering like moonlight reflected in a lake. Just as she was when he first saw her, she was still holding on to her life.

“I’ll tell you the way you can survive.”

“Pardon?”

“Don’t go to the Central Martial Palace. Send a letter instead. Tell him you became Raon Zieghart’s personal maid.”

“He won’t suspect it if you write that my mom was worried about my body and picked you.”

Raon pointed at the wounds wrapped by bandages. Since the rumors said he was severely wounded, despite his actual status, it was going to work for sure.

Moreover, Karoon was going to think he could obtain information more easily in the future since his spy became Raon’s personal maid.

“Th-that’s true. But why are you being so considerate towards me…?”

“It’s not for you. It’s because it would be a waste for me to lose a double agent like this.”

“Hmm…”

“I’ll give you some good information on top of it. Everyone thinks I’m severely wounded, but I’ve actually almost finished healing. I’m planning to train in the annex building, while pretending to recover.”

Raon gave Judiel the information about his injury without any hesitation.

“Instructor Rimmer and the head of house are the only people that know this fact right now. He is going to realize you are still useful if you tell him about this.”

“I-indeed.”

Judiel nodded.

“Then, what are you waiting for?”

He pointed at the door.

“Go and write that information on a letter and send it. You need to manage your expression, or he will find out.”

“U-understood!”

Judiel lowered her head while covering her cheeks with her hands, then left the room.

Everything she says and does is pathetic. What are you going to do with a useless spy like her?

‘She is going to become the trap to stab Karoon Zieghart in the back. And…’

Raon murmured on the inside while looking at the almost unrecognizable door in the darkness.

Because she reminds me of my past self.

***

***

Raon was mindlessly lying on his bed, but he stood up as soon as the moon reached the top of the sky.

It wasn’t because the promised time had come, but because of the presence outside his window.

“I’m glad you’ve been waiting.”

Roenn greeted him with a smile as he opened the window.

“Of course. I wouldn’t be sleeping after what you told me.”

Raon went over the window, putting a coat on his shoulders.

“So, what did you mean earlier?”

He opened his mouth, looking at Roenn’s wrinkled eyes.

“How can I know the head of house’s intentions? You will see once you get there.”

“Hmm…”

Raon asked because he wanted to know Glenn’s intention, but Roenn wasn’t easy to deal with. It was certain that he knew the answer, but he wasn’t telling.

He went to the lord’s manor while chatting with Roenn. Curiously, the presence of the swordsmen standing guard in the area were gone.

‘No one is here.’

Following Roenn, he entered the lord’s manor without meeting anyone. Even the maids, servants, and swordsmen guarding inside the lord’s manor were nowhere to be found.

It seemed Roenn had ordered the place to be cleared out beforehand.

“Hmm…”

Raon’s heart pounded, feeling anxious and nervous in such an unknown situation.

“You don’t need to be so nervous, young master. What you did was a great accomplishment, one you can be proud of.”

He opened the door to the audience chamber while saying that. The light poured out from the inside as the enormous door opened.

Raon followed Roenn and entered the audience chamber. Glenn Zieghart, who was sitting on the throne like a statue, opened his eyes.

‘Haa…’

That was enough to fill the entire audience chamber with nervousness once again.

“Greeting my lord.”

“You don’t need to.”

As Raon was about to kneel and bow, his body froze as if he was petrified.

‘This energy…’

That wasn’t what he was trying to do. Glenn had single handedly stopped his movement with his voice.

‘Seriously…’

Raon shuddered at his level of martial art and raised his head.

Tap.

Glenn removed the hand supporting his chin, looking down on Raon.

“Raon Zieghart.”

“Yes, my lord.”

He lowered his head with a trembling throat.

“What do you think about footwork?”

‘Let’s see, footwork.’

Footwork was the way of walking.

Footwork was the technique that created the most efficient way of moving in all situations: attack, defense, or even evasion and escape.

“I think it’s the most efficient martial art, one that decides a warrior’s life or death.”

“Hmm.”

Glenn nodded slightly, to a point where it was almost unnoticeable. Maybe he was pleased with the answer, or maybe he wasn’t. Raon couldn’t tell.

“What footwork did you use upon fighting against the Green War Demon and the Blood Raving Demon?”

“I used the River Footwork.”

Raon had also used the Shadowless Steps on top of the River Footwork, but he didn’t mention it.

“River Footwork is a great technique that can still be used after you get stronger, but its forms are too simple.”

He was right.

River Footwork was excellent footwork for sure, but it only had the basic forms.

On the other hand, the ‘Shadowless Steps’ was a footwork focused on evasion and stealth, even more unsuitable for use than River Footwork in situations other than assassination.

He had planned to ask for a new footwork with the extra tablet he should’ve received, but the plan had gone completely awry.

“Raon.”

When he was licking his lip in frustration, Glenn called his name once again.

“I rewarded you with a silver tablet at noon for killing the Green War Demon and holding your ground against the Blood Raving Demon. However, I didn’t give you anything for finding out their objective.”

Raon unconsciously gulped, since he could anticipate what he was going to say next.

“I’ll teach you suitable footwork as a reward for discovering Eden’s objective.”

Glenn stood from the throne. It felt like the highest mountain in the continent, the Erlast Mountain, had surged up in front of his eyes.

He walked down the platform and extended his right foot to the front, then his left front to the back. His pressure was as proud as a noble and as tough as a general on the battlefield.

“Watch closely, since I’m only going to show you once.”

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 86


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

Raon held his breath.

‘What an opportunity.’

Receiving instruction from the strongest warrior in the continent was the best opportunity he could get, incomparable to a mere tablet.

It was such a big deal that it could bring the entire house Zieghart in an uproar.

Whir!

Raon resonated the ‘Ring of Fire’, clearing up his bewildered mind.

“You look like you are ready. I’m starting, then.”

Glenn’s feet separated the faint moonlight covering the floor.

His relaxed movement made him look like he was on a stroll, but his flow was unpredictable.

He flared up from the left like a red flame, then flowed down to the right like water. Raon was unable to breathe, watching the mysterious flow his feet were creating.

Glenn’s footwork was extremely difficult to understand. It was fast yet slow, soft yet hard at the same time.

‘I still need to watch until the end.’

Giving up because it was too difficult was out of the question since learning just one tenth of Glenn’s teachings was already more than worth it.

Raon watched him without even blinking once until he stopped moving his feet.

The entrancing moment felt like an instant, and Glenn stood in front of Raon. Despite having just demonstrated a boundless footwork, his breathing remained relaxed and he didn’t seem unsettled in the slightest.

“Did you see it?”

The red eyes, as sharp as a beast's, were asking him whether he had seen it properly—how much he had understood.

“…Please excuse me. I didn’t manage to see it.”

Raon bit his lip and lowered his head. The footwork was on a completely different level, one that couldn’t be understood with only four rings of fire.

“……”

It seemed Glenn was expecting that to happen, as he didn’t show any reaction. He just looked down on him with emotionless eyes.

“Show me how much you understood.”

He pointed at the floor and stepped back. It looked like he wanted him to repeat the footwork.

‘He will be disappointed.’

He saw many flows, and felt the depth of the martial art. However, there was only a very small portion he was able to replicate in his current state. He felt like he could already feel the coldness of Glenn’s gaze.

‘Then…’

Raon bit his lip slightly. He decided to repeat the one form that left the strongest impression, rather than awkwardly trying to replicate multiple movements.

‘That’s.’

The first step.

The unusual posture, with right foot at the front and left foot at the back, was the start of the first step.

Raon decided to replicate the first step that separated the moonlight and pierced through space.

“Haa…”

Raon extended his left foot to the back and right foot to the front. His feet were shoulder-width apart. It was exactly the same posture as Glenn’s, since Raon had observed it using the ‘Ring of Fire’.

‘The step incorporated everything.’

It was fast, slow, strong, smooth, and ever-changing at the same time. It was a step that could bring him anywhere.

He raised his left foot.

Putting together what he’d felt from Glenn’s demonstration and the principle of the martial arts he'd learned so far, he extended it to the front.

Stomp!

The golden moonlight covering the floor was distorted into a triangle, and an intense vibration traveled throughout the audience chamber.

The step was extremely weak compared to Glenn’s, but the flow was almost identical.

It was the first step that could move in any direction, and in any way he wanted.

“……”

“Huh!”

Glenn narrowed his eyes, and Roenn’s jaw dropped.

“Haa…”

Raon exhaled and closed his eyes. He was feeling dizzy, despite having only taken a single step. He must’ve been too focused and nervous.

“Is it over after that single step?”

Glenn turned around, looking at Raon’s extended left foot.

“Yes.”

Raon answered briefly and opened his eyes.

“Didn’t you see more than that?”

“It’s because I can’t even repeat one tenth of it, let alone replicate it.”

“How come you can’t repeat it?”

“My lord’s footwork contained too many things, like a martial god’s steps. It’s impossible for my unskilled self to understand it completely.”

“Does that mean the first step was the easiest?”

Glenn’s voice grew as cold as the severe winter’s wind.

“No, it wasn’t.”

Raon continued while looking at his extended left foot.

“From what I saw, the first step was the most important and the most impressive. I thought I should repeat the first step, since it was more impressive than any other footwork you showed me afterwards.”

“Why do you think the first step is the most important one?”

“Because the step can move in any direction, at any time, and in any way one desires. It was as shocking as watching the steps of an omnipotent existence, and the step is still stuck in my head.”

Since it was impossible to lie to Glenn about martial arts, Raon answered honestly about what he saw and felt.

“Hmm.”

Glenn slightly nodded and spread his legs. His expression remained the same, but it felt like the atmosphere had become softer.

“You have good instincts.”

He took the same posture as the beginning, extending his left foot to the back and right foot to the front.

“The footstep I showed you is called the Supreme Harmony Steps. Since you realized the first step, ‘Heavenly Advance’, is the most important… You are halfway there.”

Glenn took another step with an emotionless voice. Raon’s hair stood on end upon seeing the step that could bring him anywhere in the world.

Whir!

His energy center vibrated, gathering his aura that controlled his body while dashing through his mana circuit.

Stomp!

Before he had even realized it, Raon replicated the Supreme Harmony Steps’ Heavenly Advance, exactly as Glenn had shown him.

“It’s better than before.”

Glenn nodded with an expressionless face, then turned around. He went up on the platform and nestled down into the throne.

“That’s it for the reward.”

“With that single step?”

“I have shown you more than that, but you only managed to take one.”

He closed his eyes. He appeared to be saying that he had nothing more to tell.

“…Understood. Thank you.”

Raon licked his lips and nodded. It wasn’t a big harvest but learning about the existence of such footsteps was an enlightenment in itself.

“You can have this.”

Glenn threw something from his hand, and Raon caught the red gem falling in front of his chest.

“Ah.”

It was the goblin king’s magic stone that he had given to Glenn earlier.

“Objects should belong to their rightful owner. Since it’s an item you acquired, you should take it.”

He dusted off his hands, showing he had no regret, then closed his eyes again.

“You can put it in here.”

Roenn gave him a black fabric. It was the fabric with the ability to block the magic stone’s energy.

“Thank you.”

Raon wrapped the fabric around the goblin king’s magic stone and put it in his chest pocket.

‘I didn’t expect him to return this…’

He thought he would study it, or break it, or put it in a warehouse. He didn’t expect him to return it.

Glenn’s every single action was different from his expectation.

“You shall return now.”

“Yes, thank you.”

“Err…”

“What is it?”

“St-stay healthy.”

Since he had no idea what he should be telling him, he offered the most common greeting for an elder and bowed.

“……”

Glenn frowned without saying anything and Roenn covered his mouth with trembling hands.

“…I’ll leave now.”

He licked his lips and left the audience chamber. It looked like he shouldn’t have said that.

Stay healthy! You really looked like a fool right there!

‘Ugh…’

He didn’t know what to tell him since he had never sincerely thanked an elder.

“Phew.”

As he walked down the corridor while sighing, a new message appeared in front of his eyes.

***

***

The audience chamber was still filled with moonlight after Raon left.

Roenn, who was looking at the moonlight covering the floor, raised his head.

“I didn’t think my lord would hand over the Supreme Harmony Steps.”

He thought he would give a special reward because of how much he cherished Raon, but he had never imagined he would give the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’.

‘Because the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps' was created by none other than himself.’

The ‘Supreme Harmony Steps' was the first footwork he had created after breaking through the demonic wall.

It was a technique that was worth more than a golden tablet, one that he hadn’t even taught his sons. Considering the fact that he gave such a technique to Raon, his affection for Raon was beyond his expectations.

“Did you see it?”

Glenn slowly opened his eyes. His eyes were reflecting a sugary light, unlike a moment ago when it was simply cold.

“He repeated the ‘Heavenly Advance’ after watching it only twice.”

“Pardon?”

“Raon. He took half of the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ after only watching it two times. Isn’t he amazing?”

It wasn’t just his eyes. His voice was also higher than usual, and the corners of his mouth were clearly raised.

“Huh…”

Roenn’s jaw dropped. He’d been living as Glenn’s shadow for decades, yet it was his first time seeing him being so happy since his first son’s birth.

“He didn’t kill the Green War Demon and hold his ground against the Blood Raving Demon by sheer luck. He has sharp eyes, and the way he controls his body and aura is rather extraordinary.”

“That’s true.”

The fact that Raon managed to grasp the core of the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ in such a short time was really astonishing.

“But it’s something else that impressed me the most.”

The smile on Glenn’s mouth became even more clear.

“His judgment, right? It was really amazing how a fifteen-year-old managed to understand what was important and what could be thrown away. I also wanted to try teaching him if I get an opportunity.”

“I’m not just talking about what happened today.”

“Then…”

“The fact that he stood against the Blood Raving Demon on his own in order to save everyone.”

Glenn continued while looking at the carpet where Raon’s footstep still remained.

“Raon has good instincts. He must’ve realized he could never win against the Blood Raving Demon the moment he saw him.”

“That seems likely.”

“Yet he stopped him until the very end. He didn’t withdraw, buying time for the villagers and trainees to escape with his body broken from saving the village chief.”

The Blood Raving Demon would’ve turned the villagers and the trainees into a pool of blood if Raon hadn’t held his ground.

There weren’t many people who could sacrifice themselves for the sake of others. The number of fifteen-year-old children capable of such a thing in the entire continent could be counted on a person’s fingers…

A smile appeared on Glenn’s face as he rejoiced at the fact that such a great boy was his grandson.

“I haven’t seen you smile like that in a long time.”

Roenn smiled.

“Khhm. I’m not really happy.”

Glenn immediately lowered the corners of his lips. They were so low that he looked older than usual.

“Sir Raden managed to destroy the White Blood Religion’s branch, and Sir Raon eliminated the Green War Demon. We are getting a series of great news.”

“Well, it’s not that great and special.”

Glenn’s corners of lips raised slightly once again upon hearing compliments about his grandsons.

“Heh.”

Roenn murmured ‘is that so?’ and nodded. His mouth was still smiling happily.

“By the way, my lord couldn’t hold back his smile when young master Raon told you to stay healthy earlier. If you want to pretend to be cold-blooded, you should…”

“I’m not pretending!”

It was rare for Glenn to shout, but the smile didn’t disappear from Roenn’s face.

***

“What’s this?”

Upon returning to the annex building, Raon pointed at the message he saw earlier.

Whoosh.

Wrath, who was clinging to the bracelet like a parrot, surged up into the air.

“It’s a learning assistance.”

“Learning?”

It’s one of the system’s aspects the King of Essence created back in devildom in order to learn the techniques of powerful or peculiar existences. Among the arrogant ones that picked a fight with the King of the Essence…

“In short, it’s increasing my learning ability.”

Stop cutting me off!

“Anyway, was I right?”

Haa, pretty much.

“How do I use it?”

Do you think I’m going to tell you? If you take my wrath…

“I don’t need it, it’s pretty obvious.”

Raon snickered and wagged his finger.

“It’s making it easier to learn the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’. It’s not even a secret.”

What arrogance!

Wrath barked in irritation.

“I shall start immediately.”

Raon silently opened the window and went back outside.

Just do it tomorrow after sunrise. I’m too lazy to follow you outside.

‘But there might be a time limit.’

There’s no way such a thing…

‘It looks like I’m right, judging from the way you’re talking.’

H-how could you tell?

‘Because your reaction was strange.’

Wrath would’ve started boiling in anger, but he was only acting irritated. That was why Raon realized he was hiding something.

“I told you already, you are in the palm of my hand.”

Stop your arrogance! The King of Essence is a monarch of devildom, who surpasses a mere human’s estimations…

Wrath glared while spreading a frightening amount of coldness around him.

‘Yes, I’m talking about that.’

Raon pointed at Wrath’s coldness as it was expanding into the air.

‘I wouldn’t have noticed anything strange if you acted like that from the beginning. You are really easy to deal with.’

Raon pushed Wrath away using the flame from the ‘Ring of Fire’ on his right hand.

Damn it! You are the worst creature that the King of Essence has ever met!

‘I guess being the worst for a demon king is a compliment, right?’

Keuh! I’ll kill you. I’ll kill you no matter wh…

‘Okay, do that later.’

Raon went to the training ground while listening to Wrath’s cursing scream.

I created a game for Android Idle Ninja Empire , I could use a little support in promoting it, just download it and play for a while. Thank you in advance.





Chapter 87


This chapter is updated by Novels.pl

The blue moon was looking down on the world from the night sky.

Inside the open area, Raon unwrapped the bandage covering his arms and legs.

Though he wasn’t completely recovered, the flesh had almost finished growing back. It seemed he could start training once again.

‘Then.’

He smoothly kicked the ground, gathering the aura from the ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’.

Raon reached around the lake in no time. It was an extremely fast footwork, one that even his shadow couldn’t follow, but his expression was grim.

“Tsk.”

Raon clicked his tongue and narrowed his legs.

‘This isn’t it.’

The first step that Glenn had shown him was vast enough to reach anywhere in the continent, and free enough to achieve any kind of movement.

It couldn’t even be compared to the ‘Heavenly Advance’ of the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ that he had just used.

‘He said it was a step that could achieve anything.’

Glenn described the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ as omnipotent and well-rounded. It was such an arrogant and haughty thing to say, but it was irrefutable after witnessing the steps.

‘I shouldn’t be thinking about speed or strength.’

Raon’s might was less than a speck compared to Glenn’s. He needed to work on his foundation for the big picture rather than trying to copy him.

‘Let’s try again.’

Raon used the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ along with the ‘Ten Thousand Flames Cultivation’. The slow yet heavy steps looked like a fierce charging bison.

“This isn’t right, either.”

Raon shook his head and corrected his posture. He repeated over and over and over again, and he used the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ until sunrise.

“Damn it…”

Raon frowned upon seeing the rising sun. Acquiring the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ wasn’t easy, despite possessing a talent that increased his learning speed.

Honestly, he felt like he was still completely clueless.

‘No, it’s probably the way it should be.’

The ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ was a footwork incorporating the enlightenment of Glenn, the continent’s strongest man. It was natural for such martial arts to be difficult to acquire.

Have you still not managed to learn that footwork, despite disturbing the King of Essence’s sleep to practice? You are so pathetic that you are making me cry.

Wrath came out from the bracelet and laughed at him after having been silent the whole night.

The King of Essence understood it right away. I’m starting to feel sorry over the human’s inferiority.

‘Okay, you’re cool.’

Raon sighed briefly and sat down. Since his body still wasn't completely restored, he was feeling tired from practicing overnight.

Pfft, it’s obvious you are having difficulties. You are like a worm, crawling on the ground and trying to look up into the sky. A worm should look at the worm’s sky instead.

‘A worm should look at the worm’s sky, huh…’

Raon murmured Wrath’s slander and looked at the North Grave Mountain, located behind the annex building.

‘Now that I think about it…’

Rimmer had told him something similar in the North Grave Mountain. When he was teaching him about the attributes, he had told him Raon needed to decide the flow of his affinity by himself.

‘I wonder if the same goes for this footwork.’

Raon reexamined the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’. Glenn’s ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ looked transcendental. It didn’t look like a footwork that existed in reality, but a mysterious step that could jump over space and time.

‘I’m not at that level, and that’s not what I’m trying to achieve.’

He shook his head. What he wanted to achieve was something more realistic.

He had only two goals. He wanted to protect the people in the annex building, and he wanted to stab Derus Robert in the throat. That was everything he wanted.

‘And for that…’

Raon straightened his back and closed his eyes. He took a step while thinking about the people he needed to protect and the man he needed to kill, no matter what happened to his body.

Stomp!

It was a different vibration.

The intense flow, starting from the mana circuit at the sole of his feet, pierced through his entire body like lightning splitting the sky. Freedom was incorporated in his body’s movement.

He started to draw his own picture.

The picture’s background was filled with the steps, incorporating the freedom that would allow him to protect his loved ones and snap the neck of his sworn enemy.

Whir.

Raon opened his eyes. His eyes were burning brightly, like the rising sun.

“……”

He looked down on the ground. His first step hadn’t moved his body, but his mind had moved.

The step was the mind, a martial art that could be only acquired by putting his mind into it.

The rough sketch of the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ that he wanted to finish that day was completed at once.

Raon clenched his fists. Upon acquiring the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps' that he thought he would never manage to learn, the sense of accomplishment and exhilaration he felt was twice more than usual.

The learning ability that helped him acquire the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ disappeared at the perfect timing, as soon as he finished learning it.

Since the sun was slowly rising, the ability only lasted for a night.

‘It was the right choice to come out to train immediately.’

If he didn’t have that ability, he wouldn’t have managed to acquire the ‘Supreme Harmony Steps’ even after a year, let alone in a day. Disregarding his injury to train was the correct answer.

What is this…?

Wrath’s coldness trembled violently. like a candle in the wind.

What have you done? How did you do that in such a short time?

“Your words were the key.”

Key?

“You told me that a worm should look at the worm’s sky.”

So what?

“Just like you said, I have my own objective, and Glenn has his own wish and objective. That’s why I don’t need to copy what he did exactly. I incorporated my wish in the footwork.”

Raon murmured that ‘it just worked when I did that’ with a cheeky expression.

Even then, you shouldn’t have been able to acquire that footwork so easily.

“You are right. Your system was really helpful by increasing my learning speed. I’m just realizing that they were both thanks to you. I’m really grateful.”

Keuh, the King of Essence has never done that…

Wrath’s blue coldness puffed up and looked like it could explode at any time.

“Don’t be so angry. I was just stating the truth.”

Raon smiled and wagged his finger. It was as Raon was about to provoke him even more to make him burst out in anger that he heard it.

“Raon!”

Sylvia came running out through the window behind the annex building. She looked as agile as Rimmer.

“I told you to rest! Why do you look like this?”

“Aww.”

Raon sighed. He wasn’t scared of the monarch of devildom, but he couldn’t go against his mother.

***

***

Raon got dragged into Sylvia’s room, and she looked angrier than Wrath.

“Raon, what did Mom tell you?”

“I-I wonder…”

Raon scratched the back of his head and avoided Sylvia’s gaze.

“I cl-ear-ly told you to stop training until you are completely recovered!”

“M-maybe you said that…”

He could clearly remember her telling him that, but he turned his head and tried pretending that he didn’t know anything.

“Seriously!”

Sylvia wrinkled her nose with her arms crossed.

‘Ugh…’

Because Sylvia was scolding him, Raon felt even more uncomfortable than when he fought against the Blood Raving Demon. He couldn’t understand why it was so difficult to listen to her preaching.

“Raon.”

Sylvia leaned forward to meet his eyes. Her eyes were full of worries and sorrow. Raon lowered his head, unable to face that heavy expression.

“Yes.”

“I know why you are trying so hard to train.”

She continued while caressing his shoulder.

“You want to become stronger because you are worried about mom and the annex building.”

“……”

Raon’s lip trembled slightly. Probably because she was his mother, or because she had spent a long time with him, Sylvia knew exactly what he was thinking.

‘That’s not all, though.’

No one should’ve been aware that revenge was also driving his actions.

“Thank you. And I’m sorry. It’s all Mom’s fault that you have to think that way.”

“That’s…”

“You don’t realize how happy I was when I heard you became the top trainee, won the spar, and had a great achievement during the mission. However…”

