	“That’s the same feeling for us.”

	Kurumia, who pulled off the futon from me when she stopped, wondered if she remembered the words of the prince at that time.

	“Usato-dono, no, the rescue squad is special to us knights. Without them, our friends and colleagues would not have returned. It’s unacceptable if people just say that it’s [only a healing magic].”

	Kurumia said so with a serious expression.

	Usato saved many knights in the battle with the Demon King Army.

	And now, he is traveling with the same duties as me and Kazuki.

	……

	“…Oh, did you just think of him?”

	“That’s right. Given that Usato and Kazuki are doing their best right now, I can’t stop at such a place.”

	“…[Right now, I am his]'”

	“Can you not rub it in from the side after I’ve recovered !?”

	Even if my mouth is torn, I must not say those lines in front of the person……!

	“Isn’t it different in another sense? Mainly among women.”

	“I didn’t want you to talk about it… Maybe Usato’s painting was like that nobleman…”

	“Maybe it’s because they beautified the original Usato-dono to be received by women.”

	“…I don’t like that they dressed Usato…”

	The first time I saw his painting, I felt a little unpleasant. Somehow, I felt that his charm was filled with useless decorations.

	Kurumia has a moody look on me when I’m in a bad mood.

	“From my point of view, I think it suits him? It doesn’t matter if that feeling is conveyed to Usato-dono. Suzune-san, when you say that to Usato-dono, I don’t know whether it’s a joke, or you’re being serious…”

	“I can’t say this in front of Usato unless I put in a phrase.”

	“Oh, you’re quite a maiden unexpectedly.”

	“I’m always a maiden though !?”

	“……Eh”

	Why do you look like that unexpectedly !?

	When I got up in surprise, Kurumia giggled and smiled.

	“Well, it seems that you have recovered anyway. Above all, please prepare, because we will leave in the high days.”

	“…I packed my luggage in advance, so it won’t take long… sigh…”

	We’re stepping and moving.

	Kurumia becomes a child who is very silent during battle and shoots a bow and arrow, but in normal times she loves to make fun of people.

	When I saw Kurumia leaving the room with a smile, I sighed and I changed my clothes and grabbed the doorknob of the door.

	“…Alright.”

	I can’t pull back anymore.

	The fact that I refused to propose to the prince because of Usato, went widespread throughout the continent, and that fact cannot be changed.

	Honestly, I still feel embarrassed and want to go around, but I think about it the other way around.

	―――― I should just push it through as it is.

	“Go, You can do it Suzune. I won’t be depressed anymore…!”

	I decided to do so and opened the door.

	“[I’m in love with Usato !!]”

	“Didn’t I tell you to stop!?”

	The words of Kurumia, who was ambushing me next door, made me collapse forward.

	The determination I swore earlier shook strongly.

	Although I was prepared to be fooled by this story for a while, I was throwing up an electric shock chop of sanctions on the giggling Kurumia.

	“Haha, senpai really loves doing bold things.”

	Just when leaving the country where I first visited, I broke my cheeks when I saw the letters written on the paper delivered to the inn.

	I was also involved in various things such as duel tournaments, but my senpais are also in trouble in many ways.

	“Usato sure has it hard.”

	“Do you think so too, Hilt?”

	“Yes”

	Hilt, a large knight walking in front of me.

	He is a reliable companion who plays an avant-garde in any situation and does not let the opponent touch with a skillful spear handling that can not be imagined from a large body.

	Besides, his personality was bright, and he has helped me many times with his softness and personality during this trip.

	When he saw the article I had, he laughed cheerfully.

	“Is it because senpai is finally getting serious?”

	“I’m not very familiar with the colours of love, but isn’t this what she intended?”

	“…True. Senpai does portray herself as someone bold.”

	Because she was a little playful when talking to Usato all the time, it seems that Usato also took it as a joke.

	“Well, from my point of view, it’s funny.”

	“I think he’s the only one who doesn’t notice.”

	When me and Hilt smiled, the knights who were following behind also smiled bitterly.

	“Though it’s a bit terrible for Suzune, but… Usato is likely to be liked by women. Someone who shows it in action, not in appearance. From the perspective of a man himself, he as a rescue squad, can be respected “

	I’m convinced by Hilt’s words.

	Usato’s behavior is cool.

	When he said he would do it, he’ll get through it no matter what, and when I learned that he was training to help Nack who was suffering from bullying at Lukvis, I thought it was really really cool.

	“Well, I don’t think I need to speak badly about the future for senpai and Usato. No matter what the ending is, I’m still a friend of Usato and senpai…”

	“It’s great to have a friend who can take care of your back. Both Usato-dono and Suzune-dono will think the same thing as Kazuki-dono.”

	“Is that so?”

	“Yes, I’m sure”

	I scratch my cheeks with a gentle smile as I hear the words of Hilt.

	When talking about Usato and senpai for a while, Hirth turned around while riding a horse as if he suddenly remembered.

	“For Kazuki-dono. How far has your relationship with the princess progressed?”

	“Again with that story…”

	“Isn’t it okay? We shouldn’t be bothered by the floating story with His Majesty’s daughter, the knight of the Kingdom of Lingle.”

	When asked before, I managed to move the topic, but this time it ’s difficult.

	I was embarrassed and scratched my cheeks.

	“No, no… I just promised to come back safely…”

	“I see”

	“Why are you grinning! The people behind as well!”

	Hilt is a reliable friend who will travel together in the future, but it is really troublesome at such times.

	While my cheeks were hot from Hilt and the knights behind him, who began to grin as if to guess something, I desperately began to find excuses that there was nothing with her.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	This time, we released about two new characters.

	One for Kazuki and Suzune each.

	By the way, in this work, the heroine is not with other characters, so please be assured of that point.

	Next, we are planning a side story between Nack and Ferme.





Side story

Nack and Ferme

	Usato-san

	Where are you now?

	Are you in Samaria now? Or have you arrived at Miarak?

	Either way, I sincerely hope that your journey will end successfully. However, I believe that Usato-san can easily overcome any adversity and hardship.

	Like when you reached out to me when I was at my lowest and helped me to stand up alone……

	Anyway, about a month has passed since I joined the rescue squad as an apprentice.

	The daily life of the rescue squad was harsh and at the same time, fulfilling for me.

	Alex and co were scary at first, but when I got to know them, they were very nice people who were kind to me as a junior.

	I often talk to Ururu-san who sometimes comes to the rescue squad.

	But every time I meet, I’m asked, “Are you okay? Your personality hasn’t changed? You’re not like Usato?” To be honest, I want to ask you how Usato came to be like that… like really.

	And also, about Rose-san.

	‥…… I finally understood it after receiving the training from that person.

	Usato-san was super kind compared to her…!

	She’s messed up……!

	Once when I was dropped with Ferme-san in the monster infested forest, I was really prepared to die.

	I got out of the forest in three days, but I couldn’t hide the horror from the fact that Usato-san was in the forest for ten days and was seriously trying to hunt the grand grizzly bear.

	In addition—

	“Hey, what are you writing?”

	Someone called out to me who was writing a letter near the rescue squad’s dormitory.

	When I turned around, there was Ferme-san, a colleague of the rescue squad who was staring at me.

	“Ah, this is a letter to Usato-san. It seems the HooBird will come to convey us whenever Usato-san arrives at the destination country, so I’d like to send him one as well.”

	“Hmm, you really admire him.”

	“Yes, because he is.”

	If he wasn’t there to save me, I wouldn’t be here now.

	“Then, shouldn’t you respect your senpai’s here as well, like me?”

	“Huh? Please stop with your sleep talk.”

	“Ah?”

	“Huh?”

	Ferme-san and I stood up with the letter in my pocket.

	“As- I- Say-! You are my junior, so you should pay homage to me!”

	“What kind of senpai replaces their juniors with Rose-san !? Alex and the rest might be, but I would never pay respect to you!”

	“What is it!”

	I often quarrel with Ferme-san—–a demon who is four years older than me.

	At first, I was scared of a demon with horns, but as she was struck by Rose-san over and over again, I no longer felt afraid of this person…

	Rather, there is no fear other than Rose-san.

	Now, I’m so scared that I can’t even go against her.

	“This youngster!”

	“Shut up! You horn shape like a sheep!”

	“She- sheep…!? How dare you call my horns a sheep!”

	“Oh yeah! The twisted horns seem to represent that sexual root !!”

	“Muukiiiii —! I won’t forgive you anymore! Even though you’re younger than me, you just won’t shut up !! I’ll engrave the fear of the Black Knight !!”

	Ferme and I started a stand.

	However, Ferme’s physical abilities other than leg strength are overwhelmingly superior, so she can grab and pull my cheeks without any hesitation.

	I also grabbed her cheek without losing.

	“Gu, Gyuu… Ret gyoo…”

	“Kyuu ashhh we~~ll…”

	The both did not retreat and neither pulled.

	However, neither I nor Ferme-san will let go.

	This is because it is a pain that can be tolerated compared to Rose-san’s punishment. However, that is the same for Ferme-san — so this is a struggle to decide which one will break.

	I’ll never lose —,

	“Oi, you guys are noisy.”

	“I !?”

	“Wha- !?”

	At that moment, I heard a terrifying demon voice near me and Ferme-san, and at the same time, a terrible blow fell on my head.

	Ferme-san, who was in front of me, was holding her head with tears when she crouched down, making a soundless noise.

	This, fist without even realising the presence……!

	“” Ro, Rose-san…””

	“Don’t quarrel about crap. What’s our motto?”

	“” Fighting is a law! “”

	“There is no next time.”

	“”Yeesss!!””

	The fear of Rose-san was soaked in my body, and Ferme-san and I couldn’t resist and apologized in unison.

	Rose-san sighed as if she was amazed, took out something like a paper from her bosom and presented it to me.

	“I brought you something interesting.”

	“Interesting?”

	“What…? Is that?”

	“You’ll understand once you see it. Anyways, I’m going back inside. Don’t make a noise.”

	Rose-san, who is in a good mood, handed the paper over.

	When I received it, Rose-san walked toward the rescue squad’s dormitory with a small smile.

	“What is this?”

	“That woman laughs and hands it over. It must be something scary.”

	It cannot be said that there is no possibility.

	Maybe there is a training menu that will hit us into hell from now on.

	When I looked over the paper that was handed over, there was Usato-san’s name.

	“…Eh, refuse the proposal of the prince? The rumored female hero’s soul is with the healing magician? Usato-san !? EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHHHHHHHHHHHH !?”

	No way, the female hero is Suzune-san !?

	Usato-san and Suzune-san seemed to be good friends even though I had met only a few times, but I was surprised that she had a feeling for Usato-san……

	What does Usato-san think when he sees this?

	Because it was that person, he wouldn’t hate her, but I think he would be in trouble.

	“But…”

	Under the heading, something that looks like a portrait of Usato-san is drawn…

	“But what is this? It doesn’t look like Usato-san at all.”

	Usato-san looks more like a demon if you want to make a portrait.

	He’s not like this noble-like person.

	“Ferme-san. What do you think of this? It’s not Usato-san by any means.”

	“…Hmm”

	“Ah”

	Ferme-san, who took the paper from my hand for a while, tore it into pieces with momentum.

	I was in a hurry when I saw pieces of paper falling on the ground.

	“Eeeehhh!? What are you doing !? I was thinking of saving it because it was Usato-san’s article !?”

	“I was irritated, that’s why.”

	“What is the reason !? Ah, it’s all over the ground…”

	“Shut up. I hate when the guy who’s traveling gracefully and I’m suffering now.”

	A sigh was made from Ferme-san, who turned away with a dissatisfied expression.

	Though that isn’t a reason to tear it…

	“Usato-san isn’t going out just to play though?”

	“I don’t know about humans. I’m a demon.”

	From the perspective of the demon Ferme-san, it may not have anything to do with Usato-san’s mission, which is working for human peace, but… I think this person is different.

	“Maybe you’re lonely?”

	“Huh !?”

	Ferme-san was shocked.

	Certainly, according to the story I heard from Tong-san, Ferme-san was a soldier of the former Demon King Army, and it seems that she was also a very scary person called the Black Knight. Usato-san caught it in a lumpy manner until now… Looking at her attitude toward Usato-san, she looked more like a child who was left alone than hated.

	“After all. Usato-san seems to be taken by Suzune-san, so that’s why you’re irritated”

	“Hmm!”

	“Gee !?”

	Ferme-san headbutt me in the head directly.

	Her head, which is eating Rose-san’s fist more than anyone else, is very hard, and stars were flying around my field of view.

	“Listen here, I haven’t forgotten what he did.”

	“~~~! It can’t be helped because you both were originally enemies… But how long are you going to be this troublesome.”

	“…Hey, after getting hit by Rose-san, what do you think would happen if you get hit again?”

	“I’ll be a chunk of meat, right?”

	What kind of obvious thing are you saying?

	Ferme-san looks straight when she says so while holding down her forehead.

	“I was done by Usato.”

	“I’m sorry. I think I can empathise with you.”

	I felt that I could hear Usato-san’s voice screaming “Oooi!?” in a distant place.

	“After that, I want to know more about him.”

	“Why? Wouldn’t you hate him because of his attitude…”

	At least I thought she wouldn’t like him, but apparently that’s not it.

	In my words, Ferme-san became more moody.

	“He’s an incomprehensible person. He heals my enemy, and after that he came to me in a cage with a light feeling and talked to me. When I entered here, he treated me normally. Isn’t he afraid?…… It’s natural that you want to know about such a person who was killing each other. “

	“…”

	Usato-san killing each other……?

	No, it will be different.

	“I don’t think it’s killing each other for Usato-san.”

	“Huh?”

	“He wasn’t running around the battlefield doing that. He came to help a lot of people in this place, according to the rescue squad’s philosophy. I don’t know what happened when Ferme and Usato fought, but Usato-san fought to help someone… maybe… no, I think it is. “

	Usato-san cannot use his power to kill his opponent.

	If that was the case, Ferme-san may not be living here now.

	Thinking normally, Usato-san’s fist, if it does not have healing magic, is dangerous to human opponents……

	“What does that mean? Did you mean that we weren’t eye to eye in the first place?”

	“No, I don’t think that’s the case.”

	“Ku, Kukuku… If that’s the case, I can understand that attitude of not putting me on my teeth. He didn’t know what I was feeling, he was… playfully, that thing! Damn! , I’ll definitely get back when I meet him next time! “

	“…She’s hopeless”

	Ferme-san, who was completely bleeding in her head, was talking a grudge against Usato-san while stepping on the groundwork.

	She seems to be having fun, but above all, if you make more noise ――――,

	When I thought about stopping Ferme-san, someone suddenly landed behind us.

	“”…””

	Ferme and I stopped moving.

	There is someone behind.

	No, I can understand without looking. This is because a silhouette that is too familiar to us was projected in the shadow created by the sunlight shining from behind.

	The moment I looked behind me, a hand, which was sticking out so quickly that I couldn’t follow it, grabbed me and Ferme-san’s head.

	“How many times did I say not to make noise? Do you have a learning disability? Or do you want to spend your holidays training? Such a good heart. Do you want to do it five times as much as you want?”

	“Huh, no, that is… oh, you’re grabbing my head a little toooo—–.”

	“I have nothing to do with thiiiiiii—– !?”

	“If you don’t understand, it’s best to show.”

	She’s kind of scary and dominating, but ow ow ow ow ow !?

	Ferme-san and I showed a face as if to make up as our heads were being grabbed.

	Rose-san who couldn’t moderately adjust her strength.

	“Now, we’re going to have some fun and lovely training. Aren’t you happy?”

	……Usato-san.

	This is the daily life of my rescue squad.

	Certainly this was a ridiculous place.

	But what is it?

	If you live here, you will be able to become a different person from yourself — this is what I felt.





Side story

What is a curse

	“Ciel, what do you think a curse is?”

	Suddenly, the Demon King asked me such a question from in front.

	After taking care of everything, I thought seriously for a while before answering the question that was asked, where I was standing behind the throne where the Demon King sits.

	“Isn’t a curse a grudge? It recognizes the person’s hatred, or something that is aimed at a certain object…”

	“Hmm, it’s not an interesting answer, but… it’s a form of curse.”

	It would be a problem if the Demon King expected it to be interesting, but I couldn’t say it even if my mouth was torn.

	The Demon King is a generous person, so some misrepresentations will make him happy instead of closing his eyes, but I’m afraid that my boss will know that.

	I’m scared of gossip.

	Preaching from expressionlessness is painful.

	“What happened? Showing such a stupefied face”

	“Oh no. I was wondering why Demon King was suddenly talking about the curse…”

	I wonder how he could understand my facial expression even though he shouldn’t have a glance at my face. After that, I wondered if I really was showing such a disgraceful face towards him.

	I hurriedly replied to the Demon King who talked to me without looking at me.

	“Didn’t I talk about the Wicked dragon a while ago?”

	“Yes”

	“I’m curious about the people who were there. The place where they predicted their destination leads to the story of the curse.”

	The Wicked dragon.

	The story of when a terrifying dragon revived in the world, albeit temporarily.

	And a strange group of humans led by a healing magician defeated the wicked dragon.

	“Samaria, a kingdom that is now called the land of prayer. From my point of view, it is certainly not a country with a noble name such as the land of prayer.”

	“What does that mean?”

	“Because that is the place I know that the hero gave the most powerful curse that could never be broken.”

	A curse that never breaks?

	The Demon King leaked his voice and put on a cheeky face, reminiscing the past while I tilt my head.

	“The battle between the hero and the wicked dragon took place in Samaria. I said that right?”

	“Yes, well… yes”

	“For me at the time, it was clear that the game would end with the victory of the hero, because he was given powerful armor by the Shinryu. In addition, his mental state was extremely dangerous. From this, it was clear that the wicked dragon was extremely unlikely to win. “

	“What was the dangerous situation?”

	“He was desperate. A series of betrayals, heartless voices from the unsaved people — Whatever purpose of the guy who was “tilting” towards destroying humanity, and trying to save Samaria was a miracle in a sense. “

	Harm can be done from the human side.

	It was also the hero who fought for his life for humans.

	Even I, who had little knowledge about the hero, could understand just how driven he was.

	“As a result, he saved Samaria. It was a lot of gratitude to him who defeated the wicked dragon. Thanking him for saving their lives. Thanking him for defeating the wicked dragon. In his words, the wounded hero’s heart was slightly healed. “

	“It’s not a happy story to think that the hero finds hope in humans and causes harm to the demons.”

	“Huh…”

	The Demon King smiled a little at my words.

	“But that was just a deception. In the end, the saved humans were sacrificed by magic and died by the profane who were dazzled by the power of the hero.”

	“That’s… terrible, isn’t it? Do humans betray even their own savior?”

	“That’s human, but it gets worse from here.”

	The content of the story itself is a hero’s unfortunate story, but the Demon King who is talking about it seems to be quite pleasant.

	“Many pointless sacrifices have carved a curse that can never be solved by the hero.”

	“Curse… is it magic?”

	“No, it’s not that easy. Most magic works for him in the first place. If you want him to even take damage from magic, you have to release five or more magics in a row. If you do it half-heartedly, the magic would bounce back to its user. “

	“How bad was it…”

	“If it was that strong, wouldn’t it be possible to seal me?”

	When I heard it again, I realized again that the hero who fought against the Demon King was really an abnormal existence.

	“The story goes awry… The curse took on many forms. Expectations, hatred, jealousy, and emotions from others turn into burdens and wear out the mind. It was aimed at the hero. And — “

	The Demon King who separated there stares at the void in a borish way.

	“The hero was killed because of his own desire to save the human being, he was killed by the emptiness that the battle so far has become meaningless, and the human who cannot die because he was a hero. He was struck by the regret that he had done. It was a curse that he couldn’t leave no matter how much he shook it off. “

	Certainly, Samaria may be called a country of curse.

	However, why do humans who lived before the Demon King was sealed try to oppress their relatives in such a calm manner?

	We, the demons, have some troubles, but that is not the case.

	It may be because there is an absolute ruler named Demon King, but in any case, the human race cannot be understood.

	“What happened to the hero after that?”

	“He couldn’t do it anymore, and just shook off our demon army and fought against me, and won. That was the end of it.”

	……

	“Is that really all?”

	“…”

	Suddenly, I wondered if the Demon King was hiding something.

	Of course, I’m not thinking that the Demon King would betray us as demons. In the first place, if this person has forsaken the demons, the demon territory will have already become a vacant lot.

	In my words, the Demon King happily puts his hand on his mouth.

	“I’m never bored conversing with you. I’m sure only you in this entire demon territory would dare to ask me, Ciel.”

	“That is… I’m sorry for going too far…”

	“No, you don’t have to lower your head.”

	I raise my head after hearing the words of the Demon King.

	When I think about it, it was a question that I didn’t hesitate to ask. Fortunately, the Demon King forgave me, but if the maid knew about it, she would suffer double pains of gossip and sermons.

	If that happened — no, let’s stop imagining.

	When her shoulders were shuddering behind the Demon King, the Demon King began to talk with the same cold tone.

	“This is a little difficult to put into words. To put it simply — the hero had hope for the future of the human species, even those who are stupid and unbearable now. When the times change, people and thoughts change. Looking at the present, which is only despair, we are looking to the future. “

	“The future is now?”

	“Who knows? I don’t know that either. Because he carried a curse on his back, he can think about the future and the past, but he can’t do anything more… No, maybe he could’ve done it if he’d put the heart to it. Well, now that he’s dead, there’s no way to confirm it. “

	“…”

	Honestly, I don’t understand much.

	I tried to understand the hero, but I just couldn’t comprehend well even when I heard the words from the Demon King.

	In the end, what did the hero think when he appeared in front of the Demon King, and why did he try to defeat him… But one thing I can say is…

	“But in the end, he chose the humans…?”

	“It’s a stupid thought from my point of view. The essence of human beings never changes, and the dreamed future of a man who has eaten up his life with fools is the same as before.”

	At the end, the Demon King was sealed for the sake of humans.

	No matter what the speculation, it is a fact that cannot be changed.

	“…Either way, it doesn’t matter to you who is living now. The battle between us is already over. It is the history of the demons that I have built from the seal to the awakening. You are none other than you. All I have to do in this era is to win for the demons — that’s it. “

	With that said, the Demon King slowly rises from the seat.

	Although I tried to talk to him as if he was trying to do something, the Demon King turned to me before that.

	“Ciel, call the Second Corps Commander.”

	“Yes, but what are you going to do?”

	“The battle between humans and demons is boring as it is. I’m thinking of giving them a chance to fight back.”

	“…They?”

	What on earth is he referring to?

	At least it’s definitely not the humans and demons.

	“Kukuku, what’s going on? I hope they haven’t lost their fangs after hundreds of years.”

	The Demon King showed a cold smile but did not answer my question.

	Looking at it from behind, it was rude of me to say, “I don’t understand what the Demon King is thinking,” but I arranged to call the Second Corps Commander as ordered.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	We end Volume 4 with the Demon King.

	Volume 5 will have a little more combat.





