
	“Umm, why are you basically not injured at all……?”

	My only reply to that question would simply be: I trained myself.

	To begin with, I’m someone who had withstood Rose’s fists. An impact like this is nothing much. In any case, just what is that armor that Ark-san is wearing? I’m certain that it’s not a vampire or necromancer’s power.

	But seeing those patterns again, they must be———

	“The second Magic Art…”

	“Correct!”

	Neah, happy that I got it right, pointed at me and smiled brightly.

	“The armor he’s wearing is a special one made by me, it’s been loaded with ‘Resistance’ charms. Its function is easy to explain—as long as it has charms inscribed on it, it will ward off a type of attack that I chose. The more, the better. But there is a fatal flaw to this design… The armor has a limit to how many charms it can hold so it’s not that effective. Seriously, this pitiful Magic Art isn’t that useful so I rarely have any chances to use it.”

	Not that useful, huh.

	It’s probably the worst match-up for me. If it could absorb all my punches and kicks, there’s nothing I can do.

	She probably knew that, as she covered her mouth and tried to suppress her laughter.

	“Fufufu, if you want to stop Ark-san, why don’t you pick up one of those swords or axes scattered on the ground and attack him? If you have some kind of offensive magic, that’s fine too! That’s only if you don’t mind killing Ark-san, hahahaha!!”

	……In other words, physical attacks with my body would be useless. But I’m not going to harm him with a weapon. Even if it’s unreasonable, that’s something I couldn’t do.

	She clearly knew I couldn’t use any kind of offensive magic and was taunting me. It means that everything was planned right from the beginning.

	Her smile also really made me feel irritated too.

	“Haah———. First my magic was ineffective, and now even my own body’s physical abilities can’t do anything. Even I can’t do anything at this point.”

	“In that case, I recommend that you give up. Even if you were to defeat Ark-san, I still have another card to play. No matter how you struggle in this situation, there’s no way you can win against me.”

	Give up… giving up.

	……Hah.

	“Don’t mess with me, you damn little girl. I’ll definitely not abandon Ark-san, and I have no intention to give up. Don’t think I’ve lost just because I can’t punch with fists or kick with my legs.”

	I forcefully tore off a pair of gauntlets from a fallen suit of armor near me, putting them on my hands.

	Iron gauntlets. I don’t think these can withstand much but I didn’t have much choice. I should be able to deflect Ark’s flaming sword with these now.

	I brushed my hair up with one metal-gloved hand, and glared at Neah who stood behind Ark-san.

	“You only know me based on the information you’ve received. But there’s no way you know what I’ve experienced since coming to this world and everything that ‘she’ taught me.”

	“……That’s exactly why I’ll capture you and———“

	“Forcefully make me tell you? That’s only true if you can capture me. I’ll also teach you one thing about me that you don’t know. I——— Hate to lose.”

	Well then, I can dodge a sword but this would be my first time trying to deflect one.

	If I let my guard down for even a moment, it will be fatal……!

	I knocked my iron covered fists together to confirm their condition.

	I took a deep breath.

	Then I raised my fists to confront Ark-san.





* * *



	Author: Anti-Usato Armored Knight ARK VS Simple Monster with Superhuman Strength UST

	Let the second round begin.

	It’s a Magic Art with a lot of flaws this time around.

	It can only be applied on one target and Neah can’t be too far either.





Chapters 73

	“Amako, get back…”

	Amako worriedly tried to draw closer to me and I warned her away without taking my eyes off of Ark-san. That large armor of his… It might look like nothing special but it was capable of stopping my physical blows.

	It’s safe to assume that blunt attacks won’t work.

	Although using an edged weapon is a viable option, it’s far too dangerous when I intended to save him.

	“In that case—“

	I’ll just simply fight. If I can’t do anything in my current situation, I’ll try to find a solution as I’m fighting.

	In order to do so, I would have to fend off his attacks. These gauntlets were something that I picked up during our fight… This is a step forward to victory.

	I placed my left fist at my waist and punched out with my right arm. I also took a small step forward with my right leg. I’ll be able to react to any attack this way.

	“Come at me any time!!”

	In response, he raised his sword above his head and rushed out.

	I was able to clearly see the trajectory of his downward slash… I steadied my hand, ready to block his sword.

	“!?”

	“Too slow.”

	My eyes slightly widened upon hearing him mutter while still looking expressionless.

	—But inside, I was completely shaken.

	Honestly, I’m really scared fighting against a sword this close… There’s also the fact that this is a battle I couldn’t lose, and it’s putting a lot of pressure on me.

	However, no one else could save Ark-san other than me right now.

	For his sake, for our sake… I definitely won’t retreat.

	“I… Have to do it———!”

	I crouched to avoid his next slash, coming from my right side.

	I then grabbed his ridiculously large armor, pulled him towards me, and planted a knee strike in his abdomen.

	…But as expected, it had no effect.

	It appears that this armor was neutralizing any impact.

	I noticed that Ark-san was gathering magic in his hand and quickly put some distance between us.

	“…! That was a close one.”

	I don’t want to get blown away by his magic again. I might’ve been fine last time but if I took a direct hit in the face from Ark-san’s magic, even I wouldn’t be completely unscathed.

	Before I was able to catch my breath, Ark-san leapt at me with his sword again.

	“It looks like you won’t give me any breaks!”

	He swung at me numerous times, leaving trails of flames. I dodged and used my gauntlets to block his attacks… I was concentrating only on protecting myself.

	Hot.

	Every time he swung his flaming sword, it was suffocating… it also felt like something was prickling my skin.

	However, I endured it.

	My gauntlets would clash against his sword and create sparks. When he lunged at me, I would twist my body to avoid it. I continued defending, stopping each and every slash…

	But my right gauntlet that blocked against his sword is getting hotter…!?

	“Hot!?”

	It’s turning bright red!?

	Noticing that one portion of the gauntlet was turning red, I took it off in a hurry and threw it on the floor. If I had waited any longer, it would have burned me.

	I could handle a small burn but it’s not a good idea to take damage when I can avoid it entirely.

	If I was just facing a normal sword, the story would be different…

	“Fufufu… The thing known as ‘fire’ is such a big problem.”

	I used healing magic on my right hand, breathed in, and used my left gauntlet to deflect his next attack.

	“!”

	“……Hmm?”

	During the middle of his attack, I saw his arm shake a little.

	His movement was also a bit awkward just now. Seeing that, I had a good guess of what was happening.

	“Looks like you’ve reached your limit…”

	It’s something that every person had to deal with. In my case, my stamina is just a bit higher than the average person. My body is also able to withstand more physically demanding tasks than most. Moreover, Ark-san has been attacking me this entire fight. I’m only defending, it’s obvious that he would wear himself out first.

	Normally, in this scenario, my opponent would step back to catch their breath. But Neah is the one controlling Ark-san right now. As long as she doesn’t give a command to stop, he will continue to attack.

	“Only if he wasn’t being controlled…”

	She probably hasn’t realized that Ark-san has exhausted his stamina.

	Even if Ark-san was only attacking me recklessly, I couldn’t easily deal with him. He had too much skill, but in a battle where he is exhausted, I could definitely win.

	I avoided his slash, which was a bit slower now. As I did, I took the chance to take a look at Neah.

	“♪~”

	She was looking at me and in a really good mood, probably due to the fact that I’m fighting defensively.

	———This confirms it. She didn’t have much combat experience.

	She saw that I was easily blown away from Ark-san’s first attack. She was under the impression that I would be defeated without much trouble.

	In that case, I should defeat Ark-san before his body breaks apart. Although I wanted to knock Neah out first, Ark-san won’t allow that.

	“……! Wait.”

	If you reverse this line of thought…

	If a direct attack from me won’t work, then I just have to use another way…

	“Then it’s decided!”

	“!!”



	I returned my attention to Ark-san. I slipped past his sword. Then I moved closer to his breastplate and pushed him up.

	The impact of blows from me might be negated, but it shouldn’t do anything to a push— It seemed my line of thought was correct…

	“This is it!! ————Prepare yourself, Neah!!”

	“………Eh? Me?”

	She let out a confused voice and glared at me. I pushed and thrust Ark-san, or more accurately, his armor into where Neah was standing.

	Of course, Ark-san will be completely fine.

	However, I wonder how this person that’s about to get squashed will be…?

	“Ah, eh!? You’re still aiming for me… A-Ark-san! Stop!!”

	“———!!”

	But unlike what I expected, Ark-san thrust his sword into the ground and prevented himself from falling. His armor loudly clattered as he forcefully stepped on his ‘brake’.

	…He was able to stop, huh. He must have been frantic since the position was really awkward.

	“Tsk…”

	“W-what’s with this person? There’s something wrong with your head… There’s plenty of other methods you could have used, just how many times are you going to target me…?”

	What? Saying there’s something wrong with my head…

	Well, it’s fine. I’ll do it as many times as needed. I looked at Ark-san who was trying to hold on with his sword.

	“U, uu…”

	“……”

	—It’s effective.

	It wasn’t damage from me punching him.

	I’m guessing it’s damage from the armor’s weight.

	If my guess is right, then I have a good understanding of what this physical resistance on his armor really is.

	“In other words, the Magic Arts you casted on this armor can only nullify attacks “against” it… Things are quite simple then. I’ll throw Ark-san at you again. I’ll keep doing it until Ark-san falls unconscious.”

	“……You’re comrades, right? You’re going to throw him countless times… C-can you really do it?”

	Neah-san replied with a nervous voice.

	I didn’t falter from her words and got in position to throw.

	“I have no choice but to do it. One of the reasons is that I can’t personally damage this armor but the other is that I don’t want Ark-san to draw his blade against me and Amako. I don’t want him to feel regret from hurting us. For that sake—“

	I’ll stop Ark-san.

	Neah stiffened slightly at my words and Ark-san’s mouth moved a bit. But Amako was shaking her head.

	“It would have been nice if things ended here… For you guys, that is.”

	“…What do you mean?”

	Before she could reply, Ark-san moved.

	He was able to catch his breath a little but his movements were still a bit sluggish. No matter what she’s planning, I’ll just throw him again— Wait!?

	A large fireball suddenly appeared in Ark-san’s hand and was making its way towards me.

	While I was shocked he would use this much fire inside the mansion, I created a Healing Magic Ball in panic… Then I threw it at the large fireball, causing an explosion as they offset each other.

	“W-what the…”

	When we were fighting earlier, he was doing his best to not use fireballs. But all of a sudden, he casts a large fireball at me.

	“A smokescreen…?”

	While covering my nose from the smoke, I was on guard for Ark-san. After a short a moment, something sharp appeared and tried to pierce through my neck.

	I quickly tried to deflect it with my left gauntlet… But he predicted it and grabbed my wrist, trapping me.

	“!? Ark-san!!”

	His left hand yanked my arm toward and past him.

	My feet left the floor, his hand released my arm, and from there—

	“Uhooooh!?”

	I was thrown off the third floor.

	I could see a horde of zombies below me, and Bluerin, who was beating them up.

	I felt like this was a scene from a movie… I re-positioned myself in the air and safely landed on my feet.

	Bluerin noticed my presence and looked at me from the corner of his eye.

	But then I remembered the girl who was still on the third floor…

	“Amako is…”

	As I was about to raise my voice to call out to her, I saw Ark-san’s figure descend down from the third floor’s window.

	If I fought Ark-san here right now, I couldn’t be sure that Amako would be safe. I mean… Neah is a little dense in some areas, so I know Amako would be fine, but it didn’t change the fact that I’m worried.

	Should I ignore Ark-san…? No, if I let Bluerin be Ark-san’s opponent, he could be killed.

	“Bluerin, I’m fine here. Go to Amako.”

	“Guah?”

	“I’m entrusting her to you.”

	Bluerin sensed how serious I was from the tone of my voice. He ran towards the mansion without hesitation and gave a loud growl. Amako should be fine if Bluerin is with her. Amako wasn’t a simple girl who would be caught by a zombie, either. I didn’t need to worry.

	The problem is—

	“I have no idea what you want to do.”

	“Fufufu.”

	I spoke to Neah who had appeared before I knew it and was sitting on the roof.

	Her hand glowed with a violet light as she looked down at me.

	“You only fell from the third floor, there’s no way you would be defeated. I just wanted to change the stage… One where Ark-san can go all-out.”

	In the next moment, Ark-san’s sword surged with even more fire.

	Unlike when I was inside, the flaming sword was now radiating so much heat that I could feel it from all the way over here.

	“Apparently, he personally doesn’t like using this technique. After all, its power is excessive and would burn his opponent to death. Well, I don’t think you’ll get away with a simple burn if you get cut by his sword this time.” Neah said scornfully.

	As for me, the blazing fire sheeting off of Ark-san’s sword reminded me of Mina in Luquis.

	His offensive power is certainly exceptional… I just find it funny that a healing magician like me is outside fighting against someone as powerful as Ark-san.

	“It’s like I’m Nack fighting Mina. As his Master, I have to overcome this trial of fire as well.”

	I remembered how Nack swallowed all his fear and stood valiantly against Mina. My mouth couldn’t help but form a smile.

	Fortunately, I’ve already grasped the method of how to beat Ark-san with that armor on.

	If I can’t punch or kick him, I just needed to change my tactics.

	Moreover, I have to say that making Ark-san fight me outside was a bad move.

	“When you were discussing with Ark-san about a plan to capture me, he must have told you this, ‘Don’t make me fight outside. It’s best for me to fight in an enclosed space.’ Right?”

	“……What about it? In the current situation, it’s clearly Ark-san who has the advantage. You’re not able to inflict any damage to him with your physical attacks while he’s able to freely use his destructive fire magic.”

	“Like I’m saying, it’s something you can’t fully understand just from hearing it.”

	Don’t make light of me, I’m someone who has personally trained under Rose.

	My strong point isn’t my strength, it’s my speed. I don’t need to worry about colliding with anything in this open space, nor did I need to worry about Amako being injured.

	“Ark-san, I’ll save you right now.”

	“Bring him down!!”

	At the same time Neah spoke, Ark-san swung his blazing sword sideways, creating a fan of flames directed at me. I felt a strong heat radiating from his attack… but I gathered all my strength and ran towards it. When I was close to making contact, I jumped over it.

	“———There are no ceiling or walls here.”

	After I landed, I immediately started to run.

	I tried to get closer to Ark-san, but Neah, still sitting on the roof, commanded him to stop me. A wall of flames formed around him and knocked me back.

	“I need to go faster———!”

	I rolled on the ground. I got back up and ran with even more speed this time.

	As I ran, countless fireballs were launched at me. But none of them were able to touch me.

	I’m sure Neah gave instructions to Ark-san, which isn’t a good move either.

	“Slow… Way too slow!!”

	As expected, Ark-san’s isn’t as skilled when he’s being controlled.

	He definitely wouldn’t use these predictable attacks over and over again like some kind of robot.

	If it was Mina, she would be trying to scatter her explosion magic everywhere, preventing from moving however I liked. That would be the most effective way to counter my speed.

	“Alright!”

	I changed direction, turning toward Ark-san.

	Neah lost sight of me for a moment, while Ark-san was looking in the wrong direction.

	Before he notices, I’ll get closer to him and quickly knock him out—!

	I instantly closed the distance between us and, just when I was about to grab him, his head swung around and he looked me straight in the eyes.

	“Wha!?”

	I was noticed… no, he reacted instinctively…!?

	Is it the intuition he developed as a knight? Ark-san swiftly swung his sword at me.

	Should I retreat…? Should I advance…? In my moment of indecision, I used my left gauntlet to block his blazing sword.

	Normally, this is something I would never think of… But the person who taught me was able to break a steel sword—

	“If that person can do it, then I can definitely do it too!!”

	I firmly grabbed his sword as it slashed toward my stomach.

	I’m her disciple and subordinate. Compared to that, a steel sword like this isn’t much!!

	“HAAAAAH!!”

	My left gauntlet started glowing a dull red as I squeezed his sword.

	Even with the suffocating heat, I didn’t release his sword.

	“BREAKKK!!”

	Crack.

	The moment I heard something crack, the pressure on my gauntlet disappeared.

	Flames spread everywhere as the broken blade fell and stuck in the ground.

	“———It does hurt a little though!!”

	It’s not over yet.

	Without pausing, I grabbed Ark-san by his breastplate’s collar and his arm.

	This is my way of dealing with his attack-nullifying armor.

	In other words, using throws.

	It isn’t Judo or Aikido, I’m simply using my strength to lift Ark-san and—

	“There!!”

	“Gaah!?”

	Throw him onto the ground.

	Ark-san’s armor creaked and a small fissure formed on the ground.

	It grieved my heart to hear him cry out in pain. After confirming that he had lost consciousness, I healed him.

	I gently put him back on the ground. It seemed like one throw was enough to knock him out.

	“Fuuh—“

	After releasing Ark-san, I breathed out.

	This might be a good idea… Throwing and healing someone at the same time.

	My Healing Punch was something I used when I punched someone so…

	“I’ll call it the Healing Throw.”

	I ended up creating a technique without much practical use…

	…Anyhow, I was able to knock Ark-san out. He’s probably still under Neah’s control but that shouldn’t be a problem once I defeat her.

	“Alright then…”

	I threw away my left gauntlet and used healing magic on my burned left hand. I then slowly walked towards Neah.

	However, her expression didn’t change. Ark-san should have been an important piece for her. It was like she expected it from the very start. I felt a chill from her smile.

	“The only one left is you.”

	“Oh my, is that so?”

	“…No matter how many zombies you have, they can’t contend with me. You should give up this time.”

	“Can’t be your opponent, you say? That’s only true if they’re just an ordinary zombie…”

	—Wait a moment. She was doing something with her hand this entire time and looking down… What is she up to?

	I couldn’t see any patterns that would indicate it’s a Magic Art. She’s just using her magic on the ground— Or more accurately, right below the mansion.

	Is she trying to revive a zombie…? If it’s just a normal zombie, I told her it wouldn’t be my opponent. Or is she trying to revive a powerful monster as a zombie? Something like Bluerin?

	But I couldn’t see a corpse anywhere——!?

	“What Amako saw before in the basement…”

	The one place I didn’t see in this mansion.

	The place where Amako had seen ‘something’ that frightened her.

	When my thoughts reached that point, the mansion shuddered, creaking loudly.

	“What the!?”

	Surprised from the sudden tremor, I turned my attention to where the sound was coming from. It felt like something large was trying to force its way out…

	What’s happening…?

	I spaced out and couldn’t comprehend the situation in front of me. A blue lump suddenly jumped out from the entrance of the mansion.

	“Usato!!”

	“Amako! And Bluerin too, you were able to safely bring her here.”

	I praised Bluerin for rescuing Amako. After she got off his back, I decided to ask her about the current situation.

	“Amako, just what is going on…?”

	“…I really don’t want to think of this possibility but… What I saw before… ‘That’ might wake up.”

	“What will wake up? Just tell me without beating around the bush.”

	It’s definitely not something good. As for what it is exactly, I didn’t have the slightest clue.

	Amako’s face turned pale and she shifted her attention back to the mansion.

	“It’s big, with sharp teeth… It has only one eye and I feel an overwhelming amount of hatred coming from it. It’s probably—“

	A large hand with sharp claws suddenly smashed through the mansion’s floor and interrupted her words.

	Another hand popped out after a few moments… It was trying to destroy the floor above it and break out. It was a sight that left me completely speechless.

	“Hahahahaha!!”

	Despite her mansion breaking apart, Neah sprouted wings from her back and flew through the air, laughing enthusiastically.

	Aware of the strange creature, I turned to glare at Neah and demanded an answer.

	“Neah…!! What are you trying to awaken!?”

	“What am I trying to awaken? That’s obvious, it’s something that can defeat you.”

	“……”

	To think she would go this far… She’s crazy.

	She would awaken something like this just to capture me.

	———Guh, gyah, vuh———

	I heard something from the mansion, a small voice that gave me goose bumps.

	‘It’ widened the hole it created with its two arms. After a brief moment of silence——— It jumped out of the hole and a cloud of dust enveloped the first floor.

	I covered my eyes, protecting them from the dust that made its way over here.

	After it subsided, I was able to clearly make out what jumped out—

	“You’re kidding, right?”

	Large forelimbs.

	One wing.

	An ominous black-colored eye.

	Countless scars etched all over its gigantic body.

	My nose was suddenly assaulted by the smell of a rotten corpse. I covered my nose as I stared at the unbelievable scene in front of me.

	“VUGYUOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!!”

	In this unpleasant atmosphere, a howl that was loud enough to shake the heavens resounded. Our opponent was the Wicked Dragon…





* * *



	Author: By the way, Usato is weak against sneak attacks. He is strong against frontal attacks.





Chapters 74

	The revival of the Evil Dragon.

	A dragon that is said to have powers close to God, the Wicked Dragon.

	It’s mighty roar can shake the heaven, and trees and grass shake at the sound of it, and any living creatures trembles before it.

	Those who knows the existence of the Wicked Dragon are but a few from the previous generation.

	Because there are many who fear such a being, not many records were left behind, and even fewer are passed down verbally from the older generations. Though what remains are only depictions of such a fearless monster who was slain by the previous hero.

	However, that person knows it well.

	The one who has been sealed off for hundreds of years, and finally reawaken into the present day——-The Demon King.

	As the roar of the Wicked Dragon resounded its surroundings, he who sits in his throne perceives the Wicked Dragon’s presence much earlier than anyone else.

	“……!”

	“Is something troubling you, Demon King-sama?”

	The maid who is constantly standing beside him noticed the subtle abnormalities and asked.

	The Demon King placed his hands close to his forehead and his smile tightens, then turns to the maid in a delighted mood.

	“Ah, it has been awhile since I felt the nostalgic resurgence of an old dragon.”

	“The resurgence of, a dragon? Is there such a thing…… As a dragon now?”

	“Isn’t there one living right now? Wait I’m wrong, there are currently two that are alive. Now this is going to be entertaining. I wonder if it’s the workings of ‘them’.”

	The Demon King mumbled to himself.

	The maid quietly listens to his story, even if it sounded dubious.

	Ever since the maid took on the important role as the Demon King’s maid, she found out that the Demon King surprisingly loves to interact with others. And she is captivated by the words spoken from him.

	Only a few would want to take on such an awkward role, a role of the Demon King’s maid. However, she voluntarily appointed to be one.

	Though, she cannot hide the confusion over the words of the Demon King who went beyond her expectations.

	“Before I was sealed away, it should’ve been killed just like me. And body parts left unturned.”

	“Hah……”

	“It’s power is currently unstable. I wonder who could’ve awaken it? There seems to be a mixture of impure magic imbued in it. Either way, one can only call it an incomplete state. As to whoever awaken it, it has greatly weakened it.”

	The Demon King closed his eyes, and speaks as though he enjoys this moment.

	Whether one can really feel the presence of the dragon somewhere, the maid has only one word in mind, dragon.

	That is because there is practically no one who can confirm the existence of a dragon.

	“Forgive me if what I am about to say is shallow. But I do not quite understand what Demon King-sama is saying……”

	“The Wicked Dragon. A being that is said to be born with pure power.”

	“Wicked Dragon……”

	“It’s a troublesome monster. One who doesn’t listen, nor thinks, and it only follows only its instincts. It is a creature that has abandoned all intelligence despite being born with wisdom.”

	———One cannot imagine it.

	An existence that has never been heard until today, and such a creature has awaken, causing a somewhat unrealistic havoc.

	“The only thing going through it’s mind is destruction and hatred. Someone tried to use it once, but in one night, three nations have been burnt to the ground. Since then, no one dared using it ever again.”

	“………That is terrifying no matter how you put it.”

	Destroying three nations is no ordinary matter.

	The maid herself knew about the invasion that was done by the Demon King before he was sealed, but it wasn’t to the point of bringing down nations to the brink of extinction in one night.

	“It is easy to use, because you only need to provide a place for it to destroy. However, if you go too far, it will immediately bite you back. The one called the Dragon God truly possesses the power of God, which even I have a hard time killing.”

	The fact that he did not say that he can’t do it, makes me realize that this person is someone out of this world’s standards.

	Though he might claim that this Wicked Dragon would be a painful existence to him, would it not be harmful not only to humans, but also to the demons ourselves?

	“Then, wouldn’t it be dangerous if left unchecked……?”

	“Do not worry. As I have said, it is drastically weakened. Even weaker than it’s heyday. The dragon will decay eventually without my interference.”

	Though it has been weakened, it is still a considerable foe, the Demon King cried out with exaggerated movements.

	One can tell from his expression that he is not a speck worried about it, and places his hands on his chin.

	“However, as you have said, if left unchecked, many will die. Having its body sealed and deteriorating for hundreds of years have simplified its thoughts. The impulse of destroying might further spurred, and the hatred from being sealed would worsen. The heroes of this generation—— Their children, their relatives. The two heroes who were summoned from the same world as it. No, precisely those who have a similar ‘smell’ as it would be a target of its hatred.”

	“It’s as though………”

	“A beast? That is right, a beast. No creature is as faithful to its instincts, fearlessness, arrogance, and meaningless in the world as it is. Conversely, no creature is as pure as it. Though I scorn the hero from the bottom of my heart, but I have confirmed that——It should’ve died by the hands of the hero.”

	“Is it the hero who sealed it? So the hero couldn’t beat it as well?”

	“Do not be stupid. There is no way the hero would not be able to defeat the Wicked Dragon. Listen, it’s not that the hero couldn’t defeat it, but he didn’t.”

	“Haah……?”

	She could not comprehend.

	The maid was a little confused. In summary, the Wicked Dragon from the Demon King’s story is annoying, even more so for humans.

	Nevertheless, why did the hero seal the Wicked Dragon even though he could defeat it?

	Seeing the maid with her head tilted slightly, he points to himself and continued.

	“I’m the same as well. He left me and the dragon alive, though in different ways.”

	“He let Demon King-sama lived? The hero did……?”

	“Indeed. That must have been why I was sealed alive.”

	This might be disrespectful to the Demon King, but it seems that the hero is stronger than him.

	The hero punished the Wicked Dragon and the Demon King with fondness and compassion in the form of a seal.

	It might be normal to think so.

	If that is the case——

	“The hero sounds like a very sweet person.”

	She chose her words carefully.

	If given a more straightforward answer, it would be rude to the Demon King to say such words to the enemy.

	However, as if expecting her response, the Demon King bit his lips while smiling.

	“Kukuku, sweet…… I see now, sweet……”

	“Demon King-sama……?”

	The maid was confused by the Demon King’s shaking shoulders.

	He chuckled loudly, entrusting his back behind the seat, and happily asks the maid standing beside him.

	“You, what is your name?”

	“Eeh…… M-My name is Ciel.”

	“Now Ciel. You shall be my exclusive maid starting today.”

	“………Huh?”

	A sudden declaration has been made.

	What’s more, it was the Demon King, the top of all demons.

	The maid, stiffened by the sudden news that is too heavy even for herself, but the Demon King on the other hand was brimming with happiness.

	“Being a Demon King, we’re bound to have lots of free time. There’s nothing to do, and nobody to talk to. In that respect, you have an interesting reaction. For me, the people here are too pure.”

	“It is as though Demon King-sama is saying that I’m not pure…”

	“That’s what I’m saying.”

	Though she couldn’t accept it, but still she was honoured, as she bowed deeply with some slight uncomfortableness. The Demon King knew that the maid was far more thoughtful and devastating than she could’ve ever imagined.


◊ ◊ ◊

	“Alright, should we run.”

	“Yeap, let’s do that.”

	“Guoo.”

	Our decision was quickly made as we saw Neah awakened the Wicked Dragon as a zombie.

	Amako was riding behind Bluerin, while I carried the unconscious Ark-san behind my back.

	As if I’ll be defeated by that monster.

	It’s a waste of time to fight it, so escaping equals win.

	“Hahaha Neah!! I know you’ve done your best to make that Wicked Dragon a zombie, but you’ve failed!! You think that huge thing would be able to catch up to us, what idiocy!! You shut-in otaku!!”

	“Whaa——!??”

	I’ve exacted my revenge on her for now.

	The moment we saved Ark-san, my purpose has been fulfilled. Since the villagers are under her control, and precisely the case, they’re considered safe as well.

	Which means, it’s time to leave this village.

	When we went back to the village to pick up the horses, I noticed a strange wind around me.

	“———-!! The wind’s coming from behind……?”

	I was drawn by it.

	Having a bad feeling about this, I looked back, and we have a Wicked Dragon taking a huge breath.

	This dragon sure is inhaling a lot, which can only mean……!?

	“Bluerin, turn around!!”

	I shouted at Bluerin to stop, and at the same time watch the Wicked Dragon’s incoming attack. The throat of the Wicked Dragon, which has sucked the air around it, has swelled greatly, and purplish smoke came leaking out of its mouth and the wounds of the throat.

	“If you want to vomit, then do it………!”

	While shaking off my tattered uniform and thinking of means to cover myself, the Wicked Dragon who stopped breathing air raised its head greatly——-

	“—————-!”

	It exhaled a large purple mass into the sky with a soundless roar.

	In a hurry, Bluerin and I rushed to the ground. The exhaled gas barely passed over our heads and approached into the forest behind, splashing and scattering a sludge like substance with an intense odour.

	“I-It’s not surprising that a Dragon would use a breathing move… I’m a little touched…”

	Why am I being impressed for?

	That breath must be avoided at all cost. Then, once again carrying Ark-san behind my back, I hurried onto the place where the breath landed, which can’t be missed.

	The trees that have grown around here withered—–Or did they turn rotten? Oh and this smell……!!!

	“Shit, it’s poison!!”

	When I felt a slight dizziness and nausea, I immediately hold down my mouth and used healing magic.

	Turning beside me was Amako whose face is turning pale blue. Bluerin still looks fine, but he might be in danger if he gets closer to that sludge. Ark-san who has fainted would be in more danger.

	“Don’t worry Amako, I’ll cure you now.”

	“………Sorry.”

	I lift Amako up from Bluerin’s back and cast healing magic together with Ark-san on my shoulder.

	We need to get away from that Wicked Dragon—— However, if we make a break and try to get around it, the Wicked Dragon would just spew more sludges towards us.

	Consequently, the sludge is scattered perfectly that it covers the entire perimeter, leaving no escape.

	“So you don’t intend for us to leave………??”

	The Wicked Dragon stopped spitting, and suspiciously squints its eyes, as though looking down on me—— what a sneering sight.

	I remember seeing those pair of eyes before.

	It was exactly the same kind of eyes that the snake had back in Lingle Forest.

	A predator that enjoys toying with their prey, it is their ultimate pleasure.

	“Now, catch Usato!! Fu, Fuhahahah!!”

	This little girl doesn’t know what’s up.

	While feeling tired of her constant ramble of trying to capture me with that terrible smile of hers, I placed Ark-san and Amako behind Bluerin’s back who have been treated by my healing magic.

	Then, I placed my hands on Bluerin’s body, and applied healing magic.

	“The poison gas…… Go to a place away from this miasma and protect those two…… Man, I really want you to help me, but I can’t just leave those two alone.”

	“Usato……”

	“Don’t worry about it Amako. For now, I’ll punch it and see how it goes.”

	“Can you not always start things off by punching people first?”

	I never would’ve imagined that I would be kindly instructed at such times.

	Or rather, is there a criterion of whether I should punch or not.

	That’s a bad sign… Yeap.

	Bluerin nods reluctantly to my words.

	“Bugyuooaaaaaa!!”

	The Wicked Dragon doesn’t seem to want to wait.

	Based on the notebook, it’s an opponent I can’t beat.

	However, it’s inevitable that I have to fight it in order to escape. If only Ark-san was awake, he could’ve burned the sludge away, but that’s currently impossible.

	“So scary……”

	Spitting out a weak cry, I lightly jumped from the spot.

	It is the same fear I’ve gotten when I was in that forest. That scary snake that killed the Grand Drizzly was my first time being conscious of death, and now it was even more apparent.

	“Let’s punch first.”

	What I do is always the same even if the enemy’s different.

	Even if the opponent is a Wicked Dragon or a zombie. It might not have the same strength as described in the notebook.

	While holding onto this faint hope, I rushed to the Wicked Dragon who approached me at the same time with a roar.

	The size of the dragon is about 15 metres, which is equivalent to the height of a fourth or fifth floor apartment building.

	When advancing forward, the sight from below looks like a troubling beast with slow reflexes, however it doesn’t matter if it has been zombified.

	As I approached the eyes and nose of the dragon, it moved its bloated arm around my vicinity.

	“It isn’t just fat———!”

	I avoided the swing by proning on the ground.

	However, because of the tremendous wind pressure, no matter how much I can withstand, getting a direct hit is just too much.

	Rather, I think it might be better to consider this attack almost deadly to normal human beings.

	“Uuugigigigi!!”

	“What a creepy voice……”

	It’s gut-wrenching sound resembles that of someone cutting off an insect’s stomach.

	It sounds as though he was laughing… Which is odd considering it is being manipulated as a zombie.

	The next swing wasn’t from the side, but a giant swing from above.

	“Uo!?”

	Even with a swift retreat, avoiding the attack, it does not stop it’s huge claws from digging into the ground.

	The worst part is that it doesn’t just end there. It began swinging its nails down at me like a kid whining for it’s toy.

	“Uoooooo!?”

	You think you’re playing whack-a-mole or something!? I continued rolling over and over again while also trying to slowly approach it. However, I wasn’t getting anywhere close to it due to the strong wind that occurs when it swings down.

	This is bad—— With that thought in mind, I got far away, and shouted at Neah who was flying in the sky.

	“Oi!”

	“Hmm~ Do you feel like giving up now?”

	“Over my dead body!! Anyways, are you sure you’re controlling that thing!!”

	“Isn’t that obvious? I’m controlling a corpse without a soul, can’t you tell? Also, my zombies will never go against my orders!!”

	“I see… I see, I see, got it.”

	Which means, I can safely say that ‘that’ thing is being driven by Neah’s will?

	Hmmmm, I can see clearly now.

	I threw a healing magic orb at Neah without hesitation.

	“Eat my healing bullet!!”

	“Guee!? Wha–, my eyes!?”

	There was a problem with my aim, but it hit surprisingly accurately. Unlike just now with Ark-san, my enemy is a zombie. So if she stops moving, the zombie stops moving. A win win situation.

	She screamed like a proper girl, and fell down on top of the roof of the mansion, like a mosquito falling down after using a repellent stick. Then, I stared at the Wicked Dragon that had abruptly stopped, and I harden my fist as hard as I can.

	“A motionless enemy is no different from a sandbag.”

	No healing magic needed.

	I seriously punched it.

	Squeezing my right fist as if pulling onto a bow, I thrust straight into the dragon.

	Right before my eyes were the black scales, which also reminds me of the snake’s scales from before, but slightly different.

	I’ve trained, and I have grown.

	So——

	“Eat this!!”

	The punch with my entire weight placed on it, protruded the dragon’s chest without any inconsistency. This might probably be the first time in this world that someone has pierced a dragon with a punch.

	——–Same as, hero———-

	—————-Kill—————–





* * *



	Author’s Note: The next story will be where the Wicked Dragon-san makes a huge misunderstanding.

	Regarding the 3rd person perspective in the first half,

	I felt that it was still too early to put the Demon King into a 1st person view, so this time it was described in a 3rd person perspective.

	One more news, the previous 2 chapters were all 10k characters and more, but due to the update frequency and the wonderful reviews, I’ve updated the sentence volume to about 6000 to 8000 characters.





Chapters 75

	The punch that I went all out pierced through the Wicked Dragon’s chest.

	To be honest, I could not grasp how powerful my punch would be if I was seriously trying to hit someone. But if I were to put it on a scale, it would be like punching a zombie’s shoulder and sending it flying without any mercy. One things for sure, this must never be used on a normal human being.

	However————

	“………Yo-u’re tough………!”

	I was surprised by the lack of feedback from my punch.

	It’s as if I was punching through a thick and firm rubber. Different from the magic armour that Neah casted, the punch felt as though the shock has stopped abruptly, and dissipates by escaping around the body.

	My punch wasn’t effective—— When those words played around my head, a sentence from the notebook floated at the back of my head.

	[The attack did not make sense before the Wicked Dragon’s powerful scales.]

	It’s not as if I’ve forgotten about those words.

	However, that is before the living being has deteriorated after hundreds of years. For my punch to not penetrate its body, the Wicked Dragon’s scale is indeed formidable.

	“………Hm?”

	Since I was upset by this ordeal, I looked at Neah who hasn’t recovered and gave her a good hearty punch.

	Wondering whether it’s just me overthinking, I wanted to test it one more time, but before that could happen, the moonlight that was illuminating me was suddenly blocked by ‘something’.

	……I could still hear the grunting and moaning from Neah.

	The zombie that she’s controlling wouldn’t have been able to move without her permission.

	As if to justify my reasoning, the punch that I was about to give was interrupted by ‘something’ that is large enough to block the moonlight.

	“………Tsk.”

	Our eyes met.

	The Wicked Dragon, with its face turned sideways and staring at me from above with its cruel eyes, we crossed gazes as I raised my face.

	Those dry and cracked eyes indicate someone with a will, and the sigh that leaks from the ends of its mouth releases an unpleasantly horrible odour and rotten smell. Then, the end of its mouth which has been greatly torn is cut into a distorted shape, giving the illusion as if mocking me.

	“………”

	This is bad.

	I have no idea why, but that word came in mind.

	This living thing is way more dangerous than the snake——–No, even the word living thing is to good of a word for it. No words can describe the thing that is in front of me.

	But, the phrase “A snake staring at the frog.” is befitting of this situation.

	Because that is what I am right now, a frog being looked down upon by those fearless eyes, and my body being chained down as if being bound by a shackle.

	If I don’t move, I will be eaten alive. Regardless of whether it has a will of its own, thus before Neah recovers, I would’ve been crushed by the Wicked Dragon in front of me.

	“Ugu…… Buun!!!”

	I pull out my fist and proceeded to punch myself in the forehead.

	Instantly, my consciousness returns, and the nervousness of my body and mind have returned to normal.

	“Let’s do this!”

	Perhaps due to my rough treatment towards myself, fresh blood leaked from my forehead, staining all the way from my eyebrows to the chin. However, that’s no problem with a little bit of healing magic.

	Wiping the blood using the back of my hand, I took a distance away from the Wicked Dragon who was looking at me without trembling.

	“Well oh well, what a predicament I’m facing right now.”

	Its poison is bad, the claws are terrible, and I’m sure its tail would hurt like hell.

	Even my crucial punch didn’t seem to work, so saying that I could defeat this thing would be a dream come true.

	——- Guess I should just defeat Neah then.

	If what she says is correct, that “I have this zombie under my control”, then tackling the main source would end the battle.

	And different from the battle with Ark-san, its attacks are intense, but the speed isn’t much. So I’m sure if I were to attack Neah, it won’t come to defend her.

	Thinking so, when trying to shift this battle to discipline Neah to a certain degree, the Wicked Dragon who was watching me unnaturally turned its head greatly towards a different direction.

	“Bu, Hai——Chi, ni ku………, Minra, Hoe, Bou, uuuuuu.”

	“Meats…… Everyone, destroy? What the hell is this thing trying to say?”

	I don’t know whether it’s just a peculiar moan from a zombie, but it’s looking diagonally behind me, which is facing the direction of the road leading to the western-style building.

	……Is it it’s instinct to return there? Or does that place have a connection with the hero?

	Is there such a phenomenon amongst zombies?

	But according to the notebook, the last place it died was at Samariar. It is completely opposite of where it’s looking at right now, the village where Tetra-san lives.

	“Well, whatever. Let’s ignore it. It’s not like I can do anything about it.”

	From there, I started running lightly into the half-broken western-style building.

	For the time being, I looked back from time to time to see whether the Wicked Dragon is doing anything.

	However, it did not respond to anything, which I might think that it’s moving according to Noah’s orders. With a sigh of relief in my heart, I jumped up to the second floor in one fell swoop.

	At that moment——–

	“Gihiii.”

	At the same time that eerier laughter was heard, the throat of the Wicked Dragon has greatly swollen.

	“O-Oh no……”

	Was it a trap!?

	Thinking that it was trying to exhale the corroding sludges towards me, I tried to leave the building, but somehow the Wicked Dragon wasn’t facing me.

	Not even batting an eye on me, its throat swells while breathing in more air.

	Raging winds swept around the Wicked Dragon, and as I couldn’t understand what it was trying to do, I had no choice but to stand at the edge of the second floor in confusion.

	Then, I heard the voice of Amako who I thought had evacuated.

	When I looked at her general direction, I could tell that she was desperately trying to convey to me something along side with Bluerin and Ark-san where the miasma was thinner.

	“———-!!,, ——————!!”

	“……Huh, I can’t hear you, the wind is too strong……”

	I have no idea what she wants to say with this noise.

	While I used my arms to protect the upper part of my eyes so that sand wouldn’t get into it, I carefully watched the movement of her mouth.

	Vi- llage… Poison…… Fall…… Poison is going to… Are you kidding me?!?!

	“As if I’ll let you!!”

	The moment I understood her words, I kicked the wall and rushed into the face of the Wicked Dragon.

	Despite being exposed to the raging wind, I gripped my left fist and punched its chin just beneath its broken eye with clear hostility, different from the previous punch.

	The purple miasma that was about to leak out from its mouth has warped and shifted to the left due to my punch.

	“Uu……”

	I hurriedly used healing magic while being poisoned, and landed on the ground.

	However, the cure wasn’t quick enough. Blood came coughing out from my mouth, which immediately after I wiped it away.

	“Well, though I’m used to it, poison is still painful……”

	I complained while healing the poisoned part and the injured part, and looked at the Wicked Dragon who was put into place.

	The Wicked Dragon held its lower jaw with its arm.

	As if that punch would defeat it. It shakes its head and got up immediately.

	“I should get up as well………”

	I couldn’t leave this thing alone.

	I’ll have to beat it no matter what happens.

	After healing myself, Amako who was away from Bluerin, ran towards me with a different expression.

	“I’m glad I got through……!”

	“Yeah, thanks for that. I would’ve overlooked it if it weren’t for you… But that fucker…”

	Despite my presence——It was aiming at the village where Tetra-san and the mayor are.

	I think it saw the village lit up in the dark.

	I don’t know what its aim is, but it’s definitely not an order from Neah.

	I can’t imagine her trying to kill the villagers she’s controlling. Rather, she is just a disappointment, showing a strong obsession with what she wants.

	“This Wicked Dragon, I seemed to look too sweet compared to him. Amako, I could finally understand what it was trying to say.”

	The words it spoke while looking at the village.

	I didn’t know at that time, but seeing the horrible nature of the dragon, I completely understood its meaning.

	“Destruction, flesh and blood, everyone, destroy. Basically this dragon’s a mass of destruction. All this while, it has been observing me whether I could be its plaything, but it has found a better plaything behind me.”

	Since it couldn’t hit me at all, it changed it’s motive.

	“Neah seemed to have revived a ridiculous thing… Whether it’s a blessing in disguise, she doesn’t seem to be able to grasp the situation yet.”

	Really, you just have to do something extra, didn’t you.

	In this case, be it Neah who revived this thing, the hero is also the one to blame for not completely disintegrating this giant thing. Anyway, the option of running away is now gone.

	“This doesn’t mean my punch doesn’t work perfectly. See Amako, its temporomandibular joint has come off, and it can’t be closed. Though the outer shell is hard, but the bones inside isn’t.”

	“……Usato, let’s run away.”

	“……Huh?”



	Amako pulls the hem of my troupe as I was clenching my fist and trying to go for a round two with the Wicked Dragon, as it was holding its chin and moaning.

	“What do you mean by running away? If we leave that as is, it might cause even more trouble. Also…… We can’t get out of the sludge that that shit had spit.”

	“The trees in the back aren’t rotten yet, so maybe we can escape through there. Usato, I too am genuinely worried about the people in the village, but not everything can be managed……”

	“……”

	“That is not a normal being. No matter how great Usato is, that thing is something you can’t manage by yourself……”

	It’s true that the power of the dragon is unknown.

	I too think that it is foolish to fight someone like that. However, I don’t have the intention of backing away either.

	Didn’t you see Amako, that shit tried to drop a lump of poison into the village without hesitation. The poison is so deadly that even I can’t move for awhile. If a child or a woman inhales that, they’ll lose their lives in mere minutes.

	In addition, the sludge is harmful enough to rot plants instantaneously.

	Right now, it’s only intention is to destroy the village, but what if it dropped into Lukuvis or Lingle Kingdom? Aside from Lingle Kingdom where the rescue squad is there, but Lukuvis has many children who are vulnerable to it.

	“What if that poison-sparging guy starts flying away and hits a nearby country? If that Wicked Dragon is the same as before, it would bring about an endless destruction.”

	“……B-But, Usato will die……”

	I won’t say some cheesy words that I wouldn’t die. But right now, I couldn’t find any words to reassure her in this situation.

	Instead, I placed my hand on Amako’s head.

	—— This doesn’t mean anything. However, this should allow her to understand that the fear I have for the Wicked Dragon has eased a little.

	“You’ll get involved if you stay.”

	Her expression changed into a painful one and nodded before running back to where Bluerin was.

	Well, my heart has become much lighter, should I go for it.

	“Hm?”

	When I turned to look at the dragon, I can see it stopping in an unnatural state.

	It was slightly trembling…… Is it hindered by something? As I tilted my neck, I found a beetroot red faced Neah staring at me on the roof.

	She held her nose down and points at me with her index finger.

	“I won’t forgive you anymore!! Why must you always aim at me again and again, do you have a grudge against me or something?!?!”

	Grudge is the only thing I have against you though.

	Well, I understand what you’re trying to say—— but if you look at Neah who has regained her calmness and looked at the Wicked Dragon, she appears to be restraining the dragon.

	So it is true that Neah is manipulating the dragon. I guess I was confused when she lost control of the zombie dragon, and the host of the body took control of the dragon instead.

	……That means, if I manage to convince her, I might be able to do it.

	“Hey Neah, this thing has a soul. It’s a monster you can’t handle. You should just return it to its original corpse before you can’t command it anymore.”

	Right now, it’s a dangerous state.

	If she becomes upset and the Wicked Dragon’s consciousness resurfaces, this Neah would not be able to control the dragon anymore.

	“Do you think I will be deceived by such an obvious lie?”

	“It was trying to poison the village just now, and not me. If I hadn’t stopped it, Tetra and the rest would’ve been poisoned to death right about now.”

	“……T-That doesn’t concern me the slightest. Even if that was the truth, I’m a monster living for three hundred years, why would I worry about those measly humans? Did you think your words would inspire me?”

	“Sigh…”

	I’m pissed through and through.

	What a troublesome kid. She really doesn’t act her age.

	“Are you done talking? Then, come at me.”

	“We didn’t even have a proper conversation……”

	As Neah orders, the dragon glares at me with its chin swaying off.

	Then, it tried to breath in the air on the spot. Doesn’t it realize that it can’t release its jaw to breathe?

	Thinking that I should keep a distance from it, the dragon raises its head greatly and turns upwards.

	“……Don’t tell me!”

	The order Neah gave was an attack towards me.

	At least if the attack was directed towards me, then I would have no problems.

	However, judging by the way this shit is breathing in and opening its lower jaw, I knew exactly what it’s trying to do.

	“Neah! Get away from there right now!”

	“Eh?”

	While wearing the Healing Magic around my entire body, I started running at the same time.

	At that exact moment, the purple miasma overflowed from its mouth, as if a volcano was about to erupt, wrapping around it.

	It doesn’t matter who the enemy is.

	Currently, Neah is holding down the dragon, thus its trying to break it off.

	It did not hesitate to spew miasma on her.

	However, upon entering the miasma, a tremendous impact was struck on my body.

	“————Wha………!?”

	I saw its tail slithering around like a snake at the corner of my eyes.

	I’m gonna get hit……? I wouldn’t be able to catch it normally, and my vision is getting narrower……

	My visibility is getting poorer due to the miasma, and I was blown away without any means of blocking.

	Furthermore, the tail that turned into a whip continued to smack on the ground where I was rolling.

	“It hurts………!!”

	Shit, somehow I was able to put up a defence on time, but I couldn’t concentrate well with the poison and injury on me……!

	Combining with the spell from Neah and the attacks from the dragon, I have to escape from its area of attack soon.

	I tried getting up whilst using Healing Magic, but the dragon, approaching at a position where it can look down on me, cross its huge arms.

	“Ku……”

	“Ku, Kakaka…… Kakakka.”

	The dragon that can’t form sentences well to begin with, now with its jaws off, it was even more incomprehensible. What I do know is that it’s mocking me.

	However, it didn’t like it that it couldn’t speak well, thus it held its swinging jaw with one of its arms, and the jaw was snapped back into place with a banging sound.

	“I’ll gill you.”

	“……What the, you actually have a brain to talk?”

	A writhing voice is emitted from the mouth of the Wicked Dragon.

	While returning the irony from its eerie voice, the dragon who has distorted the end of its mouth finally comes close to my face.

	“———I’ll, gill, hero. Not one, drop of blood, remains.”

	What? A hero? Who, me?

	Why are you looking at me when I’m not the hero…? Don’t tell me, he thinks I am actually one?

	“…Y-You’re wrong… I’m not the hero.”

	“You, a hero, outsider!”

	You’re misunderstanding okaaayyyyyy!!!

	I’m not a hero, but just a crew member you knowwww!!

	Also, an outsider?! I don’t know if that’s his basis of someone being a hero, but if that’s the case then everyone in the rescue squad is a hero!!

	I really can’t hide the shock that this dragon is misunderstanding something so unreasonable.

	“That’s why, gill.”

	Then again, I’m in a bit of a pickle.

	While struggling to break this situation whilst also holding my foot, which is trying to crush me from a while ago.

	However, before I could do anything, the dragon grabbed me and lifted up its huge arms, as if trying to swing it.

	“Ah fuck, I’m going to di——–”

	At that moment, I was hit with the same impact as when the leader attacks me with all her might.





Chapters 76

	The purple miasma that the Wicked Dragon spat out covered the surroundings of the demolished mansion.

	Usato who saw what the dragon was doing, called Neah to escape before jumping into the miasma as well.

	Usato should be fine since he has his healing magic, also he’s strong as well. As I suppressed the urge to run away, I instead watched the situation, and a black figure jumped down from above the mansion which was surrounded by miasma.

	“Cough, cough… Uuh…… Oee…… Uu………”

	It was Neah.

	Seems like she has consumed a slight amount of the dragon’s miasma, as she coughs whilst shedding tears. Right after, she turns back and looked at the miasma with a confused expression.

	“Why did you do such a crazy move… Even dragging me in……”

	……I have no time to care for that woman.

	I immediately turned my conscious towards the miasma. I wonder what would happen to him now that he has entered the poisonous realm which ordinary people would immediately die.

	Then, something shook slightly at the thinner part of the miasma, and something popped out.

	What came out was the huge arm of the dragon. However, on closer inspection, the arm was holding onto a body where the blood in his body has been frozen up and chilled.

	“Usato!?”

	Usato has been grabbed by the dragon.

	Shaken by the sight of him being stuck, the next moment turned that into fear.

	The dragon swung him up like a ragdoll and tossed him down at the western-style building.

	“………Ah.”

	Being flung into the roof of the building with great force, he pierced through the building and penetrated right from the third floor all the way down to the ground.

	No human would ever be able to bear such a force.

	If they did receive such impact, they’ll fall apart.

	Did Usato, die?—— Seeing such a reality in front of her, she could not accept it as she fell on her knees.

	“No, I have not seen it yet…… Usato can’t be done in this place…”

	I did not foresee his death.

	The scene hasn’t come across yet.

	While spinning words to convince myself, I tried running to the building to search for him.

	However, Bluerin who was watching the situation as well, stopped me.

	“Bluerin……?”

	“Gu.”

	The eyes of Bluerin showed neither anger nor sadness, but ones with trust.

	“I don’t have to be worried?”

	Bluerin nodded with a proud face and continued watching where Usato has fallen. Are you trying to say that Usato wouldn’t be done by that?

	I’ve never heard of how Usato and Bluerin met, just occasional talks about it. He mentioned that he had found Bluerin when a snake monster killed Bluerin’s parents in front of him, and finally Usato stabbed the snake and Bluerin followed him since then.

	Because they have passed through many hardships together, it may be understandable to Bluerin.

	Thus, Usato is not a person who is easily stopped.

	“You’re right. I can’t be shaken right now. Usato is fine, he won’t be hurt by that degree.”

	It was only a while since I met him, but I’ve seen his actions many times. He’s insane, he changes personalities often, he likes doing wicked things to people, he’s messed up. But most of all, he will never betray me.

	It’s the same even right now.

	I have no choice but to believe in him.

	Believe in what he can do.

	“Thank you Bluerin, I have calmed down.”

	Right now, if we go near the mansion where the miasma is infested, we’ll inhale the poison as well.

	If Usato is safe, we’ll only hinder him. Thus, I shall protect Ark-san and Bluerin here while foreseeing the dragon’s movement.

	Believing that he’s safe, I sat down and looked at the dragon wrapped in miasma. Then, near the miasma, a confused Neah stares at the place where Usato was knocked down.

	“U…… Ugya, gyahi.”

	At the same time, I could hear an unpleasant voice coming out from the dragon, blowing away the surrounding miasma with its one attached wings.

	The dragon then looked at the building, and cried out what seemed to be a joyous noise as it wagged its arms.

	Even after that attack, are you still trying to attack usato……?! At this rate, he would really die from it.

	“Stop it!!”

	As I was about to stop them, Neah who is now flying beside the dragon, screamed at the dragon to stop.

	The dragon hardens as if bounded by her voice.

	“You are prohibited to attack any further without my permission.”

	“U…… Uu.”

	“You’ve done it now. Look at the mess you’ve made! Now I have to go to the village to sleep tonight. Hmm, before that, should I have myself an Usato treat? Let’s chew him first………”

	In front of the immovable dragon, she waved her hands and puts on a thoughtful face.

	Whether she was reading the dragon’s thoughts or not, she tilts her neck suspiciously before shining the magical power she had on her hand.

	“……You’re definitely not a normal zombie, but that’s about it. As long as you’re under my control, you’re just a puppet. If I don’t unlock your abilities, you’re just a mere corpse.”

	The dragon’s body cramps up. Then, from the body of the dragon, the same purple magic as that of Neah returns to her.

	It looks as if the shackles that held the body are disappearing, and the so called container is slowly being drained out from magic.

	If we go by that principle, is Neah absorbing her magic back from the dragon?

	In about 10 seconds, the magic coming out of the dragon went completely still. Neah who was looking at the dragon returning to a corpse, breathes out a sigh.

	“Phew—— What gives. It’s just a corpse after all. What sort of nonsense did Usato spout about it being a Wicked Dragon. Well then~, time to catch him now♪”

	Watching her turn her back on the dragon, I looked at Bluerin.

	If there’s no dragon, and it’s only Neah and the zombies, then we are more than enough to defeat them. It also looks like she needs time to turn the dragon back into a zombie, so she’s not scary in the meantime.

	………I can’t help but feel like I’m becoming like Usato, but this is the optimal solution right now.

	While she isn’t noticing, I carried my legs to the building.

	However, the eye of the dragon behind Neah comes into view.

	“……”

	The jet-black eyes that reflects the moonlight.

	The moment the eyes wriggle, the dragon lifted its arms and grabbed Neah with her back turned.

	“——!? W-Why!?”

	“Shackles, gone. Disturbing magic, has disappeared. Annoying hero, has been killed.”

	It talked……!?

	Rather, didn’t Neah returned the zombie dragon back into a corpse? Why can it move!?

	“I am thankful, necromancer. If you haven’t revived me, it would’ve taken me another 300 years before my resurrection.”

	“Resurrection!?… But you’re just a corpse! I’ve checked that you have no soul as well!! Where are you hiding your soul……!!”

	“I don’t care for such measly talk. It is a fact that I am living right now.”

	With Neah on the dragon’s hand, it stood upright, looked around and determined a certain direction. Neah who was captured has her face turned pale blue, as she saw something in the direction of the dragon.

	The direction is where the village is at.

	And that is where Neah used to live as a village girl.

	“Being resurrected a second time, there is only one thing I will do. Which is destroy, kill everyone!”

	“Stop………!”

	“Why?”

	“T-Those are my things, please don’t do anything to them.”

	Neah pleaded to the dragon who was tilting its head.

	“Didn’t you use humans as bait? Didn’t your father, created that village as a food storage. It’s a place where they’re wasting their life while awaiting for your order to be eaten like a wasted animal.”

	“……T-That’s right. That village is mine. And it is my food source, so I want you to keep your hands away from them.”

	Neah said to the dragon as if she had choked on something.

	However, the dragon snickered at her words, then put more strength into its arms.

	“Ugh, gu……”

	“That doesn’t matter, because I will destroy every village, and every country, and all the continental!”

	“Stop it…… Don’t lay your hands. Wasn’t I who revived you?”

	“Gugyagya…… who cares, you vampire.”

	The dragon smiled unpleasantly, then threw Neah to the third floor as if throwing away trash. There, she crashed into the building and disappeared from sight.

	I don’t know why she wanted to shelter the village, but I don’t want to know either.

	I don’t need to care because the root of this lies from her, but now that is hopeless as even she can’t stop the dragon.

	“What should I do?”

	Even if I can see the future, the only ending I foresee is being killed by the dragon.

	When the dragon looked at us, with those murky jet-black eyes, my body shivered, and I could not feel my body at all.

	The word ‘killed’ repeated in my mind——-When suddenly the wall of the first floor where Usato was blown away exploded and something flew out.

	A blade-like object attached to a spear slammed into the lower jaw of the wicked dragon.

	“!?”

	“Think of it as a returning gift!”

	The dragon leaned greatly to the side.

	A white uniform flutters in the wind.

	A spear with an axe-like blade in his hand.

	He lifted the long spear lightly, and jumped down to the ground.

	“Are you alright!?”

	I’m so glad he came.

	However, he——-when I saw Usato’s face, I exhaled a word that’s different from joy.

	“Scary!?”

	That is because, his face had turned bloody and his eyes looked dangerous from the aftermath.





◊ ◊ ◊

	After being slammed into the hall by that dragon, I managed to keep my consciousness despite being exposed to some terribly shocking pain. Looking down, I can see my body buried in rubble, and when I looked up, I could see the moonlight.

	I have been hit by a wonderful blow. Thanks to that, my whole body hurts and I can’t move.

	While continuing to use healing magic for the time being, I removed the rubble one by one that is hindering my movement. After being able to stand up, pain courses through my right shoulder, indicating that I could not freely move my shoulder.

	“Ouch.”

	Did my shoulder popped out due to the impact?

	I’ve been dislocated several times during training with Rose, but this is by far the most painful. Anyway, healing magic doesn’t heal a dislocated shoulder.

	I placed my left hand on my right shoulder, bit my teeth strongly to endure the upcoming pain.

	Pushing my left hand with all my might, I immediately used healing magic as soon as my bones are refitted.

	“Ugh……”

	While turning my arms around, I checked for any major injuries other than my shoulder.

	From the looks of it, there doesn’t seem to be any noticeable injuries. There’s only some blood bleeding from my head, but it’s not too serious.

	Having experienced the same hits in Rose’s training, the previous blow is still within a safe range.

	………This is not a laughing matter. I can’t laugh at all.

	“My body’s fine, but how do I defeat him…”

	The poison is troublesome, and its smart as well.

	I remind myself that frontal attacks wouldn’t work on it. So I just need to find a weakness……

	Then, I remember something from the notebook that I took from Neah’s study room.

	I heard that the hero jumped into its mouth and knocked its heart with his blade. In other words, attacks from inside should be effective.

	“But the dragon is now a zombie. So the internal organs should not be moving.”

	What’s more, it’s a corpse that has been neglected for hundreds of years. The organs may have been crumbled past the rot.

	———Or maybe.

	“Wait a minute. Why at that time, my punch……”

	……I need to confirm once more.

	I might be able to defeat the dragon the same way the hero did.

	Once I’ve decided, it’s time to head out.

	As I was approaching the exit, I felt something under my feet. The armour, which barely retained its shape, had a long spear on its hand.

	“……This is.”

	A halberd which is more than 2 meters long. When I lifted it up, it has a considerable weight, which felt like it’s made out of iron.

	……I guess it’s necessary to prepare this much for that monster?

	Fortunately, the weight is just right for me to swing around!

	“W-What the!?”

	When I was swinging the halberd around, I could hear the sound of something falling from above the building.

	Don’t tell me, as I went to the nearby room and looked out the window. There, I could see Amako in front.

	“This is not the time to be fooling around……!”

	That bastard is trying to touch my friends this time……!!

	I backed away slightly from the window, held the halberd on my shoulder with both hands.

	I can’t afford to go through the main entrance, I’ll break through as is!

	Accumulating power, I rushed towards the window and the glass and walls shattered and smashed, then I set up my weapon again and jumped at once towards the dragon.

	“Think of it as a returning gift!”

	I did a full swing to the lower jaw of the dragon that was facing sideways. Some of its teeth were broken from the lower jaw, as it fell to the ground.

	“Are you alright?!”

	I spoke after confirming Amako’s safety—–However for some reason she looks at my face and turns pale blue.

	“Scary!?”

	How can you react that way when you see your precious friend.

	Despite some unreasonable reaction, I immediately faced the dragon who attempted to attack again.

	The dragon was staring at me in hatred, spilling miasma from its mouth.

	“So you’re still alive, hero!!”

	“Hah! I didn’t know you’re so talkative!! You shitty lizard!”

	While avoiding the claws swung from the dragon, I swung the halberd with both hands against the side of the dragon. However, similar to my punches, it had no effect.

	Even the blade is useless, how bloody hard is this dragon.

	“How about this!!”

	With the halberd on my left, I threw a healing bullet to the eyes of the dragon. With a small popping sound, the dragon whose view is crushed, growls loudly while swinging its arms blindly.

	However, it didn’t hit me when I went behind him immediately.

	“Eat this!!”

	I kicked the back of the dragon’s leg, which loses its balance and rolls down.

	The ground shook violently as the dragon falls down. At that moment, when I saw the dragon’s chest exposed and unprotected, I pierced the halberd onto the ground, and ran towards the dragon bare fists.

	“If my idea is correct———-!”

	Unlike my previous punch, this time I punched the chest with the bottom of my palm.

	Because I don’t have much power, it didn’t do much. However, my suspicion turned into conviction when I confirmed a pulsating feeling on my palm.

	So, it’s heart is moving.

	I don’t know why, but it’s true that it has one weakness. Then, I just have to enter its body and destroy its heart.

	“Then I have to……”

	When I try to get up and avoid the dragon’s limbs and moved towards its mouth, my legs suddenly loses strength and my body loses balance.

	……I’m not completely healed yet……!!

	Perhaps because I’ve used too much healing magic and physical strength, the effects of my healing magic have tremendously slowed down!!

	“You bastard! You’re trying to do the same thing again!”

	“……Tsk.”

	In addition, it realized what I was trying to do.

	Perhaps because it didn’t want me to enter its body, it tapped its tongue and there, a denser miasma released from its mouth. I recovered the halberd that was pierced on the ground nearby, and left to where Amako was.

	“Are you alright Usato!!”

	Amako rushed towards me.

	I answered her words while putting healing magic on my knees.

	“………Honestly, I’m not doing okay……”

	The poison and the previous injury were more serious than I thought. The pace of recovery is slowing down, and the abnormality on my leg hasn’t completely recovered.

	What’s more, it will not allow me to enter its body which is filled with dense miasma. Or maybe I would run out of healing magic before then.

	“……Where’s Neah?”

	“She was killed by the dragon…… It seems like she couldn’t stop the dragon either.”

	“I see……”

	So she’s useless as well.

	For the time being, I should tell Amako and Bluerin about the dragon’s weakness. I have to come up with another plan before it approaches us.

	After telling her about the weakness, she slightly frowns.

	“We know that the heart is the weak point, but how do we attack……?”

	“That’s the issue now. Look at that…… It’s being cautious knowing that I’m aiming its heart. I can bend it over and go through it’s ass, but it’s better to enter through the mouth.”

	I should’ve decided earlier, but……… I really hate how sweet I am.

	……No use regretting. I need to attack the heart somehow.

	“Either 1 or 8, I still have to go into the poisonous mouth……”

	“I can tell that you’re tired…… But don’t do something stupid that would take away your life…”

	“I can just rush into the poison…… Ah, I’m sorry.”

	After looking at Amako’s face which slowly turns into sadness, I changed my way of thinking.

	Self-sacrificing shouldn’t be the easy path. I have to live and travel with her.

	Also, if Rose knew I was about to give up my life, I won’t know what she’s going to do to me.

	Let’s look for a different solution then. The opponent’s about to moving, let’s fight——–

	“Usato,-dono…”

	“!!”

	I suddenly heard a voice from behind.

	Ark-san was standing up with the support of Bluerin.

	His eyes are clear, as if they were released from the brainwashing effects.

	“You’ve woken up Ark-san!”

	“Yes…… And I can see the situation. I was conscious when I was manipulated…… and I’ve heard your story earlier and understood the severity of the situation.”

	After saying that, he took off the armour which was disturbing his movement, and looks at me with a strong-willed eyes.

	“I have an idea.”





Chapters 77

	“Let’s go Bluerin!!”

	“Guruaa!!”

	Bluerin and I both challenged the Wicked Dragon.

	The dragon wondered at us, then raised its head and snarled at us, wanting to crush us. We split up and moved to the side of the dragon, and from the corner of my eyes, I saw Amako muttering something.

	“I’m counting on you, Ark-san……”

	[Attract the Wicked Dragon.]

	The first words that Ark-san spoke after he woke up.

	Bluerin and I will disturb the dragon to buy some time. It’ll be quite difficult to attract the attention of the dragon all by myself, but I should be able to do it if we’re together.

	“You don’t have to force yourself to attack!”

	“Guo!”

	Bluerin replied with a “Yeah I get it!” growl.

	I’m glad to be able to rampage as much as I want, as I happily hopped from left to right to avoid the attacks of the dragon. Occasionally, I’ll use my fist instead to constantly direct the attention of the dragon towards me.

	What’s important right now is that we shouldn’t take damage, as the main event isn’t right ‘now’.

	“You annorying grats!!!”

	“The larger you are, the easier to dodge!! Bluerin!!”

	While shouting at him, I squat down to dodge its right claw. Right after, Bluerin who was at the right side, dealt a fierce bite on the side of the dragon, shaking its huge body greatly. When it tried looking at Bluerin, I hit its arm with my punch, making it turn to me once more.

	“Nice one Bluerin!!”

	It really is nice to have two people…… No, in this case, it’s one person and an animal.

	Though it’s my second fight with him, the time I’ve spent with him made up the difference. I know him, and he knows me.

	No one is more reliable than him.

	Whenever the dragon looks at either of us, the one that has lost its attention would attack. Since it has left with only one eye, it could not respond to attacks from blind spots.

	“This counts as a sort of combo……”

	With this, it is possible to overwhelm the dragon even if it isn’t easy.

	Well, I still can’t get into its mouth, which is oozing out miasma, so there’s no decisive shot.

	“Don’t think that you can defeat me with such puny tactics!! No matter if it’s you or the hero, I will kill all of you!! You’re so weak!!”

	“You sure talk a lot for a Wicked Dragon! Did you increase your vocabulary after sleeping for hundreds of years?”

	“~~!!!!”

	While lightly speaking to it, I avoided the sludge that it spitted out with a backflip.

	If it’s regarding provocation, I can do this all day. After all, my vocabulary for abusive language has increased abnormally since joining the Rescue Squad.

	What’s more, this thing is easier to handle because there’s no resistance.

	“Your attacks deal no damage to me!! Even the hero could not penetrate my body!! So what makes you think your attacks who are far inferior than that of the hero could do anything to me!!”

	“……Haah, you sure can talk huh. You afraid to be played around like a fiddle, are you really that scared huh? Huuuh?

	“I ain’t afraid of a puny bastard such as you!!”

	When I look at this dragon, it reminds me of that snake that I fought back in Lingle forest.

	In the end, the one that killed the snake was Rose. If she hadn’t come, I would’ve surely died by then.

	That experience made me realize death and found my buddy Bluerin. However, thinking about it right now, I am ashamed of my past.

	She had to help me in the end.

	But right now, when I’m fighting with Bluerin, it feels that the battle with this dragon is similar to that of the snake. The difference this time is that I have two friends that I can rely on.

	Also, it said that the hero couldn’t even penetrate it?

	“I am certain that you are strong in your hay day. Even if you are deteriorating now, you’re still strong enough, so I’m sure you have powers that even we can’t imagine right? However———–!!!”

	While talking back to it, Bluerin was sliding in front of me, and I used him as a footing to jump and hit the throat of the Wicked Dragon with a flying kick.

	The miasma spat out like a fountain, and it was in so much pain that it had its hands on the ground, looking astonished as I landed in front of it.

	“Ggrr, Ga……”

	“For me who knows the real hero, you’re just a degraded version of a lizard.”

	If it was her, she would’ve burnt the poison from the inside with her overflowing thunder.

	If it was him, he would’ve skillfully manipulated his Divine Light Bullet and captured the dragon.

	Because I know the two of them, this dragon which is as worned out as me, seems more and more humorous.

	“G-G-Gyou ba~rstaaaarrd!!”

	The dragon who has its throat crushed with miasma dripping down thrusts at me. As expected, I’m not durable enough to plunge into the mouth full of sludge and an extremely dense miasma.

	If I were to get bitten, I wouldn’t even last ten seconds before the poison kills me.

	However———

	“You sure about that? Only focusing on me?”

	“Guoooooooo———–!!!”

	With eyes bleeding, and the only opponent it can look at is me, Bluerin approached from beside and hits its side with its claws.

	The impact greatly flew it right past me, and it rolled on the ground and fell.

	“I’m not the only opponent here okay. Don’t ignore Bluerin just cause he’s a monster, my buddy is a daredevil who will headbutt anyone for whatever reason.”

	Except for Rose!!

	………Even after dealing so much, it had little effect on the dragon. It’s endurance might be abnormal, but above all things, it’s a zombie.

	“However, you now have a weakness precisely because you’re a zombie.”

	I muttered to myself so that it can’t hear me.

	“Usato!!”

	When I was holding my fist again to try to punch the dragon, Amako raised her voice and called my name.

	“They’re finally here!! Bluerin, pay attention to that big thing!!”

	I asked Bluerin to take care of the dragon, then immediately descend to Amako and Ark-san.

	When she called me, she had finished preparing everything, and now it’s my turn. After a short break, I arrived at the two of them, and Ark-san, who was sweating profusely on his forehead, presented—–a Halberd.

	“Usato-dono, I’ll leave the rest to you……!”

	“Alright!”

	The Halberd’s blade has been imbued with Ark-san’s magic, glowed bright red around it.

	This is the strategy to defeat the Wicked Dragon, as planned by Ark-san.

	It can only be said as a brute force method.

	——-Severe the scales of the dragon by slashing it with flames.

	Indeed, flames will be effective against zombies. However, it is extremely difficult to burn its skin with fire that is thick. And it’s even worse to severe its body when my full blow punch didn’t even work on it.

	Also, Ark-san who can use fire, can’t recover even after healing him with healing magic. It’s not much, but right now he can’t do it.

	Thus, in response to his words——-

	[Yes, that is why Usato-dono will do it, and not me.]

	Ark-san will put all his magic into the halberd, and create a blade of fire.

	Then, I will approach its chest, smash it with brute strength, and crush its heart.

	The steel blade has absorbed so much heat that its glowing red. This strategy might be dodgy, but it is worth trying as there’s little to no chance that we can beat the dragon.

	“Once it is released from my hands, the blade will quickly lose its heat. If you return the blade to me, I cannot burn it as my magic is almost depleted. So——”

	“I only have one chance.”

	“That is right.”

	I looked at the dragon while watching the halberd still wrapped in Ark-san’s magic.

	I don’t know if it has noticed or not, but I’m sure it’s turning its attention to Bluerin.

	In order to aim at the heart of the dragon, I must hit a blow at top speed directly in front of it. If the power isn’t enough, the scale will not penetrate, and if the fire is damaged along the way, it will become just a regular halberd.

	If I hesitate, this operation will fail. Don’t be scared now, me.

	“Let’s go!”

	“Yess!!”

	At the same time as Ark-san releases his hands, I kicked the ground and ran towards the dragon. While checking the blade, which is glowing intensely, I aimed at the chest of the dragon while advancing in a straight line.

	“If I continue——-”

	If I rush——–While such words come to mind, the dragon who is distracted by Bluerin, turns its eyes to me, and it spill a large amount of sludge, covering its body and surrounding itself with miasma.

	“You kidding.”

	I involuntarily stopped and bit my teeth, embracing the miasma.

	Right now, it’s okay to use healing magic, however, once I enter the miasma, what awaits me is a ruthless attack from the dragon.

	“Damn it, so that’s what you’re doing!!”

	It knew what we’re trying to do.

	That’s why it didn’t stop Ark-san who is heating the Halberd, and quietly dealt with me and Bluerin.

	It was also taking measures against us. It knew we couldn’t defeat it in a normal way, so it’s been playing around without killing us.

	“I have no choice but to go……!!!”

	I only have one shot at this.

	If I stop right now, that chance will be gone.

	I attempted to jump into the miasma with the intention of getting hit——-However, something small suddenly came from behind me.

	“Amako??”

	Amako who flew to me vigorously cling onto my neck and waist.

	She was shouting something, and I was confused as to what she was trying to say.

	“I will be Usato’s eyes…!! Continue running!!”

	“……Tsk, alright hold tight then!!”

