	Recognizing her intentions, I deployed healing magic to wrap the both of us, and proceeded to jump into the miasma.

	Going straight through an unclear field of view, I could not see anything in front, not even my feet.

	I’m now not afraid of the attacks. After all, there’s a girl behind me with the strongest eyes!

	“Squat!”

	I bent down, and something huge passed over my head.

	“Jump backwards, then go round to the left!”

	At the same time as I back step, I made a large detour to the left and cut through the miasma.

	I did not overlook a single word of Amako, and responded to the action.

	……This is really the strongest combo.

	Even when thinking about these useless thoughts, I was a little moved.

	“Go out of the miasma!! It’s right in front!!”

	“Alright!!”

	I held the halberd with both hands and rushed forward.

	Then, after escaping the miasma, the figure of the Wicked Dragon that is lighted up by the moonlight waved its huge tail.

	When my legs were about to put on the brakes, Amako squeezed my head, implying to me that I don’t have to worry.

	“It’s okay, he’s here.”

	At the same time, Bluerin jumps out from the side and uses his entire body to prevent the tail from blowing towards us.

	A sudden flashback of Bluerin being hit by the snake on that day appeared on my head as I involuntarily nodded at him.

	That’s right, we have Bluerin.

	It is not just a combo with Amako, but Ark-san and Bluerin as well.

	That’s why, it is [everyone]’s power that defeats this shitty dragon!!

	“Uoooooooooooooo!!!”

	“?!”

	Raising my voice, I ran straight towards the dragon.

	The dragon tried swinging its big arms in a hurry with a terrified expression, as if it didn’t think we’ll come over. Unfortunately, we were quicker.

	I approached three meters before it, swung the halberd, which was held to the right, with all my power.

	“Nuuuuun!!!!!”



	The moment it collides with the scales, the glowing blade scorches its skin.

	It’s effective!!! I continued pushing the halberd, leaving it to momentum to pierce through.

	Then, I could hear the sound of something breaking. The sound of the blade broke from the point of the handle, and it flew away.

	“———”

	I gazed at the scale that shook off the blade.

	It was only a couple of seconds, but it felt like a really long time.

	It’s no good… However, as I was about to give up, the scale of the dragon suddenly ignites, and at the same time, a horizontal slash is cut into the chest of the dragon.

	“———–Wow!!”

	Pure white ash overflowed like smoke from the wounds of the chest.

	While listening to the dragon crying in agony, I saw an object that was emitting an unusual shine behind the ashes.

	“Is that it’s heart??”

	The heart makes a slow beat while buried in ashes.

	No wait, can we even call it a heart, when it’s separated from the body? Since there’s no other internal organs inside, it seems as if this part is forcibly kept alive.

	Also, there’s another weird thing.

	It was a sword that was stuck into the heart that’s still moving, even when it’s cut off.

	A silver blade, with a golden guard, and a pitch black handle——-A blade that was familiar to me back in Japan, was stuck into the heart of the dragon.

	“Why, a sword……”

	“Uu, Uoo————-!!”

	“Usato!! What are you waiting for!!”

	“……Ku.”

	That’s right, this is not the time to be thinking.

	After returning back from Amako’s words, I thrust my arm into the wound of the dragon and grabbed the sword that had pierced the heart. The feeling from the sword is nothing but an imitation sword, and I tried pulling it out as much as I could.

	Then, the dragon screamed in a frenzy, and immediately stopped moving.

	“Ka, Y-You’re gidding, I haven’t even desdroyed anyding, not even gilling anybody…… You bastard, am I going to be debeated by a hero again.”

	The body of the dragon that has stopped moving is disappearing into ashes.

	It’s as if the wedges that kept it in this world are slowly disappearing.

	“I, been used———”

	Finally, the entire body turned into ashes.

	All that remained was the ashes piling up like mountains. And in front of that mountain of ash, I sat there in relief.

	“We were able…… to defeat it?”

	“You did Usato!”

	Amako who got off of my back happily gripped her fist tightly. Looking around, both Bluerin and Ark-san are safe. No one was dead trying to kill this thing.

	“W-we did it……”

	Looking at the sword in my hand, the feeling that grew inside me wasn’t the joy of defeating the dragon, but suspicion of the predecessor hero.

	“What is the first hero thinking, stabbing that thing with this……?”

	The sword that was drawn out from the heart of the dragon has a length of about 40cm, and the blade dazzling in silver, with the handle being black.

	Is this a wakizashi?……… Well not like I care about it, but the worrisome thing is that as soon as I pulled it out, the Wicked Dragon disappeared into ashes, as if being released.

	That just doesn’t make any sense.

	From what I’ve read from the notebook, the hero was said to have thrown the blade into the heart of the Wicked Dragon, defeating it in the process.

	However, given the situation of the dragon and the sword that was pierced, the hero cannot be considered to have just defeated it.

	“Either way, the dragon has been killed.”

	“No, it’s different.”

	“Hm?”

	Amako strongly denies the words that I muttered unconsciously.

	“That, is not someone who has been killed… That is what I felt. So, it might be correct to say that Usato has released it.”

	“……Hahaha, thanks.”

	Instead of killing him, I let it go.

	Delighted with Amako’s words, I stroked her head with a smile. Amako then turns her eyes diagonally downward, shyly muttering something.

	However, the loose expression immediately turned serious.

	“……Usato.”

	“Aah, I know.”

	Don’t worry, I did not forget.

	This isn’t the end.

	There’s still one more person, and she’s the main cause of this incident.

	“Amako, please guide me to her.”

	I looked up at the half-broken western-style building, and whipped my tired body, forcing it to stand up to do one last job for the day.





Chapters 78

	Father said that the living human beings were food to us.

	Mother said that the dead were toys to play with.

	I was born and raised by my father, who was a great vampire, and my mother who was a Necromancer. I, who have two races with a long life span pleased father and mother.

	The way of the vampire, and the necromancer.

	What it means to be a demon, and why humans will always be our enemies. These and various other things were ingrained in me since I was young.

	My parents were really kind to me as well. Even as of right now, the distant memories were nothing of sadness, but filled with happy and nostalgic memories with them.

	However, the two were killed by humans.

	It was during the time when I could count with both my hands, when I was 10 years old.

	The humans deemed us as harmful beings, made sure that my parents will never return from the grounds using magic.

	Thinking back, it was the obvious decision for them to do. Father and mother went too far with their actions. They ruined the food chain of the human being, and toyed with the lives of humans.

	What was left for the young Neah, were the abundant book collections which mother has kept, and the only small village that father has ruled, the mansion which I am living in right now.

	At that time, I did not know what to do.

	Should I exact their revenge? However, the two humans who’d killed my parents have breathed their last, so there was no way for me to do that, which led me mourning for days, without finding any meaning in life.

	However, I, who is feared as a vampire at night, roamed around the empty mansion by myself.

	That’s why I had no choice.

	I was lonely.

	The hunger for human compassion struck my impulse.

	Thus, I who was young and lonely could not take it any longer, mingled into the village that my father has ruled.

	The first thing that came to mind was that humans as living beings, are far too weak. If the children get hurt, they start crying immediately, and when the adults were attacked by monsters, they would easily lose to them, resulting in great injuries.

	Strangely however, I was surprised that the loneliness I felt previously weren’t there when I mingled with the human beings.

	At first, I was the younger sister of a family with an elder sister.

	Then, I lived alone as a young girl.

	The third time, I was the elder sister of a young girl who had lost her parents.

	Fourth time, I was an owl, overlooking the village.

	Fifth time, I was the daughter of another family.

	The sixth time, I became a mother of a girl who has no identity of her own.

	The seventh time, I was the daughter of a mother who had lost her husband and her daughter.

	After playing and bending their memories here and there, three hundred plus years have gone by in an instant.

	During that time period, I’ve learned three new magics, and have almost read all of the books my mother kept. But, I have started to grow tired of the small village that I’ve mingled with.

	Right around 200 years ago, I could feel the limits of listening and changing the memories of humans.

	I could not get any stimulation out of it. All of them had a normal life, and most, if not all of them did not have an interesting life which could excite me.

	That is why I will not let this prey escape.

	An other worlder who is also a healer, a girl who has a mysterious foresight magic, the princess of time.

	Thus, I will use whatever means to get them.

	Yes, that was my intention——

	“——-Cough, oh well, I guess I’ll end up like father and mother……”

	My body is in shambles, and I couldn’t move. I could force myself to move, but only my right arm. That is the might of the Wicked Dragon, just one hit and I’ve gotten injured to such extent.

	I can’t believe that Usato could continuously get hit by that monster and still be alive. Even though he was smashed and hit, he is still punching that dragon without any break, which makes me think that he’s not a normal human being.

	“So, he has defeated the Wicked Dragon……”

	And just now, the evil presence that I felt has disappeared.

	Knowing that he has defeated the dragon, I could finally rest my body on the cracked wall in relief.

	It’s funny to think that your own trump card was beaten, but it was absolutely necessary. The fool who has revived the Wicked Dragon on her own, and now she is the one being cornered by that very own dragon in her current situation.

	I am sure that he will come here at this moment.

	To defeat the harmful monster, which is me.

	“Fu- Fufu……”

	After all, I am no different from father and mother who have used humans as their playthings and tools.

	Using the living and dead humans as I pleased, capturing visitors who came to the village, erasing their memories once I was bored with them. I might not have done things that might’ve made them resent me but…… even if the method was different, I have not changed the actions I’ve done, and I am still following the footsteps of my parents.

	“I might not be needed anymore.”

	Or rather, I feel like disappearing.

	Being overly cocky and reviving the Wicked Dragon, just to be played like a fiddle, and in the end Usato and his friends had to clean my mess. There were no miscalculations in the development before I revived the Wicked Dragon. It’s just that, I did not calculate the fact that the Wicked Dragon would cause such havoc even after it died.

	It was insulting.

	A lifeless body, taxidermize for hundreds of years. Thus, hearing for the first time that a dead body would still remain its soul wasn’t what I’d expected. In the first place, souls can only reside in a living body. In other words, the vessel called the body moves with the soul, and the soul is contained in that vessel.

	“……Which evil being…… binded the Wicked Dragon’s soul into it……”

	It was natural to come to such a conclusion.

	Normally it would be impossible to trap a soul after death. But, there was one who could. A legend who is known throughout the continent, the one and only hero who is said to have sealed the Demon King with his powers.

	If the book has recorded the exaggerated actions of the hero, then the containment of a soul might’ve been easy for him.

	However, what’s left to prove such a thing is gone.

	“Either way, it has nothing to do with me. Since……”

	There was no point in figuring out the reason behind a human being who had died a few hundred years ago.

	If we look at the results, because of my shallow thinking, it was I who unknowingly destroyed the village… That is all that matters.

	“I, am not needed.”

	With those words let out, I remembered the distant memories that were left in this mansion.

	My parents were killed, I cried because I was left alone.

	I wonder what would happen to the village, if the young girl Neah has disappeared———I am surprised at how stupid I was for thinking about it, as I showed a self-deprecating smile.

	What is there to leave if my existence wasn’t supposed to be there from the beginning.

	As I muttered earlier, they don’t need me anymore. Since I don’t have to use that village anymore, and I don’t have to bother with the zombies.

	I’m going to die here anyways.

	“……!!”

	Footsteps of someone walking up could be heard.

	I swallowed my saliva as the sound echoes from below, and dreaded at the fact that I cannot escape because I could not move my body.

	I closed my eyes slowly as I accepted my fate.


◊ ◊ ◊

	I climbed the Western-style mansion.

	Behind me were Ark-san and Usato, closely following me from behind.

	As for Bluerin, he is waiting outside if anything happens.

	“Ark-san, I think it’s better if me and Bluerin…”

	Usato asked Ark-san again.

	Slightly intrigued, I peaked from my shoulders, and saw Ark-san ascending the stairs with his sword in its sheath that had fallen in the hall earlier, bitterly smiling.

	“It is alright. Though my magic power is running dry, my body is unharmed. As for Usato-dono, you’ve been fighting all this time right?”

	“I am…… alright. I still have some magic left as well.”

	I frowned my eyebrows as I heard the lies coming from Usato.

	He has been fighting with Ark-san who was being controlled, then fighting such a powerful Wicked Dragon afterwards. What’s more, he was poisoned and smashed during the fight with the dragon. Based on my judgement, Usato has not only exhausted his muscles, but also his mental strength.

	“Moreover, I have a score to settle. I have to meet with that brat who was the reason why all of these happened in the first place.”

	Before we entered the mansion, Usato was talking about what he’s going to do with Neah whilst using emergency healing magic on us.

	Though I was silently listening to him, I did not know what he was thinking…… But, I will understand as soon as we ascend these stairs.

	And there, we will see Neah who was done in by the Wicked Dragon.

	And then——-

	“……It’s coming.”

	The scene from my prediction is approaching.

	The scratched walls, shattered chandeliers, broken windows——-

	Neah who was laying down against the wall, under Usato’s shadow.

	I’m sure Usato understands as well.

	I know that he’s not stupid, and he’s noticed the foreshadowing which I’ve spoke to him, the scenario that I saw is now coming together.

	Right now, he is heading for Neah.

	“We’re here?”

	Usato muttered as he looked at the top of the stairs.

	I once again strengthened my mind as I climbed the stairs, and saw Neah there, in front of the living room on the third floor. The floor we were in as Usato jumped out from the window just now.

	Then—–

	“You’ve come.”

	Leaning on the cracked wall, the beaten up Neah put up a smile as she looked at us.



	“……You looked quite, beaten up.”

	“Let me return that statement back at you.”

	Usato who was fed up with this, continued forward to where Neah was leaning.

	He thought of approaching her cautiously, but sighs when he saw Neah laughing ironically.

	She was hit by the dragon, and was in a state where she was seriously injured. It might be that her defense isn’t that high, but her forehead was soaked in her own blood, her left hand and both her feet looked as though it was painfully kept alive, and she wasn’t in a state where she could freely move.

	“Sigh——- You’re really staring at me with those deadpan eyes.”

	Usato on the other hand was quite impressive as well.

	His robe was covered in soot, blood marks could be seen on his forehead and cheeks, and the wounds which would’ve been recovered by his Healing Magic, would still show his complexion on his face.

	“……Still, you don’t seem to look angry at all.”

	“Huuh? Bloody hell of course I’m angry at you.”

	Usato who was jokingly laughing just a second ago has instantly turned into his sadistic and sharp tongue.

	Though we can’t see what he looks like right now, judging from Neah’s frightened expression, she was shedding slight tears from her eyes, and trembling from her immovable body.

	“Because of you, my important journey was almost ruined to dust. You tried to manipulate Ark-san into doing something irreparable, and above all else—”

	Then, with his arms crossed, he left her trembling even further.

	“The stupid dragon that you revive has almost caused a mountain of people to be killed.”

	If Usato couldn’t defeat the dragon, many would’ve been devoured by it.

	Neah who nonchalantly revived the Wicked Dragon couldn’t be forgiven.

	“………”

	“You didn’t think that that would happen, right? But, because of that shallow thinking, you have caused this much mess.”

	Neah’s mouth was sealed shut.

	Usato who looked at such a sight, once again sigh.

	“……Why did you shield the village from the Wicked Dragon then? Weren’t you only using the villagers to do your biddings?”

	“……That is correct.”

	“Then why haven’t you used them to good use? You could’ve used the villagers as meat shield to capture me. Didn’t you hear about me through Ark-san? Because I have joined the Rescue Squad for the sole purpose of saving people’s lives, if you’d just controlled the villagers and made them as hostages, you would’ve had the upper hand.”

	He’s right.

	There was no need to use the Wicked Dragon whatsoever. His Healing Punch would’ve done nothing to save the villagers if held hostage.

	“I came to the conclusion that the dragon wasn’t needed…… But it is still a miss from my part……”

	“Hmmph.”

	Usato gave a doubtful look.

	Regardless, Neah smiled selfishly and spun her words.

	“It wouldn’t have happened…… If I’d properly controlled it, then all these wouldn’t have……”

	“Huh, and look at what happened. Either way, even if you hadn’t controlled the zombies, I would’ve defeated you before you could even give an order.”

	“You’re really, a monster—-”

	“Don’t change the subject.”

	“……You’re like that since just now!? What do you want me to say!?”

	Neah shouted as she did not know what Usato wanted from her.

	Usato then stared at her with a threatening look, causing her to stop moving once more.

	“You’ve regretted ever committing such an act, right?”

	“That is!!……… Well yes. But, I worked for what I wanted. Even if I regret my actions, I can’t reflect on it—–”

	“You’re wrong. The regret I’m saying isn’t about that. You’ve regretted having revived the Wicked Dragon, but not because you couldn’t catch me.”

	As if hitting the mark, he glared at her as she shimmered.

	“What you regretted was putting the villagers in danger.”

	“………I have zero remorse over them.”

	“If you truly treat them as tools, then you wouldn’t have pleaded with the Wicked Dragon to not wreak havoc at that village. I know this because I’ve fought with it, that dragon is incredibly scary right? So, to face that dragon and tell it to not destroy the village, isn’t that what you call being worried about them?”

	“W-orried……? Y-You’re wrong, over there is………”

	Neah was agitated as she looked elsewhere but at Usato’s eyes.

	Usato, who sighed at the situation, muttered “This isn’t going anywhere” under his breath.

	Thinking of what he was worried about, he opened his mouth to the frightened Neah.

	“You knew about it. You knew about the horrors the moment you released that horrid creature. That the villagers will be trampled, bitten, poisoned, and rotten by the dragon. Its poison could destroy the body from the inside, melts the lungs, and eventually unable to breathe. Its arms and tail is so strong that it creates crater in the ground, so powerful that it can even crush a large adult. And the worst thing, is that it has a cunning and brutal personality. All living creatures in its eyes are things that it can kill, regardless of whether it’s an old man, woman or child———–”

	“Stop it……!!”

	Did she imagine the scene?

	Neah, whose expression changed into a sad one, snarls like a child as she blocks Usato’s words. Even Usato didn’t feel good about it either, as he brushed his hair roughly.

	He knew that Neah did not try to fight with the villagers in mind. She wouldn’t want anything happening to the villagers, and now seeing her scared expression seemed to be somewhat saddening.

	However——–

	“You’re an idiot.”

	『You’re an idiot.』

	With that one word, everything matched into place.

	The prediction I saw three days ago, and the words he spoke has now overlapped. Looking around immediately, I could see Ark-san being supported by his sword, and the full moon, which can be seen through a hole in the half destroyed rubble.

	“If you’ve regret doing it, why didn’t you realize it sooner? What you wanted was already in your hands. But you tried to let go of it, regardless of what you’re doing, regardless of your will.”

	Despite being frustrated, he spins his words.

	She continued calling his name to try and stop it——But, he continued talking without turning around.

	Usato knew what was going to happen, and it would become a reality…… But, why would he deliberately try to……

	Confused and unable to move, Usato comes close to Neah’s eyes.

	“It’s not like I’m going to kill you.”

	“………Eh?”

	“What’s with that surprised look on your face?”

	He shrugged his shoulders, after being shown that he was out of his mind, crouched down, looked at Neah.

	“Because the request to defeat the necromancer was from you. At this point, the request doesn’t make sense anymore. But, don’t ever do these senseless things anymore. So, go and live as Neah, as the daughter of that village.”

	I’ll check on you from time to time okay? As he squared Neah up with his eyes.

	Did the future of Usato change?

	The future is changing, and it was a prediction which shouldn’t have changed, but there are exceptions to everything, even to this.

	“Fu-Fu fu fu…… For me to be, the village daughter……”

	While staring on the ground, she mutters something on her mouth.

	However, while having a short relief, looking from Usato’s back, the mouth hidden by her bangs was severely distorted like a crescent moon.

	“Usato!!”

	Neah was holding a sharp like object on her right hand.

	At the same time, Usato’s left hand moves at an unstoppable speed. The future has changed——-Panicked by what happened at the mysterious speculation, what I saw was drops of blood coming at his feet.

	Ark-san and I hurriedly ran to where we could see them.

	However, what jumped into my eyes was different from what I’d expected.

	“You… What did you do……?”

	“Fufu? What, I did?”

	Looking at Usato’s hand, he was grabbing Neah’s right wrist.

	What looked like a knife was her claws, stretched to about twenty centimetres, and their ramifications were directed to her throat, not to Usato.

	The dripping blood came down from Usato’s hand was through a nail that stuck slightly into her throat.

	“Usato-dono, what is……”

	“……This brat was trying to stab herself on the neck.”



	He showed her nails, which slightly hurt Neah’s throat.

	So Neah was trying to commit suicide?

	I did not understand what led to such a conclusion, but in the first place, the prediction did not say whether Usato would be stabbed.

	“I was prepared to be killed in the same as father and mother would, how much of a fool do you think I was? Asking me to spend my time as a village girl? If you think I could go back now, then you’re sorrowfully mistaken.”

	“Sigh……”

	Usato sighs became a troublesome one.

	But Neah fearlessly smileed, despite being stopped by him.

	“That’s why I knew that you’re determined to stop me.”

	“…Eh? What?”

	“The blood reveals information, the contract, the price——–I’ll be dead unless you grabbed my hand. However, because you grabbed my hand—–which was already covered in my blood, one condition was met.”

	“Huh, huuuh?”

	Usato was confused as he looked at Neah’s hand.

	He couldn’t understand what was going on.

	“——Demon and human, the worshipper and the one being worshipped, with the testimony of each other’s blood, allow the old contract to be bonded.”

	“Wait a minute, what is with that disturbing spell.”

	At that moment, a large white light emitted from Usato’s hand that was holding Neah’s hand.

	The familiar like——-It was the [Contract] which I’ve seen before being activated using blood.

	However, the contract she is about to make will not hurt Usato.

	But it can be troublesome.

	“Usato! Get away from———–!?”

	When I rushed to the side to try to pull Neah away, my body suddenly stopped moving. Looking at the floor, her bind magic was activated through the carpet on the floor.

	When did she………!? Why is she this obsessed……!?

	How about Ark-san!? As we saw Ark-san, he was holding his head down, trying to resist something.

	“You’re trying to control Ark-san again!!! “

	“Hehe, be a little more obedient, won’t you?”

	“!!”

	“Ara, you sure? I’ll die if you punch me? And if I die, the dangerous magic still remains, right?”

	“Tsk……”

	While coughing blood, she laughed at Usato whose fists were trembling with a painful expression.

	“Regret for the things I have done!! For the rest of my life!!”

	“H-Huh?! What is with that disturbing line!? You little, let go of me!! O-Ouch!? Your claws are hitting me!!”

	Usato tried shaking her hand out, but she opened her mouth wide, laughing, not letting him escape.

	At that moment, the light emitted from the hand grew even more, illuminating the entire hall, illuminating the dark sky.





Chapters 79

	The long nights of turmoil caused by the half vampire, half necromancer, Neah, is finally coming to an end.

	My body was already at its limit, and before I realized, I was already knocked unconscious. When I opened my eyes, I found myself laying on the bed, the bed of the village that we were staying in just yesterday.

	While I was resting, Ark-san seemed to have ignited and burned the western-style building, leaving only the black-burned framework of the once beautiful mansion. A large collection of burnt waste, and a large amount of ashes, and the ashes of the dragon remained.

	Finally, after resting for almost an entire day, my fatigue and magic has recovered, and we went and visited the village chief before leaving.

	“Even so, you don’t have to call out everyone in the village to send me off…”

	“We must never be ungrateful to our benefactor of this village. Thanks to the disappearance of the necromancer, there are now no zombies wandering around the village. We can finally live a peaceful life.”

	Looking behind the village chief, the other villagers are there to send us off.

	And of those people, a large bag is handed to Ark-san, who is currently loading the luggage behind him.

	“To receive so much food from you……”

	“In fact, we felt that it wasn’t enough.”

	I would feel bad if we received even more than that.

	While refusing the kindness of the villagers who are approaching with vegetables in both hands, I noticed a woman approaching here, smiling.

	“Tetra-san.”

	“It seems that you have fully recovered.”

	“Yeah, thanks to you.”

	Next to the old woman where Frank was helping her, the appearance of the village girl isn’t there.

	Frowning on that scene, I decided to ask something I’ve been meaning to ask for awhile.

	“If you don’t mind me asking…… Are you the only one who is living in such a huge house?”

	“Ha ha ha, there is nothing to be mindful of. I have been living there by myself for the past 20 years. Because my husband and daughter were killed by monsters… Since then, I have been staying there all by myself.”

	All on her own huh. So she has really forgotten.

	But, I can feel that she’s actually speaking on her own. She isn’t speaking as though she was being controlled like a puppet.

	Since I got to know what I wanted to know, I thought that I should just give up on questioning Tetra-san——-, but I stopped midway when I saw a hint of sadness from her face.

	“Then again, it’s kinda weird. Even though I’ve been living on my own, I feel like my home has suddenly become wider since yesterday. I wonder if I’m becoming crazy.”

	“………No, you are still as energetic as ever, Tetra-san.”

	Having an emotion that she can’t speak about, I finally turn back and prepare to leave.

	Shit, I guess it’s still impossible. It’s not easy to wipe out someone’s memory. Now that I have a glimpse of evidence in front of me, the feelings kept in my chest want to let out.

	Then, Amako pulls the hem of my uniform, as though she heard the conversation between us.

	“……Don’t worry. I’m not enough of a crybaby to soak in such sentiment.”

	“No, it’s not about Usato crying, it’s about time we’re leaving.”

	“Would you please return my sentiment?”

	Looks like she didn’t care for me.

	I can feel the burning emotions that have risen in my chest starting to sink.

	“That’s what she chose at the end, so I have no say on this. It’s her own job to deal with it.”

	“That’s tough…… Well, you’re right.”

	“In addition……”

	For some reason, Amako looks at me.

	What is with that rebellious eye?

	“Usato’s still Usato. Aren’t you too kind for your enemy?”

	“Rather than that, remember that my sole purpose is to help people? So I’m just helping them when they ask for help.”

	“But, look at what happened in the end.”

	I agree with that, but it doesn’t seem like I like it.

	……Well, I don’t really care anymore. We have to finish with our preparations.

	I checked the luggage, put the food we got from the villagers on the back of Bluerin. If we have this much, we don’t have to make a pitstop until we reach Samariar.

	“Ark-sa~an. I’m done preparing here~”

	“I’m almost done over here!”

	Looking at Ark-san, who fixed our luggage securely on the horse, I once again turned around to the villagers.

	“Though it was a short time, I wish the best to everyone.”

	“Yes, if possible, please visit us again. By then, we’ll have more hospitality than before. Until then, we pray for your safe journey.”

	Again, huh……… hmmm, yeah, guess I’ll come back someday.

	While not feeling satisfied, I wave the villagers goodbye.

	The villager is getting farther away. And inside the village, there is no village girl named Neah. Nobody questioned it, and from the outset, she behaved as though she never existed.

	Surely, they don’t even know the end of the story.

	The fact that they were being manipulated,

	The identity of the necromancer,

	Why the zombies wandered around the village,

	A girl who suddenly disappeared from the village without a trace——

	“Hoot.”

	After the village wasn’t in sight, a little black owl fell on my shoulder.

	The small palm-sized black owl, shrieks with a hoot with its small wings folded into its small body.

	I continued walking without questioning that the owl was flying at noon, and muttered.

	“Is this okay with you?”

	“……Hoot.”

	“Neah, you erase those people’s memories…… Are you really sure you’re okay with that……”

	“Hoot.”

	“……Oi.”

	I grab the owl that jumped on my shoulder without hesitation, and swing it upside down. When I look at the owl closely, which looks visibly upset, blatantly stares away from my peripheral.

	This bastard……

	Shaking the owl vigorously, the owl suddenly makes a girlish scream.

	“S-Stahp it!! Stop shaking me while I’m upside down?!”

	“You little, if you can talk then fucking talk. You know how weird I look talking to birds?”

	“B-But I’m an owl!! And ordinary owls don’t talk!! Hoot hoot—-!!”

	“Shut the hell up. Ordinary owls don’t always hoot. So stop replying like that.”

	I don’t know the details of owls, but I know for a fact that it doesn’t make such an artificial noise.

	As you might’ve guessed, the owl who is struggling to escape from my hand is the girl who disappeared in that village, Neah, the monster that should’ve been defeated as a necromancer.

	She tries to flutter her wings to hit my hands, so I sigh and let go of my hand, by throwing it forward. The freed owl flutters its small wings and stays behind Bluerin, then transforms with a bang into a girl with black hair and red eyes.

	“Sigh, so you’re really following us.”

	“Of course. That’s because our contract has been made.”

	She leans her neck forward, showing her right palm in a cute manner. In the center of the palm, a pattern-like magic circle is engraved like a tattoo.

	And, my left hand has the same pattern as hers. Right now, nothing is drawn on the left palm, but if I put magic on it, a purple glow will appear.

	“Why did you do something like this……”

	“Didn’t I say that I’ll wear it for a lifetime, right?”

	“Then you wouldn’t need to burn your house where you lived, right?”

	That night, after she signed the contract—–It wasn’t even a curse, no magic, just a simple familiar contract. However, the familiar contract she used was not commonly used in this world, but was largely modified. The significantly modified contract has been used hundreds of years ago, where it’s possible to forcibly forge a contract if both blood was paid without anyone’s consent.

	One of the troubles with this contract is that it is more tied to a master-slave than the current simplified familiar contract, and it cannot be easily resolved.

	Neah is certainly a monster. It’s no wonder she can sign a familiar contract.

	But I didn’t think that after she made herself my familiar, she wouldn’t go into a rage. Moreover, while I was unconscious, she erased the memories of the villagers and burned the western-style building she once lived——I was even more surprised that she prepared to follow us.

	“Fufu, it doesn’t make sense to leave a house that I won’t live in anymore? What’s more, I’ve bought something important with me.”

	Then, when she opens the bag on the back of Bluerin, I can see several black spine books.

	……I was thinking whose bag was that, so it was yours? At first glance, it looks like a magic book. Since there’s nothing precious anymore, she doesn’t care if she burns the building.

	“Sigh, well whatever. Then, why an owl?”

	“Eh, isn’t it familiar-like? What’s more, it’s cute right.”

	“If you’re a vampire, then it should’ve been a bat.”

	“I hate it. I’m not some animal who sucks on blood. I want to be a cute creature when I transform.”

	Does she not have a good impression on bats?

	Either way, the owl looks pretty, but the inside is ruining everything in many ways.

	It’s hard to say that Rose and Kukkuru have similarities in taking black creatures as their friend.

	When I turn my gaze to Neah, she struggles to hum while stroking Bluerin. Whether it’s because they’re both monsters, or because of her instinct, but she doesn’t have any ill intention on Bluerin.

	“Once again, please take care of me, M・A・S・T・E・R.”

	“Pfft!”

	Neah said with a full smile on her face. Amako, who was walking next to me, did a high kick. Kyaa!? As Neah falls down from the back of Bluerin with a miserable voice.

	“W-What are you doing!!”

	“Don’t get in the way. Bat.”

	“W-Who are you calling bat?! I’m a monster, not a beast…… Let’s find out once and for all, who’s on top!!”

	Neah jumps up and tries to return an attack, but Amako, who predicted that, avoided by flipping backwards, and landing on her feet.

	Neah dive head first and performs a dynamic head slide. Pssssshhh! After a few seconds of silence, she stands up, wipes her eyes, and begins wrestling with Amako while weeping.

	Looks like I’m watching a cat fight, but it’s actually a fight between a vampire and a fox.

	Well, let’s leave them be. Some say that the more they fight, the better the friendship becomes.



	“A weird person has followed us…”

	“Ha ha ha, it will become more lively.”

	“Ark-san is on the other team then.”

	Because he was manipulated.

	“Since we’re on our way. And since she really wants to go, we can’t just leave her alone. Moreover, I feel that she’s already been punished.”

	Punished.

	Even after being suffered by the Wicked Dragon, and if the act of erasing the villagers’ memories with her own hands is her punishment, she might not have been punished nearly as enough.

	“You’re right, her power could help us on our next trip. That’s what I thought.”

	I nod and agree with Ark-san’s words.

	Restraining spell, resistance spell, and magic that is generally not good for attacking, but she seems to be helpful in neutralizing her opponents and protecting herself from attacks.

	“No wait a minute. If she uses the restraining spell on me, I may be able to use that for training……”

	“I didn’t even think about it. It’s an idea that ordinary people like me would never think of trying to use…… A technique of restraining yourself.”

	Are you complimenting me? Don’t, you’ll make me blush.

	While grinning at his words, Neah, who has turned back into an owl, jumped over to my shoulder. I don’t need to ask who won because she’s gotten away here all dusty and dirty.

	“……Right.”

	Suddenly, I recall the things I kept in my pocket, and take them out.

	Amako looks from behind and takes a surprising voice.

	“It’s the thing that’s inside the Wicked Dragon’s body…”

	“Yeah, it’s a sword in my world.”

	A sword in a leather sheath that the villagers overlooked.

	Neah sees the sword in my hand, and feels some strange power from it. When she hears that it’s inside the body of the Wicked Dragon, she turns her eyes with interest.

	“It was written in the diary. Usato, it’s better to take good care of it.”

	“Hm? Why?”

	“It’s a weapon used by the hero. Perhaps it’ll be useful later.”

	This thing, useful?

	I don’t use knives, so there are endless opportunities to use them. But if I give it to Amako, the weight of the sword may become a burden to her, also Ark-san already has a broken sword.

	……Can’t be helped, guess I should hang it on my waist for the time being.

	I can use it to peel off vegetables and fruits.

	Breathing out a huge sigh, I hold my sword between the waist belts, and Neah who was on my shoulder looks at me.

	“What’s wrong?”

	“No it’s nothing.”

	She quit her lonely and manipulative life and decided to depart and travel to the outside world.

	It doesn’t matter what kind of means or reason there was.

	When I think about it, I remember the conversation I had with her early morning as a village girl Neah. I guess she wasn’t just seeking knowledge, she was finally able to step forward.

	The girl who controls life and death is no longer in that mansion.

	No daughter was protecting the village.

	Right here, right now—–

	“Something like a clown familiar.”

	Sometimes a little annoying, and noisy at times.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	The reason for using an owl as a familiar was simply because it looked cute and didn’t feel uncomfortable even on a shoulder.

	As a supplement,

	The third chapter as a whole is a story of the appearance of the wicked dragon and the story of the character who supplements the lacking part of Usato and Neah until they became friends.

	Neah is a standing character or like a convenient character who can handle support and is the brain of the team. However, she’s a dimwit character because there are places where she’s important and there are places where she’s naive and her mood shifts.

	Chapter 4 is going to be a story focusing on “curse”, but before that, I will update a little story for two to three chapters.





Side Story

After the Wicked Dragon has disappeared

	Author’s Note:

	This will be a two-parter chapter, explaining the events that happened during chapter 79—-





* * *



	“——Hm.”

	After hearing that the Wicked Dragon has awakened much later.

	Ciel and the Demon King who was chatting with no emotion whatsoever noticed the Demon King’s anomalous clogging. Showing an expression that can be both startling and embarrassing, wow, so even he can make such a face. This is quite rude to think about as his temporary maid.

	“Is there something wrong?”

	“The Wicked Dragon is dead.”

	“Huh……”

	“Bad words of choice. It is weird of me to say to someone that has once died, to be dead. It might be more accurate to say that it has finally returned to what it was meant to be.”

	“And what would that be?”

	“He went back into the magic. Just like what a monster should.”

	Apparently, the dragon has now disappeared.

	The Demon King was saying that it would eventually decay, but why was he so surprised about it, as he kept his lips down and snuck a few laughs, sitting on his chair deeply, thinking about Ciel’s question.

	“It didn’t die of a natural death. There should’ve been some extra magic to ramp up for at least a month or so. But to return as a magical element, due to his body decaying? No, it won’t just die by rotting for a few hundred years. —— Or perhaps, one possible answer is that someone has defeated it.”

	“……Didn’t the hero defeat the dragon? I heard that he has tremendous power, as far as the story portrays.”

	Lingle Kingdom’s Hero, the two humans who caused great damage to the Demon King’s army.

	If you’ve heard of their feats, it should be possible for one of them to defeat the weak Wicked Dragon. I thought so and closed my eyes while slowly shaking my head.

	“The heroes. Yes, it is relatively close to where the Wicked Dragon has resurrected, but it’s different. Those with the qualities of a hero will emit a certain characteristic and waves of magic.”

	“……”

	Wait a minute, Ciel thought as she felt uncomfortable with the Demon King’s remarks.

	The moment the Demon King has awakened, he has been in the castle the entire time. If so, why does he know the waves and magic of the two heroes?

	“Hm, it’s nothing that great. It’s a little tiring, but if you concentrate, it’s easy to locate magic over a long distance.”

	“…That’s bullshit. Then, would it not be easy for the Demon King to find the whereabouts of the heroes……?”

	“Certainly not, long-range magic detection is like finding a single star out of a starry night sky. It’s much difficult to find if it’s buried in many places. Moreover, I’m only detecting it by force, and the heroes have just learned their magic recently when we invaded the Lingle Kingdom.”

	What’s more, it is incredibly tiresome. The Demon King mutters that it is useless because of how impractical it is.

	From Ciel’s point of view, you can only marvel at the power of the Demon King, who can perform magic detection.

	“But, there is an exception…… That is when a magic with a strong personality, like say the Wicked Dragon emits. The magic of a dragon is relatively easy to detect because of its strong presence.”

	Is that why you could grasp the number of surviving dragons.

	Certainly, a dragon living for a long time must have a pure and terrible presence of magic, rather than a human with mixed blood.

	“Back to the story. It is a fact that the Wicked Dragon was defeated by someone——–And by a human.”

	“A human, you say…”

	“There were five magic reactions around the Wicked Dragon. A half necromancer and vampire demon, a beast with clairvoyance, a human with flame magic——-And a human with healing magic.”

	“What’s with that team that’s been scrambled up randomly……”

	There’s only one who could use fire magic.

	The half-demon, and the beast with clairvoyance, then a healing magic-user. This would give anyone a headache if they heard that these are the ones concentrated around the Wicked Dragon.

	“……Did these circus clowns defeat the Wicked Dragon? Like, laugh till you die…… Or something?”

	“Your jokes are interesting. Just listening to you has made my stomach all twisted. I’m looking forward to our next chat.”

	Showing a NOT in the least happy emotion even if she was told that, as no expression was wasted.

	Returning such a serious gaze, Ciel’s cheeks are reddened as she agonizes in shame.

	“It doesn’t matter how they’ve defeated the dragon anymore. What’s interesting is the people of the race who defeated the dragon. At least before I was sealed, humans were themselves the top of the race. Such a stupid creature claiming to be one, and they’re still the same, that is what I thought…… But apparently, some people are as weird as he was.”

	The Demon King mutters as he puts his hand on his forehead, slowly rises and looks up.

	There is only a black ceiling in front of his gaze, but he may have been seeing something else.

	“But, this is only the beginning.”

	At that moment, Ciel witnessed a face coloured by the struggles of the Demon King.

	A magnificent smile that makes you feel innocent, but gives you the impression of power to get your spines cold.

	“The roar of the Wicked Dragon will spread across the continent, and that will cause a variety of major changes. A terrible curse of contraindication. The dragon who lives in this world and his blood relatives, and our demons. Things are about to get interesting from here on out, Ciel, it’s war, the struggle that was repeated a long time ago shall begin again in this era.”

	Ciel can’t answer anything to the Demon King’s words but silently listens.

	The voice of the Demon King, who smiled quietly without giving her an eye, made a brimming light in the dark hall.





Side Story

Disciple going to Lingle Kingdom

	Lingle Kingdom.

	A city where commerce is thriving is being threatened by the Demon King’s army.

	Also, it is the country where the rescue squad resides, which my teacher Usato-san lives.

	Getting on a merchant’s carriage, it was my first time visiting this country, as I nervously got down from the carriage, and stopped at the front entrance.

	“Thank you for sending me this far.”

	“I don’t mind it. I too enjoyed myself after a long trip.”

	I thanked the merchant for bringing me here from Lukvis, and I decided to step into the city of Lingle.

	It didn’t take long to get here.

	I handed out my leave of absence directly to Gladys, the director of the school, and quit school altogether. Then, wrote a letter to thank and remind my parents who tentatively raised me up till now, and finally called out to Mina to have a talk.

	What was surprising was that Gladys approved my notice of withdrawal, as if knowing it was going to happen. Then, she apologized to me for not being able to do anything.

	I was surprised by the sudden apology, but she is the director of the school who accepted me, knowing about the power struggles of the aristocrats as well. She was relieved that it has ended, but not everything has worked out, and she arranged for me to go with a merchant, destined for Lingle Kingdom.

	It was indeed a happy story, as she was looking out for me.



	And, the talk with Mina.

	That is… I think that it wasn’t meaningless to me. In the end, we fought…… But it’s not like we got along well to begin with, so there’s nothing to quarrel about.



	(traitorAIZEN: these 2 illustrations are from LN vol.4. Maybe it’s just skipped in the WN)

	Speaking of my only remorse, I wished to hang out with Kyo-san for a little while more.

	Because they were the first people to talk to me when I came to this country. When I left Lukvis, they showed no embarrassment and cried their hearts out.

	“Ooh…”

	The scenery of a vibrant city spreads out in my field of view, and unlike countries with high percentages of children such as Lukvis, there were more adults here.

	It’s a relaxing place, free from nobles and commoner scrutinies. When I felt the air of the city on my skin, I took a deep breath to suppress my feelings of uplifting.

	……No no, I’m not here to enjoy the scenery.

	I take out the letter that I put in my bag and remember the reason why I came here.

	“……Okay.”

	The introduction letter given by Usato-san.

	The first thing is to give this letter to the leader of the rescue squad. To do that, I must first know the location of the rescue squad.

	I approached a nearby shop for the time being and talked to a younger guy who sells fruits, asking them whether they knew about the place.

	“Uhm, excuse me.”

	“Hmm? What is it, sir? It looks like you came from the outside…”

	“I’m from Lukvis, a neighbouring country, sorry but can I ask for directions?”

	“Ha ha ha, you don’t have to be afraid. And, where do you want to know?”

	When I was being nervous, a generous reaction came back from the young man.

	Being embarrassed by his words, I asked him where I wanted to go.

	“Do you know where the rescue squad is?”

	“The rescue squad? Are you not feeling well?”

	“Ah no, that’s not it……”

	“Then, do you want to find someone to cure you? Isn’t it better to find a clinic than the rescue squad?”

	Apparently, he has mistaken me for a traveller who came for healing magic.

	In such a case, it is important to clearly assert your opinion…

	Though I’m not very good at it, but let’s be brave this time. I’m different from before.

	“Uhmm, I, want to join the rescue squad, thus I want to know its location. That’s why I want to know where it is instead of a clinic and…, wait what’s the matter?”

	The moment I said it unexpectedly in a loud voice, the young man, who had a smile in front of me, froze, together with everyone who heard us.

	Looking at the strange surroundings and going “Eh? Eh?”, I was confused. The young man grabs me by the shoulders. At the same time, the people around me gathered in a hurry.

	“Sir, you should just give up.”

	“You’re still young. There’s no point going for a hunt gunless…”

	“If you’re looking for a place to work, I’ll hire you…… So please don’t go into despair.”

	“Young boy, you’re a courageous person. That’s why you don’t have to go down to the depths of hell.”

	“Eh, Eeeeeeh?!”

	The young man I was talking to, a nearby old man who was sitting silently, the shopkeeper lady, the knight who was passing by, and the people around me stopped and talked to me at an extraordinary level.

	Everyone, I know they are saying it out of pure kindness, but——- Usaton-san?! What kind of rescue squad are you recommending me?! This, it’s that, isn’t it?! It’s like asking a warrior to stop heading to their demise right?!

	“I know that you admire the rescue squad. They are like heroes to us, helping the people who live in this kingdom. But, they live in a different world from us…… They would ask you to run while carrying a demon beast on your back, running up while screaming strange words, and finally Rose-sama, the leader of the rescue squad punching Usa-, I mean a bright child being punched to oblivion.”

	These are some familiar actions which I’ve experienced before.

	And did they just mention Usato-san just now?

	I guess that person carrying a demon beast is Usato running with Bluerin.

	“Uhm, is that about Usato-san?”

	“I see, so you knew about it… He… Usato-sama is a particularly strange person. He’s a terrific person that even words couldn’t describe. Seriously, what an absurd young boy…”

	The young man showed a distant eye.

	Really, what did he do? I was worried, but I feel like if I were to ask more, the common sense that’s barely left in me will be so fragile that I’ll collapse.

	“Who introduced you to them? Who pranked such an innocent child as you to recommend the rescue squad…… I can forgive if you’re just being endlessly courageous, but if you’re making fun of the rescue squad…”

	The rest were nodding in agreement with the young man who was angry.

	So, the rescue squad is a great place after all.

	But, don’t be misled.

	“The one who introduced me is none other than Usato-san himself!! And, I am a healer as well, that’s why……”

	I was so stunned that I was lost for words. Because I was the one who gave up on being a healer myself.

	Back in Lukvis, there were only cold gaze of disdain and disappointment.

	If I were to take such a gaze here——thinking about it, I got scared of the reaction I was about to get from the people here, however, the response returned was something surprising to me.

	“An introduction from Usato-sama?! Haa——–aaaah, I see I see, I’m sorry for the huge misunderstanding.”

	“Eh… Ah, yes.”

	I was surprised, but the reaction was completely different from Lukvis.

	Instead of being despised, or being looked down at, rather, they were showing emotions close to joy.

	Looking around, it seems that the people in this city who knew that I was introduced by Usato-san had relaxed their desperate expressions from before.

	I didn’t believe in Usato-san’s words when he said that the perception of healers is not shunned upon in this kingdom.

	However, when I saw the people in front of me, they say otherwise, as they seemed to accept healing magicians like me.

	“Looking at Usato-sama, I suppose others won’t know about him. Even I was still trapped in common sense…”

	“No, I just didn’t explain more…”

	I think it’s okay to be stuck in common sense. Even if I haven’t come here, I can see how much the rescue squad, including Usato-san, are doing things out of the ordinary.

	Looking around, bewildered by the young man’s words, the people in the city were all relieved, desperately looking forward and stroking their chests.

	“We don’t have to worry if you’re introduced by Usato-sama.”

	“It’s a-okay if Usato-sama approves.”

	“It’s normal to think that. No…… eventually, people like him—–”

	The misunderstandings were surprisingly solved.

	Usato-san, how much did you really do in this country… I feel like I’m winning their trust in another direction.

	“So, you wanna join the rescue squad?”

	“!…… Ye, Yes. That’s right.”

	Suddenly, I was puzzled by the reactions around me when a voice talks to me.

	When I turned, a woman who looked to be the same age as Usato-san curiously approached me.

	She nodded at me who answered immediately, and turned to the young man in front of me.

	“Sorry~. I’ll be sending this child to the rescue squad~”

	“Hmm? Ooh!! If it isn’t Olga-san’s younger sister! He’ll be safe if you take him there. Sir, do your best!”

	? Based on their reaction, is the woman next to him somehow related to the rescue squad?

	As long as she guides me, it doesn’t matter who though.

	“Let’s go!”

	“Y-Yes.”

	With that, I can finally go to the rescue squad.

	I thought so, as the people who saw me off were waving to me.


◊ ◊ ◊

	“Hello! My name is Ururu, 18 years old!! What is your name?”

	Soon after we started walking, she——Ururu-san started introducing herself.

	“Eh, Na-Nack, Aga… No, my name is Nack. I’m 12 years old!!”

	The name Agareth is a noble name, but I immediately restate.

	Now that I’ve abandoned my noble name, I’m just Nack. Even though she was a little more vocal, she introduced herself, and with a smile, and walked as she gently stroked my head.

	“Fumu fumu, Nack-kun huh. 12 years old—- That’s great~”

	“W-Wait……”



	She’s completely treating me like a child.

	“Ah, sorry. Kukuru-chan hasn’t allowed me to stroke her recently, so…”

	“Kukuru-chan?”

	“Aah it’s nothing, just talking to myself.”

	Ururu-san waves her hand as to fool me.

	“You said that you were introduced by Usato-kun right?”

	“Yes…… so you heard about it as well?”

	“Well, obviously. While strolling in the city, I heard someone saying ‘I want to join the rescue squad!’, of course, everyone would be interested.”

	Did I really make such a loud voice?

	I was a little embarrassed and my cheeks got hot. Looking at me, Ururu-san smiled and continued talking to me.

	“Isn’t Usato-kun an interesting child?”

	“…Yes. He is an incredible person. Also, he is my benefactor.”

	“Your benefactor? What did he do?”

	“He trained me. Well, he chased, kicked, abused, and said a lot of mean things to me. But overall, I’m grateful.”

	“W-Wait a minute, Onee-san doesn’t get how all of that is being grateful…”

	Oh no, I’ve accidentally said the contents of my training, and Usato-san will be transmitted as a person who does terrible things.

	“Arere~, it seems to me that Usato-kun’s training policy is similar to that of someone’s…” As she mutters to herself.

	Wah, I have to change the subject…

	“W-What is Ururu-san’s relationship with Usato-san?”

	It’s different from how the other citizens called him.

	“My relationship? Hmm, a dependable sister of sort? Maybe that’s too much…… I’m a friend of his.”

	“Is that so…”

	“But it’s been less than half a year since I got to know him. Really, he grew so quickly that even I couldn’t fathom. I guess when the Demon King’s army attacked, he had to quickly become strong.”

	The Demon army, an army controlled by the Demon King trying to invade Lingle Kingdom. In a battle before, Usato-san ran along the battlefield with his master, the rescue squad’s leader, and healed many injuries.

	After only three days of training, Usato-san and his squad members fought in a place where they were present for no more than three minutes.

	Meanwhile, I’m about to enter such a place.

	“Ururu-san, objectively speaking, would I be worthy of a person to join the rescue squad?”

	Worrying about it, I asked Ururu-san a miserable question.

	Ururu-san who was walking next to me answered with an awkward smile after groaning and pondering.

	“Hmm? I don’t know.”

	“…I-Is that so…”

	Should I rejoice that I wasn’t told I couldn’t join?

	“But, if Usato-kun recommended you, it’ll be because he decided you had the potential.”

	“Potential…”

	“Because he knows the rigour of his training more than anyone else. He has the same healing magic as the leader, and he has the strength to survive such harsh training. Him sending you here means he has judged that you had the heart to withstand the training from his leader.”

	I can withstand the training…… My heart.

	“I don’t know much about Nack-kun. However, if Usato-kun had advised you to join the rescue squad, then I think it’s okay. Though you have to decide for yourself whether it’s the right decision.”

	Yes, it’s none other than Usato-san who pushed me.

	He wrote the letter of introduction for me, and I’ve been worrying about it for a long time. I can’t return anymore since I’m already here.

	“It’s good to be worried now… Because this is the only time you can afford to be worried.”

	“Eh?”

	“Well then, we’re almost there Nack-kun!”

	Did she just casually shrug some scary things off just now?

	Basically, she’s telling me to be prepared for what’s about to come?! I followed Ururu-san who is walking while humming.

	As we went along the road, the cityscape overflowing with buildings gradually decreased, in return lush trees grow. In front of it was a road leading into the woods, and agate made of trees that separated the city from this place.

	A short letter is carved on the gate made of tree.

	“Rescue… squad.”

	——Was written.

	Ururu-san happily nodded as I muttered, walked in front of the gate and widened her arms as if to welcome me as I pass.

	“Welcome to the rescue squad, Nack-kun. I really wanted to show you around, but this is where I stop! I’m looking forward to seeing you as a friend of the rescue squad next time~!”

	“……Befriend? Wait don’t tell me!?”

	“Well, I’ll see you later~!”

	Before I could respond, Ururu-san went back to the city. I was stunned by her sudden disappearance, but I remembered the previous conversation and laughed unexpectedly.

	“Ha, ha ha ha, I guess there are many people with a strong personality as the rescue squad.”

	Even at first glance, Usato-san seems to be normal, but when it comes to training, his behaviour was radical, as if he was a different person altogether.

	—–Wait a minute. Didn’t Ururu-san said, “I’ll see you later~?” Did she say that to me? Rather, it’s like I’ll be the one looking for her later—–

	“Oi.”

	“!?”

	Looking at the city, suddenly someone approached me from behind with a collar. As if I was like a cat being frightened, I looked behind me and peeked at who was shouting.

	There—-

	“Kid, are you lost?”

	“That’s bad yeah…… A child like you shouldn’t be comin’ to a place like this.”

	There were two men with terrible-looking faces.

	Both of them have an extraordinarily good physique, and their atmosphere and appearances were not decent.

	While the man who has his collar being grabbed, he intends to smile, he warps his mouth no further and speaks out, but he does not have much power.

	“Hi… E……”

	A person with a scary face is talking to me!?

	I’m so scared right now?!

	I’m as scared as when Usato-san got angry at me?!

	“Mil, your face is fucking scaring him.”

	“What is there to be fearful!? Then, your fuckin’ face ain’t so different from me!!”

	“I’m good cause I’m aware of it, idiot.”

	And he’s aware of it?!

	I remembered the letter that I held in my hand whilst my shoulders were shaking, I decided to show it to the strong people in front of me.

	Like Ururu-san said, if this is the rescue squad, then these people are the members. Also, their atmosphere does give off a bit like Usato-san…

	“Ah, uhmm… Th- th- th- th- th- this.”

	“Huuh? A letter? Did you purposely bring it here?…!”

	After receiving the letter, the man’s face distorted into a terrible look.

	Though he showed a suspicious face, after seeing the name written in the letter, his eyes opened wide.

	“What’s wrong Alex.”

	“It’s from Usato. Addressed to the leader.”

	“Ooh, so that little shit’s doing fine. Well, since you’re here to send a letter, you’re off the hook.”

	The hand is removed from the collar that has been grabbed, and he is lowered to the ground.

	The man called Alex squats down at me, who has landed on the ground.

	“I saw Ururu send you here…… So you wanna join our squad?”

	“…Yes!”

	“Aite. Take this and go directly to the leader.”

	Alex, who returned the letter to me, asked me to follow him and waited for me without saying a word.

	The other man, called Mill, urges me by poking my back slightly.

	The road leading to the back of the forest is Usato-san’s master, the leader of the rescue squad.

	I was tightening my mind and swallowed my saliva.


◊ ◊ ◊

	“It has a dormitory feel to it…”

	The place guided by Alex-san and Mill-san looked like a refugee dormitory.

	The two of them said, “Wait here, we’ll call the leader.”, and walked away from the dormitory and away from the road where I came, so I alone waited in front of the dormitory entrance.

	“It looks a bit like Kyo-san’s place.”

	Looking at the slightly old building, it looks similar to the dormitory where Kyo-san lived in Lukuvis.

	Even though it hasn’t been long, I was immersed in a nostalgic feeling, as someone approaches from the direction where Alex-san and Mill-san walked.

	Did they return? As I turned, I saw not a big man, but a long-haired woman approaching here while dragging something.

	“……”

	I froze.

	This is similar to how Usato-san really trained me.

	I was watching the woman despite the vague chills, but when I saw she came out of the trees to a place where the sun hits, I startled.

	“E, Eeeeeh?!”

	A beautiful green hair, with the same white uniform as Usato-san——And, a white hair and brownish skin girl was being held by the collar with her right arm.

	The woman was dragging a girl who seems to be a demon who looks to be unconscious.

	Her bangs that hide her right sharp eyes seemingly shooting right at you. What surprised me the most was that, as Usato-san said, she had a carnivorous atmosphere.

	T-This person… No doubt. She somehow resembles Usato-san, that I can definitely say so.

	“Ou, so you’re the candidate?”



	It’s the leader of the rescue squad, Rose… san.

	The boss and master of Usato-san, the person who is organizing the rescue squad that I will be entering from here on out.

	She calls me and throws the girl who she’s dragging with one hand on the grass nearby.

	“Guee, e, where am I? I, can’t remember……”

	The girl who seems to have risen holds her head as if she noticed she was dropped.

	“Go rest.”

	“!? Y-Yes!! I shall do my best to rest myself!!”

	The moment the word ‘rest’ pops out, the face of the young girl immediately brightens, as she sits down on the grass.

	I wonder what it means to do your best in resting…? No no, that’s not the time to be thinking about it.

	For now, let me give the letter that I was holding to the woman in front of me.

	“M-My name is Nack!! I, I am a healing magician… I was sent here by Usato-san!”

	“…”

	However, she did not respond to the letter I showed.

	Did I make a mistake? When I try to raise my face, I was hit by a tremendous shock on my forehead and was blown away.

	“Ga… Ooo?!”

	When I landed while holding down on my forehead, I saw Rose-san with her fingers open and smiling happily.

	Is that a flick…? Are you kidding me, but it was so powerful that I thought my head would blow away!

	“Hmm, interesting. Your foundation seems to be ready. Did Usato train you into that state? If that’s the case, what’s inside of this is your introduction letter?”

	Her smile was terrifying, as she was holding a letter with the hand that was free——-the letter that was taken from my hand.

	Then, the girl resting nearby (?) stood up and crammed into Rose-san.

	“W-What happened to Usato?! Did he come back?!”

	“Shut up, go back.”

	“Bufuo?!”

	She flicked the girl’s forehead, and it exploded.

	Obviously, she got a blow that was more powerful than what I had, and she blew back behind and slipped into the ground.

	At this moment, I came to understand that careless remarks=unreasonable.

	The leader who ignored the girl who flew away, approached me, as I couldn’t move because of fear, and looked at me the same way as Alex-san looked at me.

	“Just a warning, I’m not as kind as him. If you cry or shout, or beg for your life, or fall down, I won’t use any words of mercy. I won’t forgive you for thinking it’s easy or compromising the squad. So, if you don’t mind all those——you’re gonna be a member of the rescue squad, starting today.”

	Those aren’t lies or exaggerations.

	As she says, she shows no mercy. Seeing her eyes, I was reluctant to understand it.

	……But, what about it.

	I knew all about it after being trained by Usato-san.

	I’m ready now.

	“Thank you for taking care of me!!”

	It’s here on out.

	Not as a noble, not as a student who was oppressed in Lukvis, but as Nack, a member of the rescue squad.

	From now on—–I can finally start my own life.





Character Introduction

	Name: Neah

	Race: Demon (Vampire・Necromancer)

	Magic: Restraining Magic・Resistance Magic・?? Magic

	A monster of mixed vampire and necromancer blood.

	A lonely girl who was born out of standards with the benefits of each race, however, she lost her parents at the age of 10.

	She hates being lonely, and thus lived at a village where her vampiric father created the village as livestock. She lived there for about three hundred years, changing into different people and personalities in the process.

	In the meantime, she used travellers who come to her village and catch them to listen to the knowledge of the outside world, but she doesn’t kill them. However, after a short period of time, she returned to her former location. Since she loved to accumulate knowledge, she has perfected in learning three additional magics in the span of 200 years.

	Having released the Wicked Dragon and jeopardizing her most important place, she realized that she should not stay there any longer, and decided to move away from it.



	Name: Tetra

	Lineage: Unknown

	A woman living with Neah in a village house.

	She met Neah when she was less than 10 years old. When she was abandoned by her parents, she wandered through the forest, it was then Neah who picked her up and nurtured her as a parent.

	When she grew up, she’d gotten married, had children, and led a happy life——That was supposed to be the case, but two years ago, her husband and child were killed by a monster.

	After having her memories wiped out, she had returned to her lonely lifestyle.

	Although she was living a tragedy-stricken life, she was never alone.

	Even after Usato’s departure, she lives in the unexpanded house, being helped by those around her, living her never-changing days.

	She might’ve noticed it herself.

	But, she did not say a word, because she knew there was once someone who had taken care of her, a kind person who filled her wounds.





