“Don’t you dare talk down to me, you little wench,” I said.

“Huh?!”

“I am not going to abandon Aruku, and I am not going to give up. You think just because my fists and feet are out of the game that I’m going to throw in the towel?”

I took a pair of steel gauntlets from the armor cluttered at my feet and put them on. They wouldn’t last too long, but they’d still let me block some of Aruku’s strikes.

“You might think you know me, but all you got was raw data,” I said, running a hand through my hair and glaring at Nea. “You don’t know anything about the experience I’ve gained since arriving in this world, or what the rescue team taught me.”

“Well, duh, that’s the whole reason I’m trying to catch you.”

“So you can force it out of me? That’s only if you succeed. But let me tell you something you don’t know—I’m as sore a loser as they come, and I don’t give up.”

It was time to see if I could take a sword head on.

“One small mistake and it all comes crashing down, Usato,” I muttered to myself.

I bumped the gauntlets together to test their strength, took a deep breath, then settled into my fighting stance. Aruku stood across from me, his sword pointed at my eyes. My striking attacks were ineffective, but weapons still worked. I did have the option of stopping Aruku with a near-fatal blow, but that was far too dangerous—we were here to save him, after all.

“Then we’ll just have to go a different route,” I muttered.

I didn’t have any ideas yet, so I’d just have to find one in the midst of battle. That meant getting up close and personal, where my attacks would land—I’d dodge, I’d parry with my gauntlets, and I’d open up a path for myself.

I stepped forward with my right hand out in front of me and my left cocked at my waist. I had my right leg a half step in front of me so that I’d be ready to move in an instant. It didn’t matter what Aruku tried—I’d be ready for it.

“Bring it on!” I shouted.

Aruku rushed at me, his sword ready at his waist, and launched a vertical strike straight down at me. I kept my eyes on it the whole time and used my right gauntlet to knock it slightly of course. I noticed a hint of surprise flash across Aruku’s emotionless face.

“Too slow!” I said. “You won’t hit me with an attack like that, Aruku!”

But on the inside, I was terrified. Having to fight at close quarters with a flaming sword wasn’t exactly a walk in the park. At the same time, however, there was nobody else but me who could save Aruku.

For him—and for all of us—I refused to back down.

Aruku sliced horizontally, and I ducked as the sword whizzed over my head.

“My turn!” I shouted.

I leaped back into striking range and pulled Aruku’s shoulder straight into my flying knee. I knew it was a strong attack, but it had zero effect on Aruku’s armor. Even keeping him in place as I hit him was no use.

“Whoa!”

I noticed the magic power building in Aruku’s hand and leaped out of range. I’d escaped one fireball already, but even I wouldn’t be unharmed if I caught one of those in the face. Before I could get back to my feet, however, Aruku launched himself into yet another attack.

“Not even going to give me a chance to rest, huh?”

Flames flickered from behind Aruku’s sword as he swung it over and over again in an attempt to get me. I dodged what I could dodge. I parried what I couldn’t. But with each strike I felt my breath growing ragged and a stabbing pain in my skin.

“Ugh, so hot . . .”

I parried another strike, this one coming as Aruku spun and let his body weight carry his sword on a diagonal line. He followed it up with a stab, which I bent backward to dodge. It was attack after attack,. I had to parry almost all of them with my gauntlets.

“Ouch!”

I looked down and saw that my right gauntlet was quickly growing red. So, in a panic, I threw it to the ground—it was either going to break, or it was going to leave me horribly burned.

“Damned fire . . .” I said, struggling for breath, “such a pain in the ass.”

Nack sure had guts to face off against Mina like that.

I blew on my right arm while I parried a strike with my left. But at that moment, I noticed a slight tremble in Aruku’s arm and something stiff in his movements.

“Hm?” I uttered.

As I watched him more carefully, I put together a hypothesis.

“Is he exhausted . . .?”

Nobody could avoid getting tired. My own limits were a little further than normal, but any ordinary human would feel the effects of moving without rest. On top of that, while I was focused on defense, Aruku was attacking non-stop. This would have tired him out more than me.

Usually, at this point in the battle, you’d try to make some distance and catch your breath. But Aruku was under Nea’s control. He would not stop swinging his sword until he had accomplished the orders that she had given him.

“If he wasn’t under her control . . .”

Under normal circumstances, Aruku never would have let himself get pulled into a battle of endurance. He wouldn’t have bothered with something as down and dirty as a close-quarters fight. He would have made the battle more technical, where I was weakest and where he could take advantage of me.

I dodged another one of Aruku’s strikes and glanced at Nea.

“Do it!” she shouted. “Get him! Yes, like that!”

She was very excited. Seeing me stuck on defense made her even more assured of her own victory. But seeing her like that told me she wasn’t very experienced when it came to battle. The whole reason she’d cowered in fear when I attempted my first strike was because she knew that I could easily take her down if I got close enough. I had to get to her and knock her out before Aruku’s body broke completely. Unfortunately, Aruku wasn’t going to make it easy on me.

If only there was some other way to attack Nea . . .

And then it hit me. I just had to flip my perspective.

“I’ve got it!” I shouted.

If close-quarter attacks weren’t effective, I’d have to use another method.

“I’ve got just the thing!” again I exclaimed.

I turned my focus back on Aruku and took a big step right into close range. If I tried to hit him here, I’d simply be repeating the same mistake again, but now I had a different idea. This time I didn’t hit Aruku straight on, but instead knocked Aruku upward with my fists. The force and shock of my blows were ineffective, but that didn’t mean I couldn’t lift the guy up into the air!

And Aruku’s body proved my point. It flew up from the floor. I felt the smile growing on my face as I turned to look at Nea.

“Here we go! Prepare yourself, Nea!” I shouted.

“Eek! What?! Why me?!” cried Nea in utter shock.

I glared straight at her as I took a hold of Aruku midair and launched him straight toward Nea, who was standing by the windows. I already knew that with a hex on his armor, Aruku would be fine. But what about the person he collided with? How would she fare?

“What?! Huh?! You’re aiming for me?!”

Aruku flew toward Nea, who was frozen in place.

“Aruku! Stop!” she screamed.

Right before Aruku collided with her, he dug his sword down and stabbed it into the floor. The sound of his armor impacting the ground echoed around us. The fall certainly didn’t look like it felt good.

“Damn it,” I spat. “He stopped.”

“What the heck?! Are you crazy?! All the things you could have done, and you launch your friend straight at me!”

Did she just call me crazy? Well, whatever. I’ll throw him as many times as I have to.

I readied myself as Aruku lifted himself from the ground with a groan.

“Ugh . . .” he uttered.

“Huh?”

He’s hurt. But it wasn’t because I hit him. It must have been the weight of the armor and his own body when he fell. Does that mean he’s not impervious to every kind of impact?

“I think I get it,” I said.

I felt like I was getting a better feel for how Nea’s resistance hex worked.

“So your resistance hex is only resistant to striking attacks, then. Well, that makes things simple. I’ll just throw him at you until he’s unconscious.”

“This is your friend you’re talking about, right? And you’re just going to beat him into submission . . .? Um, are you even capable of that?”

I heard that fear slip into your voice, Nea.

In reply, I nodded and raised my fists.

“I’ll do what I have to do,” I said. “One reason I was so focused on defense was to ensure that Aruku didn’t cut me or Amako. I don’t want him to have to carry around any guilt from hurting us, so I’m going to stop him.”

Nea flinched at my words.

“I can’t believe it,” she said. “You leave me no choice.”

She put a hand on Aruku and murmured something. I glanced at Amako, but she shook her head—even her beastkin ears couldn’t pick up what Nea said.

“It really would have been much better for you if you’d let things end here,” said Nea.

“What does that mean?” I asked.

But before she could answer, Aruku was on the move. He’d had a chance to catch his breath, but his movements were still slow.

It doesn’t matter what she has planned. I’ll just do what I did the last time and . . . huh?!

“What the?!”

A huge fireball flew toward me. I couldn’t believe the amount of fire I was seeing in the manor, so I launched a healing bullet in a panic, which collided head on with the fireball and neutralized it.

“What was that?” I asked.

Until now the fire magic had been contained to close range, but now Aruku was happy to throw it around more haphazardly.

“Is it just a distraction? A smoke screen?”

I was surrounded by smoke from the fireball, I was trying to stay ready for Aruku’s next attack. Then something was thrust toward my neck. I tried to parry it with my left hand, but I was taken by surprise. It wasn’t Aruku’s sword coming for me, it was his hand, and it grabbed my own.

“Aruku?!” I shouted.

Suddenly, I was being pulled and swung with tremendous force. My legs left the ground, and I was completely at Aruku’s mercy.

“Whoa!”

And just like that, I was thrown straight out of the third floor. I looked down and saw Blurin astride a motionless zombie, slapping it.

“What is that grizzly doing?!”

I could see the impact coming as I fell, so I spun myself and landed on my feet. I saw that Blurin noticed me and was moving in, but then it struck me that Amako was still up there.

“Amako . . .” I uttered.

I turned around to look up and say something, but at that moment, Aruku gripped the railing of the balcony and leaped straight over it.

“I can’t see her from here,” I said.

I knew that Amako was tougher than she looked, and that she’d be okay, but I was worried all the same.

Should I ignore Aruku and head back up to help her? No, Blurin can’t fight Aruku on his own, and he might even be killed.

“Blurin, you’ve done enough down there. Head to Amako, now!”

The bear’s growl sounded like he was confused.

“You have to look after her!”

The bear roared as if it understood exactly what I’d said, then launched itself inside the manor. Now I knew for sure that Amako would be safe. The problem now was Aruku.

Nea was sitting on the edge of the manor roof, looking down at us.

“I don’t have the faintest idea what you’re trying to do!” I shouted.

She giggled. Her palm was pointed toward the ground. It was illuminated by a purple light.

“I never believed that a three-story fall would be enough to finish you,” she said. “I just wanted to give Aruku a little more space to work with—somewhere he can really flex his powers.”

In the next instant, Aruku’s sword practically erupted with the most flame I’d seen until now. It had been a silent red when we were in the manor, but now it was brilliantly aflame. I could feel the heat even from a distance.

“Aruku doesn’t like using his magic like this. The idea of turning his foes to ashes isn’t really in his nature. That’s what he said, anyway. But do be careful—that sword is extremely hot, and you’re looking at more than simple burns.”

Nea chuckled. But where Aruku stood with his flaming sword, I saw Mina. He had sheer power, range, and scope, but it was strange for us to be in here like this—me the healer and Aruku the fire wielder.

“It’s like a repeat of Nack versus Mina all over again,” I muttered.

Nack had swallowed his fear and he’d stepped up—he’d faced Mina head on. When I thought back to the fight, I couldn’t help but smile.

“And I guess as Nack’s teacher I, too, have to overcome my own trial by fire.”

I also now had a read on how to counter the resistance hex that Nea had cast. Even though kicks and punches didn’t work, I still had options. On top of that, moving our fight outside was a horrible tactical decision on Nea’s part.

“When you were thinking up your plan,” I said, “Aruku had to have warned you about letting me fight in an open space. He had to have told you to keep me in a confined area.”

“Yeah, so what? All you can do is kick and punch stuff. Out here in the open Aruku’s got the advantage thanks to his explosive fire magic.”

“So, you heard him, but you didn’t understand him, huh?”

I was trained by Rose herself. Don’t you dare doubt me or the rescue team. I wasn’t built for kicking and punching. I was built for running.

Out here I didn’t have to worry about accidentally putting my foot through the floor, and I didn’t have to worry at all about Amako getting pulled into things.

“I’m here to save you Aruku!” I said.

“Slice him to pieces!” ordered Nea.

At Nea’s command, Aruku brought his flaming sword around in a slicing attack. It was a wave of flame spewing out toward me. I got a short run up and launched off the ground with everything I had, leaping over it.

“No ceilings here and no walls,” I shouted.

The moment I landed, I cut to the side, closing in on Aruku from an angle. However, Nea could still see me from above and could also issue orders. Aruku quickly cast a fire wall and kept me from approaching.

“Then I just have to go faster!” I said.

I spun in the opposite direction and kicked off the ground as I picked up the pace. Aruku’s fireballs weren’t even close to touching me. He was following Nea’s orders precisely, but he was still at a clear disadvantage against me.

“You’re slow . . . way too slow!”

Aruku was like a robot spamming the same attack over and over again. That wasn’t going to be enough. Just like with Mina, the best way to get me would be to use explosive magic to lure me into the perfect position to catch me in one fell swoop. But Aruku couldn’t do that while he was under Nea’s control. Nea could throw around Aruku’s power all she wanted, but she could not access his true potential!

“Here I come!” I said, changing direction in an instant and facing Aruku.

Nea immediately lost sight of me. Aruku faced where he thought I would be. I moved in quickly. This was my chance to take him down before he realized where I was. But just as I was about to get my hands on him, Aruku turned, his lifeless eyes locked on to me.

Did he notice me? No, he’s reacting instinctively?!

As Aruku spun, his sword came down from above in a diagonal arc. I watched the sword and for an instant, I hesitated.

Should I fall back or push through?

My decision was already made, I lifted my left arm to intercept Aruku’s sword as I readied my right.

“It’s all or nothing!” I shouted.

Rose was the kind of monster who could break a steel sword with her bare hands.

“And if she can do it, then I can too!”

Aruku’s sword came down to slice my head in two. I swung my body around and used my left gauntlet to block it. Sparks exploded between us from the impact. I roared as the flaming sword turned the gauntlet red. I fought to endure the flames that threatened to engulf me and refused to back down.

“Break, damn it!” I shouted.

I heard the base of Aruku’s sword fracture. I felt it and I swung straight through it. The blade of the flaming sword then broke completely from the hilt with a crack and plunged into the ground still aflame.

But I wasn’t done yet.

“This is going to hurt, Aruku!”

I took a step closer to Aruku and took a hold of his wrist and collar. This was my way of working around Nea’s resistance hex. If striking was completely nullified, then I’d just have to throw him.





“Hup!” I grunted.

“Wha?!” uttered the stunned Aruku.

This wasn’t any fancy judo or aikido technique—this was just me lifting Aruku with everything I had and letting all of that momentum slam him into the ground!

The ground bowed where Aruku hit it, and his armor rattled loudly from the force of the impact. When I heard his despondent groan, I felt bad for what I’d done but immediately healed the damage from my throw attack as I confirmed that he was finally unconscious. I’d been careful to make sure that Aruku didn’t land on his head, but I’d nonetheless thrown him with tremendous force to make sure he wasn’t going to be able to get back up.

I let out a sigh of relief as I stood back to my feet and caught my breath.

The healing punch healed with each blow, but this time the ability healed at the moment he was thrown to the ground.

“I hereby call it . . . the healing throw!” I stated.

I came up with it in the heat of the moment, but I had a feeling the technique would come in really handy in the future.

In any case, I finally had Aruku unconscious. He probably wasn’t free from Nea’s brainwashing yet, but I hoped that knocking her out cold would solve that problem.

“Alrighty then,” I said, shedding the gauntlet on my left hand.

I healed the burns across my hand and looked up at Nea. Even with Aruku completely out of the game, she didn’t look fazed in the slightest. In fact, she looked down at me like she had expected this from the very beginning. It sent a shiver down my spine.

“It’s just you now,” I said.

“Or is it?” replied Nea.

“I don’t care how many more zombies you’ve got, they won’t stop me.”

“No match for you, huh? Well, that is, if they’re an ordinary zombie, I guess. If they’re just a run-of-the-mill, everyday zombie.”

I didn’t like her tone of voice.

“What are you scheming?” I asked.

Nea simply giggled and shot me a bold grin. She wasn’t going to tell me anymore, so I figured there was no better time to knock her out cold.

Then I felt something strange.

Why does she still have her palm pointed at the ground like that?

It didn’t look like a sorcery hex. Was she casting something at the ground?

No, it looks like she’s casting through the ground.

“Trying to raise more zombies?” I asked.

She knew just as well as I did that I would crush any ordinary zombie. Did that mean she was raising something like Blurin? A powerful monster zombie?

But there couldn’t possibly be any monster corpses . . . Wait. No way.

“The thing that Amako saw . . . in the basement.”

The one place I hadn’t seen myself. The place that Amako had been strangely terrified of. Just as the thought hit me, the manor shook as terrible sounds echoed from within. The sound of things breaking.

“What the heck?!” I exclaimed as I turned to see what was going on.

It was the sound of something forcing its way to the surface from below the manor. I could see the manor creaking and shaking as it happened.

What is going on?

I watched dumbfounded as a blue shape emerged from the manor and dashed toward me. It was Amako astride Blurin.

“Usato!” she shouted.

“Amako! Blurin! You’re safe!” I said. “But what’s happening, Amako?”

Amako hopped down from Blurin as she spoke.

“I don’t even want to imagine it, but I think the creature I saw in the basement is . . . waking up.”

“Can you cut the dramatics and give it to me straight?”

I knew that something bad was happening—that was a certainty—but I still didn’t know exactly what. Amako’s face went white as a sheet as she turned back to the manor and spoke.

“It’s a monster. It’s big and it’s got a mouth full of sharp teeth, and . . . its one remaining eye is overflowing with pure hatred. I think it’s . . .”

Before she could finish, a huge claw burst up through the first floor of the manor. Another soon followed, opening a huge hole.

Even with her own manor being destroyed before her very eyes, Nea cackled with laughter as her wings kept her floating in the air above us. I turned away from the monstrosity that was appearing before us and glared up at her.

“Nea! What did you just wake up?!” I shouted.

“Oh, but isn’t that obvious? It’s the creature that’s going to take you down!”

You want me so bad that you’re going to bring something like this back to life?

I heard a raspy growl from within the manor, and the hairs on my neck stood up. There was a brief moment of silence, and then, the manor floor burst into a cloud of dirt and dust. From it emerged a monster.

“You have to be kidding . . .” I muttered.

It had huge front legs, a single wing on its back, and one ominous, menacing black eye. I was hit hard by the rotting stench of it.

“What is that?”

I couldn’t believe what I was looking at. It couldn’t have been a living creature. Such a creature never should have been allowed to even exist. Its presence alone radiated with hatred and enmity. It opened its mouth and let out a rumble that grew into a deafening roar. It must have reached as far as the heavens.

It was the dragon from the notebook I’d read.





Extra: The Start of The Ordeal





“As of tomorrow, you will serve under the Demon Lord as his maid.”

So said the chief servant, to me, a girl who was, it must be said, far too inexperienced. The responsibility was far too heavy. I was an ordinary demon who had dared to dream of escaping the countryside for life in the city, and as if out of nowhere, I had received these orders.

Through a haze in which I felt like my own legs were giving out underneath me, I trudged forth toward my new place of work. The life I had been given would now be offered in servitude to the Demon Lord, who had risen from a slumber of hundreds of years. My one salvation was the fact that I would not be alone—I would be working in shifts, sharing the work with the chief maid. However, even in this I was to undertake my duties under her cold, emotionless gaze, which came with its own unique discomfort.

To be blunt, I wanted nothing more than to burst into tears.

The Demon Lord was absolute, and his presence was, in and of itself, overwhelming. It was my duty to tend to him, and yet, before I could feel any sort of honor for my position, I felt only terror. My terror was not directed at the Demon Lord as an individual but rather at the idea that I might make some kind of embarrassing error in the presence of one so revered.

I wanted to avoid the ire of such a demon at all costs. I could not stand the idea that he might shun me.

Such was the sheer power in his gaze when we first met.





For some days, I went about my duties with the utmost care. We made small talk, but the Demon Lord’s features were emotionless—I could not tell if he was serious or joking. He sometimes disappeared from a room without so much as a word. Working under this silent pressure wore away at my heart and mind, but nevertheless, I did my utmost to carry out my duties. However, when I finally thought that I had become used to serving at the Demon Lord’s side, that very confidence shattered like a pane of fragile glass.

On that day, the Demon Lord burst into what sounded very much like laughter. To see him like that—his eyes emotionless but his mouth curled into the shape of a smile—was, to be honest, creepy. It was scary and so incomprehensible to me that I wanted to cry. Nonetheless, I mustered up my courage and I spoke.

“Whatever is the matter, my Lord?” I asked.

He put his hand to his forehead and laughed. When he was finally done, the Demon Lord turned to me.

“I felt the nostalgic energies of an old dragon,” he replied.

“Do you mean . . . a real dragon?” I asked.

“They exist now, do they not? One, or was it two? How very intriguing. I wonder if this is his handiwork?”

Those who listened attentively to the Demon Lord were drawn to the charm in his every word. And yet, charmed as I was, I had absolutely no idea what he was talking about. In other words, I was utterly clueless as to what he meant.

“Before I was sealed away,” said the Demon Lord, “the dragon was handled in much the same way as I was. It was left in surprisingly good condition to boot.”

“Oh . . .” I uttered.

“But its power is out of balance. Perhaps it has been awakened by someone,” said the Demon Lord, closing his eyes as if to savor and enjoy each word. “I sense its power mixed with impure magic. In any case, the dragon is weakened—it has been resurrected imperfectly.”

I was still perplexed at the idea that dragons really existed. Their existence in the present day had yet to even be confirmed.

“I do not completely understand what you are saying, so I apologize if my question is a foolish one,” I ventured, “but is a dragon different to other flying beasts, such as wyverns?”

“Dragons are very different to such domesticated creatures. And this evil dragon is one that sits at the top of all living creatures.”

“An evil dragon?”

“A power of pure calamity and an existence to be detested.”

Though there was a severity to the words the Demon Lord spoke, there was also a clear enjoyment in them.

“A very troublesome creature,” he continued. “It does not listen to reason. It does not think. It is only capable of responding to its instincts. It was blessed with great wisdom, and yet, it shuns this gift. A foolish thing.”

I could not even imagine such a monster. I had not even known that one once existed. It was difficult for me to even believe that such a beast had been awakened and was now on the verge of wreaking havoc again.

“The only thoughts that fill the dragon’s head are those of hatred and destruction. I used the beast but once. In that time, it decimated three whole nations in a single night. Do you understand now why such a monster is so dangerous?”

“There is no word for it other than terrifying,” I replied.

The ability to level three whole nations in the space of a single evening was beyond monstrous. I had of course heard the stories of the Demon Lord’s invasion before his power was sealed, but even he did not utilize such fiercely destructive tactics.

“Using the dragon is easy,” said the Demon Lord. “You merely need to provide a target for it. But attempt to control the monster, and it will quickly turn upon you. Even one such as I couldn’t kill the dragon outright.”

Though left unspoken, the fact that the Demon Lord could not kill the dragon only served as a reminder of how extraordinary its power was. But if the Demon Lord himself could not handle such a monster, then was it not as much a threat to demons as it was to humans?

“My Lord, is it not dangerous to leave such a creature on the loose?” I asked.

“You need not worry. As I said earlier, it is weakened. It is not nearly as strong as when it was at its peak. It will rot away and decay on its own before I ever need to lift a finger of my own. Such is the nature of decay,” said the Demon Lord with a sweeping gesture.

The Demon Lord did not look in the least bit concerned, but he did put a hand to his jaw in thought as he went on.

“However, left to its own devices, the dragon will likely massacre a great many humans. Centuries of being sealed away combined with decay and its already short-tempered nature will have made the dragon’s thoughts a very simple thing. It will turn its destructive impulses on those who first sealed it away. If the hero left any descendants, then they will be first on the list. Then it will be the two heroes who were recently summoned . . . and the one who shares a similar scent. All of them will be its targets.”

“So it will become . . .” I uttered.

“Yes,” said the Demon Lord, reading my mind. “A rampaging beast. It is loyal only to its instincts, as terrifying as it is arrogant. Such a beast has no point in this world. However, it is also true to say that no purer a creature exists. Though I despise the dragon from the depths of my very heart, I will give it praise where praise is due. And that is why it must die. It should have died back when the hero ran his sword through its heart.”

“But it was the hero who sealed the dragon away. Was that not because he could not kill it?”

“You speak nonsense. The hero was more than capable of such a feat. It was not that he could not, it was that he did not.”

I did not understand. I felt confusion wash over me. Based on what the Demon Lord had said, I knew the dragon to be a troublesome creature, especially so for humans. And yet, the hero chose to seal the dragon away even though he wielded the power to slay it. Why would one intentionally take this course of action?

The Demon Lord glanced at the hint of confusion that I showed in the tilt of my head and pointed at himself.

“It was no different for me. I was allowed to live, but the methods were different.”

“And you mean to say . . . the hero did that?”

“He did. I was sealed away alive, was I not?”

Did that then mean that the hero was even more powerful than the Demon Lord himself? If he did wield such power, was his decision to keep the Demon Lord and the evil dragon alive an act of compassion and generosity? This seemed the most likely reason.

“It would seem the hero was something of a generous individual,” I said, testing my thought, but choosing my words carefully.

In my heart, however, I felt that showing such compassion for your foes was foolish. But the Demon Lord surprised me by grinning.

“Generous, you say,” he chuckled, as if tasting the word for himself. “I see . . . generous.”

“My Lord?”

I was confused by the shaking I saw in the Demon Lord’s shoulders. He leaned back in his chair and laughed, then turned to me with a look of joy on his face.

“Your name?” he asked.

“Erm . . . I am Ciel,” I replied.

“Well then, Ciel, as of today you are my personal attendant.”

“Oh?”

The words felt like they came out of nowhere. I was now the personal attendant of the one who stood at the very peak of the demon world. I froze. It was yet another responsibility that was far too much for me to bear. And yet, the Demon Lord rested his head on his hand, satisfied with himself.

“It is very boring being the Demon Lord,” he stated. “Without someone to talk to, I have nothing to do. But you have the most interesting reactions to what I say. Everyone else here is far too pure for their own good.”

“You make it sound as though I am impure, my Lord,” I said.

“That is exactly what I said.”

To be told such a thing so directly irked me, and even if rude, I felt I should speak up for myself.

“Erm, in my defense, I am . . . pure, my Lord.”

The Demon Lord merely grinned at my insolence.

“The ones I am talking about are always looking to offer themselves up for punishment, for some reason or another. If that is what you want, shall I punish you too?”

Now I understood. The chief maid and all the other servants revered the Demon Lord. No, the correct term for it was, perhaps, “worshiped”.

I do not want this person to shun my very being. I cannot allow for it.

That was the way that all of them thought.

And such was our fear that, at the slightest error, we prostrated ourselves and offered ourselves for punishment. This was what we felt we should do, but it was not how the Demon Lord himself felt about the matter. What I had learned in the few days that I had served him was that he valued the times during which we could engage in conversation.

Certainly, he was not as cold blooded and merciless as we all thought.

“I sympathize,” I said.

“That you understand is enough. It is sufficient.”

In that moment, I felt that our hearts grew just a touch closer.

I was about to find out that the Demon Lord was far more thoughtful and extraordinary than I had ever imagined.





Side Story: Nack’s Road to Llinger





I realize it has been a long time since I last wrote.

Firstly, I ask only that you read this letter to its end. This is the last piece of correspondence that I will ever send to you as your son. Once you have finished, you can do as you like with the letter. Burn it, tear it to pieces—you are free to do as you will.

I would like to thank you for enrolling me at Luqvist. Whatever your reasons for doing so may have been, it is thanks to you, my parents, that I have come this far. In truth, I cannot put into words the extent to which I have cursed the two of you, but I cursed myself far more for being so very powerless. Nevertheless, I got to where I am because you raised me. So even if your love was but a fleeting, temporary thing, all the same, it gave me life.

For that, you have my gratitude.



Now, as for the intentions of this letter.

I am renouncing my rank as one of the nobility.

I am renouncing the Agares family name and wish now to live my life by the name of Nack, and Nack alone. Though you may read this and assume that I have gone insane, I assure you that I have not. From the very beginning, I lived my life at Luqvist with a fierce desperation, holding in my heart vague hopes of a life far from all of you.

Every single day at Luqvist was, if I am being honest, a most horrible experience. I endured each and every day unable to ask for help, and it was such torment that one might easily call those days my own personal hell.

And yet, it was thanks to those awful days that I was led to a number of precious encounters. One of those encounters was with another healer.

I imagine you chuckling derisively to read such words.

But the truth remains the same—that encounter changed the course of my life. You looked down upon healing, and you called it useless, but I met a healer of incredible strength, and one who only continues to grow more powerful. In him, I found someone to look up to. He sits at such heights that as I am now, I cannot reach him.

Meeting that healer marked the first time I ever wanted to become stronger. For so long, I used my own misfortunes as an excuse to do absolutely nothing, but now I have seen someone whose footsteps I can follow. That healer helped me to stand on my own two feet, and now I want to be just like him.

No more excuses. No more complaints. I have finally found something I want to achieve with such passion that I will stake my life for it.

And that is why I renounce my noble rank. That is why I will go on as simply Nack.

If you want to laugh at me, then go ahead and laugh. I will continue on regardless.

Please forget that I ever existed.



Goodbye Father, goodbye Mother.

Thank you for the twelve years in which you raised me.

And if such a thing is possible, send my sister my regards, and tell her I said goodbye.



* * *





I wrote the letter and sent it home. Everything I wanted to say was in it. I couldn’t think of anything else to put in there. Once I was done, I felt like a weight had lifted from my shoulders.

“They’ll probably just burn it,” I muttered.

I walked the streets of Luqvist, cringing a little to imagine it. I thought of my father and his ballooned sense of pride. I could see his face, red with rage, as he tore up my letter and threw it in the fireplace. I was well aware that what I’d written could easily bring about such a reaction, but I’d sent the letter anyway.

I thought that I had grown used to the sights and sounds of Luqvist but realized now that it had changed since my fight against Mina.

“Was it always so lively?” I mused.

I had spent so much time walking around with my eyes on the ground, avoiding crowded places, that I’d never really noticed it. The city was bright, energetic, and brimming with life. It was like the scenery had changed from black and white to color. I’d changed so much that the whole world seemed to have changed around me. I almost couldn’t believe it.

“I feel like I can barely keep up with how much everything is changing,” I said to myself.

“Hey, Nack. What’s up? You look lost in your own thoughts.”

“What?”

The voice came from behind me. I turned to find Kyo standing there with some fruit in hand. He took a bite out of one, then threw me another as he walked over. I panicked to make sure I didn’t drop it, then tilted my head, confused.

“What’s with the fruit, Kyo?” I asked.

“I got them from the place I work at. Figured I’d give you one.”

“Thank you.”

I took a bite and walked side by side with Kyo. My mouth filled with a pleasant sweetness and acidity.

“How’s things recently?” asked Kyo.

“Huh?”

“I’m asking if anything’s changed since your battle.”

Changes, huh . . .

“I’ve noticed way more people looking at me,” I said.

It didn’t matter if it was in the streets or at school—wherever I went, I felt somebody’s eyes on me. Kyo simply nodded.

“Well, yeah, that’s kind of unavoidable. Even now it’s like you’re the center of attention.”

That’s because we’re walking together, Kyo.

To any ordinary passerby, the sight of a human and a beastkin together was totally unusual.

“Yeah, but I’m not so cold-hearted that I’ll cut things off with you just because you’re drawing all of his attention,” I joked.

Kyo grinned and roughly patted me on the head.

“Look at you,” he said, “all grown-up and making jokes all of a sudden!”

“Hey! Knock it off!”

His “pats” were more like slaps, realistically, but in their own way they were proof of Kyo’s warmth. It reminded me of how Usato used to do pretty much the same thing.

“I wonder what Usato is up to?” I said, looking up at the sky while I neatened my hair.

He was my savior, so to speak, and he’d left Luqvist three days ago. I knew that he was headed for Samariarl, but I wondered how far along he was.

“Aw, what’s the matter? All lonely and lost now that Usato’s gone?”

“No! Not in the slightest,” I said, turning away from Kyo’s teasing grin.

Kyo was a kind and friendly guy, but he was very fond of goofing around and teasing too.

I don’t have any human friends, so just having someone to talk to makes me unbelievably happy . . . Ugh, just thinking about how few friends I had makes me so sad.

“I’ve been thinking that I’ll leave pretty soon,” I said.

“Already?”

“Yeah. To be honest—and it might just be me—I don’t feel comfortable here anymore.”

There was all the attention I was getting, for one thing, but it also felt like people’s impression of me had changed. It was like all my classmates and teachers weren’t sure how to approach me. At yesterday’s practical magic lesson, everyone was so afraid of pairing up with me that it only left me feeling hurt. I understood how Usato must have felt about me being so scared of him. Because of all of that, I’d been preparing so that I could leave Luqvist within the week.

“That said, all I really needed to do before leaving was inform my family.”

And so, I’d written a letter, the contents of which were inflammatory, as far as my family would be concerned. Kyo, however, already knew I intended to leave, so he followed my gaze to the sky and let out a sigh.

“We sure are going to be lone—” he started before quickly going silent.

“Were you just about to say lonely?”

“Heck no! I’m just going to miss having a convenient way to waste some time, that’s all.”

I laughed.

“That’s the same thing!” I said.

“What?! It’s not the same at all!”

Seeing Kyo like that—desperately scrambling for excuses—made me happy. I really felt fulfilled.

“The way you make fun of people, it’s just like Usato,” said Kyo.

“Seriously?!”

“You’re happy?! That wasn’t a compliment, you know!”

I guess I’d gotten overly excited because he said we were alike. Kyo let out a frustrated sigh and scratched his head.

“Then again, the way you can flip a downer mood on its head and clear the air . . . you really have been influenced by Usato.”

“Well, we’re teacher and student, after all.”

“Just don’t get too influenced, okay? However you choose to live your life, you’ll never be him. You have to be you.”

“Don’t worry about that,” I replied with a shy chuckle. “I don’t want to be Usato, I just want to be able to stand alongside him as an equal. That’s why I want to leave Luqvist and undertake true rescue team training.”

“Hmph. Well, at least you get it,” said Kyo.

I suddenly realized that I’d been worrying Kyo without even knowing. I felt a little bad about it as I ate the last of my fruit.

“So, when are you leaving?” he asked.

“If possible, within the week,” I replied.

“A bit quick, no?”

“I just figure it’s best to strike while the iron is hot. I’ve made up my mind, so it’s time to go. That’s why I’m going to visit the headmistress today and tell her that I’m leaving.”

Kyo couldn’t believe it at first, but he turned to me with a grin.

“Then come over tonight, okay? Me and sis will help you celebrate your new journey.”

The moment he spoke the words, I lost all of mine. My heart filled with a feeling I simply couldn’t put into words. I’d never, ever had anyone to celebrate my achievements with and Kyo’s act of kindness made me happier than I’d ever been.

“I’ll be there! I can’t wait!” I said.

“That’s the spirit. Get your hopes nice and high. Though uh . . . Kiriha is going to be doing all the cooking.”

I couldn’t help but laugh at Kyo’s bashful confession.

“Alright, well, I better be getting home,” said Kyo. “So, I guess it’s so long for now.”

“I guess so.”

It was still midday and I’m sure he had things to do. I also had the headmistress to talk to.

“You’re heading off to see the headmistress, I assume?” asked Kyo.

“Yep. I mean, it might take a little while . . .”

“Well, we don’t mind if you show up late, okay? Good luck, Nack.”

Kyo waved goodbye and walked down an alleyway with his fruit. I’d put on a brave front for him, but actually, I was really nervous about meeting with the headmistress. She was the most powerful person in the whole city.

“But I won’t get anywhere if I don’t take a step forward,” I murmured.

That’s what the old me did—he just accepted the situation and did nothing about it. But thanks to my five days of training with Usato, I could stand on my own two feet and walk my own path.

“Alright, let’s do this,” I said, cheering myself on.

I was nervous about meeting the headmistress. I was worried about what she would say, but I would take it all on the chin and keep on moving. If the students at school knew that I was leaving, I bet they wouldn’t even believe it. After all, Luqvist was the best place in the entire world for learning magic. And if I’d been really serious about studying and learning my healing magic when I first got here, perhaps I’d never have even considered the idea of leaving.

But it wasn’t magic that I wanted to learn anymore.

If I was going to become even half the man that Usato was, then I needed to go to Llinger Kingdom.

“I need to join the rescue team.”





* * *





Headmistress Gladys. The most important and powerful person in Luqvist and the person in charge of the Luqvist School of Magic. No doubt she’d be a busy woman—her job meant watching over both the city and its education system and all the responsibilities that came with them. It wouldn’t be a simple thing for her to make time for a lone student like myself. I expected that I’d have to wait for a break between duties, and that I might be left in front of her door for quite a while.

“Alright, here we go . . .” I muttered.

I took a deep breath to calm myself, then knocked on the heavy doors of the headmistress’s office.

“Nack Agares,” came a voice from inside. “Do come in.”

I was puzzled. I never imagined that she’d know it was me outside. I timidly opened the door and found Gladys sitting at her desk with a smile. There was another seat in front of her.

“I had a feeling you’d be coming,” she said. “Please, take a seat.”

“Hm? Oh, erm . . .” I murmured.

How did she know I was coming?

I did as I was told and sat down, but I felt completely out of place in the unique atmosphere of the headmistress’s office. I could barely even bring myself to move.

What is going on? This doesn’t have something to do with Usato, does it? I don’t have any proof, but I can’t help thinking this is his doing . . . and I think I’m right.

“Um, do you perhaps know . . . why I’m here?” I asked.

“You’re here because you intend to leave the school, yes?”

Gladys’s expression never changed, but I felt my brow furrow internally.

Now that I’ve come, will she try and keep me here?

I had expected that it wasn’t going to be easy. Even if it was in name only, I was still technically a noble enrolled at the school. I just hadn’t expected things to play out in this way.

I may have made a huge mistake . . .

The headmistress tilted her head, confused by the look of torment and suffering on my face.

“Hm? Oh, Nack, I think you may have the wrong idea,” she said.

“Wait, what? Aren’t you going to try and stop me from leaving . . .?”

Gladys let a wry chuckle escape her lips. I realized then that I really did have the wrong idea.

“Let’s try not to jump to conclusions, yes?”

“Oh, um, okay.”

“Please don’t worry. Now, while it is sad to see one such as yourself decide to leave our school, I respect your decision.”





So wait, she’s not trying to stop me . . . she’s doing the opposite?

“So, you’re not going to interrogate me about all the training that Usato put me through and then try and put other people through the same thing?” I asked.

Gladys had been resting her elbows on her desk, but the moment I asked my question, she collapsed on top of it. She quickly regained her composure and forced a quivering smile onto her face.

“I-I would never dream of doing such a thing,” she replied. “Making an ordinary child undergo such treatment would break them entirely in just a matter of days. Such training is for healers and healers only—it’s entirely impractical otherwise.”

It was a harsh appraisal, but it was also true. Usato had claimed that he was going easy on me, but even just my first day of training was, in a word, insane. I felt the fear in those old memories rushing back. I shook my head to clear them from my mind.

“But how did you know I was coming?” I asked.

That was, first and foremost, what I was most curious about. It was just too weird that the headmistress knew what I was up to.

“Well, you underwent Usato’s unique instruction in the ways of healing magic,” she replied gently.

“Yes.”

“His training methods . . . that is to say, the rescue team’s training methods, are unlike anything here at our school of magic. The training was all encompassing—you strengthened your magic, your body, and your mind. And now that you have experienced such a thing, you feel that something is missing in the lessons here at Luqvist, do you not?”

The headmistress had hit the nail right on the head. Ever since my battle with Mina, every lesson I’d taken felt lacking. And when it came to basic sparring, the sheer speed I’d developed in my legs let me take the initiative and win with ease. I’d never been very good at lessons in hand-to-hand combat, but now I could read my opponent’s movements with ease.

“I had always intended to leave eventually,” I said, “but in this short time I’ve realized that I can’t get any stronger through lessons at the school.”

I didn’t want to sound rude or ungrateful, but now that I’d been through the hell of Usato’s training, everything I went through at school just felt too easy and too gentle.

“Sudden change isn’t always entirely good. There are downsides to it as well. In your case, your whole sense of value shifted. I could see this, and so I waited for you to come.”

“I . . . I see.”

She was worried about me . . .

I looked down at the floor. All this time, I’d been avoiding the truth of the matter. I knew that I’d gotten stronger because of my training, but I’d never thought my physical abilities now put me leagues above the rest of my classmates. It made me happy to think that I was a little closer to reaching Usato’s heights, but the difference between my abilities and my perception of them left me confused.

“Nack,” said Gladys. “You have gotten very strong.”

She spoke kindly to me as I stared at the ground. There was a mix of confusion and happiness swirling within me.

“I watched your training with Usato,” she continued. “I don’t mean to sound rude, but on many occasions I questioned his sanity. On the times that he . . . got serious, so to speak, many of our teachers believed that he was a monster finally showing its true colors.”

“Yeah, that makes perfect sense,” I said, lifting my head and nodding at the headmistress.

When Usato changed like that, he was so utterly terrifying that I was convinced he was a different person.

“However, you persevered, you overcame his training, and it brought you victory in your match against Mina Lycia. You should be proud of yourself. You and your victory are now etched into the hearts of all who saw it.”

“I didn’t do anything that grand or amazing,” I said bashfully.

“It was only a small change, but it was decisive,” said the headmistress, placing her hand over her heart. “And everyone here will change because of it.”

She closed her eyes for a moment as if feeling something very important, and then she smiled at me.

“I am talking about hard work, effort, and self-belief over talent,” she continued. “That is what you and Usato showed the entire Luqvist School of Magic. It was something that we teachers were unable to do on our own.”

I had a feeling that Usato didn’t care about that in the slightest when he trained me. I was so desperate just to keep up that I didn’t even have time to think about the bigger picture, either. And yet, I was proud of myself. It made me really happy to think that the work Usato and I did left a positive influence.

“And so, I wanted to let you know that I am grateful. Thank you, Nack.”

“You’re welcome!” I said brightly.

The headmistress nodded sagely, then her expression darkened slightly.

“Unlike the two of you, we teachers . . . were powerless. We thought only of maintaining the state of the school. Because of that, we were unable to help you when you needed us.”

“It’s not the school’s fault that I was bullied,” I replied.

“No, it is a truth that cannot be overlooked,” said Gladys sadly, “and I feel nothing but apologetic to you for it.”

She really does care about all of us students.

I knew that the problem between Mina and me wasn’t one that the school could easily insert itself into. But even then, the headmistress still looked extremely regretful for being unable to rescue me.

“Until a little while ago, I tried to pretend like the last two years of bullying just never happened,” I said.

I wanted to settle things between Mina and me so I could move on and never see her ever again. That was what had driven me to win in our fight.

“What she did to me was really, truly awful,” I said, “and it’s deeper than just a matter of forgiveness.”

I’d lived my life thinking that none of it was me—that all of it was the people around me.

“But she cried,” I admitted.

“Oh?”

When Mina had tried to use her imperfect mana boost, I’d grabbed her hands to try and keep her magic power under control. That was the first time I’d ever seen her cry in front of anyone.

“I knew her when we were both little, so I know she’s not the type to cry because she’s hurt. She won’t easily cry in front of other people, either.”

In fact, until that moment, I’d never seen Mina cry before. That was how strong she was.

“All I ever thought about was myself,” I said. “I felt like my unfair circumstances were everybody else’s fault. But when I saw Mina cry, I felt like I’d been wrong about it all.”

“What do you mean?”

“I think Mina and I both got things wrong. She’d never admit it in a million years, but I think if I’d been more aware of the people around me when I first got here, then perhaps we could have been friends, just like when we were kids.”

If that had happened, I never would have encountered Usato the way that I did. But in any case, there was no use lingering on what could have been.

“Headmistress Gladys,” I said. “I’m going to stay positive. Mina bullied me, that’s true, but now things are different. I’m going to live a life where I don’t have to avoid her. I’m going to live a life where I can look her in the eyes.”

Yes, I was scared, but at the same time, that was only a small part of my heart. Until now, I’d been walking dark paths with nowhere to go, but now the road ahead was clear with a goal at the end of it. Gladys was at first surprised by my confident gaze, but she soon relaxed into a smile.

“You really have gotten stronger,” she remarked. “Far stronger than I’d imagined.”

She closed her eyes, which quivered with happiness. A silence fell over the room, and I waited for what she would say next.

“Nack,” she said finally. “You’re leaving here because you want to join the rescue team, yes?”

“That’s right,” I said, sitting up straight.

“Then I will prepare your travel to the Llinger Kingdom.”

“What?!”

I’d never even asked for that kind of treatment.

What is going on?!

“I’m really happy for the offer,” I said, “but are you sure?”

“It’ll take you a whole week on foot, no? Let me help you get there safely.”

My idea was to ask a traveling merchant if I could tag along with them on the way to Llinger Kingdom, but there certainly wasn’t any harm in taking a more secure route.

“But is it really okay to give such special treatment to a student?” I asked.

“I don’t expect that to be an issue,” replied the headmistress. “Once I approve of your request to leave the school, our relationship will no longer be that of headmistress and student. We’ll simply be friends, so there’s no problem.”

I felt like she was really straining the logic of what she was saying, but I could at least follow her basic reasoning. It was impressive stuff.

“You’ll have to deal with Rose when you join the rescue team, so give it your best,” said Gladys brightly.

“You mean Usato’s teacher?”

“Yes. She’s the captain of the rescue team. She taught Usato when he started out. She’s the strongest healer we’ve ever known.”

“The strongest healer ever . . .”

“Perhaps a slight overstatement, but it is true to say that nobody has ever surpassed her physical abilities. I’ve never seen anyone who beats her as a healer . . . well, not yet.”

When I thought of how crazy Usato was, it made all the sense in the world that his teacher was just as ridiculously strong. But the headmistress must have seen all kinds of magic in her lifetime, so if she could say that about Rose, then just how powerful was Rose?

“I heard from Usato that she carried the aura of a wild carnivorous beast,” I said.

“And he’s not wrong. There’s always a terrifying aura surrounding her.”

Gladys cringed for a moment as if thinking back to the past, but then she turned a serious gaze onto me.

“I’m sure you’re already well aware, but the rescue team training is no ordinary training,” she said. “And to be perfectly honest, until Usato came along, the idea of her even having a disciple was frankly unbelievable.”

“How so?”

“Rose’s standard for healers is ridiculously high. You see, what she’s looking for is . . .” Gladys paused for a moment before going on. “She’s trying to create a healer just like herself.”

“What?”

My thoughts seemed to freeze in my mind.

“You trained under Usato, so you’ve never actually experienced Rose’s real training. Usato, on the other hand, came here with her stamp of approval. Her training is beyond extreme, and he got through it.”

“Wow, Usato is really incredible, isn’t he?”

“He might not see it himself, but he’s Rose’s ideal rescue team member. Given his performance in the battle against the Demon Lord’s forces, he’s as strong as they come. He’s performing not just up to her expectations, he’s exceeding them.”

I had very little idea what sort of a person Rose was. I had an image of her as a total monster, one who could lift mountains—a person who had made Usato into a violent and powerful beast of his own. Now, thanks to the headmistress’s words, I was starting to believe she was even worse than that.

“There’s really no need to worry, Nack,” said Headmistress Gladys, “Rose’s intense strictness stands out the most, but she also hides a kinder, gentler side. That Usato respects her and follows her as one of her subjects is proof of that.”

“Oh, uh . . . is that . . . so?”

I couldn’t help thinking it unwise to put my faith in an invisible kindness. Gladys took little notice of my awkward expression as she went on.

“Rose treats everybody the same, no matter who they are.”

“Should I assume that means she’s equally strict on everyone?”

Gladys went silent.

Oh come on, this is where you’re supposed to reassure me, no? Now I’m just going to head into this next part of my journey worried sick.

“Nack,” said the headmistress, “Rose is so much more than you can even imagine. And in meeting her, you may face hardships . . . actually, no. You will face hardships. There’s no doubting that.”

“So you’re guaranteeing it? There’s no way around them?”

“I’d give up on trying to escape the suffering. Rose is the very definition of unreasonable.”

My image of Rose suddenly grew into something far worse than when I first came here. But at the same time, I wouldn’t really know anything until I actually met her for myself. That was just as true for Rose as it was for the rescue team that served under her command—all her scary-looking rescue team members and the demon girl they called the Black Knight. Then there were the two healers outside of the rescue team whom Usato had told me about.

“But even then, I’ll meet others through the experience, won’t I? And for me, the connections I make may well be unforgettable.”

Gladys giggled.

“Oh yes, I guarantee that wholeheartedly.”

“In which case, I’m going.”

There was no reason for me to stop here. No matter how much suffering I had to go through for the rescue team training, I was not about to abandon my goal. The headmistress smiled at the determination she saw in me and nodded.

“Which means there’s nothing more to be said. Tell me, when are you thinking of leaving?”

“Preferably within the week, but . . . is that possible?”

“You young people are so quick to spring into action, aren’t you? I’ll do my very best to set you up with transport by the end of the week.”

“Thank you so much!”

I leaped from my chair and bowed deeply to the headmistress. I knew that I was asking a lot from her, but I was overjoyed to know that I’d be able to leave so soon. I glanced out the window and realized that we’d been talking for quite a while—the sun was already setting. I figured now that my school departure was settled, I should take my leave of the headmistress—by the time I got to Kiriha and Kyo’s house, dinner would probably be ready.

“Well then, I’d best be going,” I said. “Thank you so much for everything.”

“Think nothing of it. I learned a lot from both you and Usato. Do your very best, Nack. I look forward to seeing how far you go.”

I laughed.

“I bet it’s not going to be easy getting there,” I said.

I bowed again. The headmistress waved goodbye as I left her office. Us students didn’t get many—if any—opportunities to talk to the headmistress one to one, but I learned through our conversation that she really did have her students’ best interests at heart.

“I can’t believe she knew I was leaving before I said anything,” I said, chuckling to myself. “I must have looked like a fool.”

I walked the school’s corridors as the sun continued to set. Lots of students were heading home now that all the classes for the day were over.

“This might be the last time I ever see this place,” I muttered to myself.

I didn’t have a single fond memory of the Luqvist School of Magic—it was all just me getting bullied by Mina and me being down and out about my healing magic. Still, for everything that had happened, I had nonetheless spent two years of my life here. For me, this was now a starting point—it was where my life truly began. And when I thought of it that way, I felt a little reluctant to leave, even though the place had meant so little to me.

Just then, a girl who was about to walk by me spotted something behind me and shrieked before running away.

“Hm?” I murmured.

Was that because of me?

I couldn’t help but feel a little surprised by the girl’s reaction. I then realized that she’d been looking behind me. I breathed a sigh of relief and turned around only to find myself once again surprised.

“Wha?!”

All the students that had been walking behind me were pressed up against the walls, their faces pale as they panicked to clear the corridor for a single student to walk by unimpeded. He had gray hair and a brimming smile, and when he noticed me, he casually waved.

“Why hello there, Nack,” he said.

“H-Halpha . . .?” I stammered.





* * *





Halpha.

If you asked anyone at school who they were most afraid of, this was the name they’d utter. Halpha was aggressive, cut-throat, and cold blooded, but he went about his violence with a smile plastered to his face. His magical eye abilities could shut down almost any mage. Almost everyone who faced him left with their spirits crushed.

And now, for reasons I could not fully comprehend, I was walking side by side with him. We’d met on a few occasions, but I’d almost never talked to him face to face before.

“I can’t tell you how long it’s been since I’ve had company for the trip home,” said Halpha.

So why are we walking home together?

Halpha turned to me with a smile as I grappled with my inner turmoil.

“Something wrong?” he asked.

“Er, no . . . but, um, sorry. Your smile is terrifying.”

It wasn’t as scary as Usato’s was, but it was still a unique kind of frightening. Halpha looked taken aback for a moment but quickly relaxed into an easier smile.

“That means I failed,” he said. “Hm. So that smile was no good, huh? And I’ve been trying so hard to put people at ease with it. It’s so unfortunate that it hasn’t been working.”

“That was your attempt at a smile?!” I said, mystified.

But your eyes were ice cold the whole time! If anything, you looked like you were scheming something! I’ll give you full marks for trying to look shady!

Halpha chuckled. He seemed to enjoy my reaction. This confused me greatly.

“You aren’t scared of me,” stated Halpha plainly.

I gasped.

Until recently, I’d been so petrified of Halpha that I avoided being anywhere near him at all times. But now things were different—even though I was scared of him, I could talk to him like I would anyone else.

“I suppose it’s because I met someone even scarier,” I replied.

“You mean Usato?”

“Yeah. Compared to him, you’re fine.”

When Usato was in training mode, his expression and the way he spoke to me was so scary that it scraped away at my very soul. Now that I’d spent three days with that side of him, everything else was totally bearable.

“But I have to ask,” I said. “Why are you walking with me, Halpha?”

Halpha put a finger to his jaw for a few moments before answering.

“I just feel like it,” he stated.

This was not the answer I was expecting. Astonishment was written all over me.

“But if you pushed me for more of an answer,” he continued, “it’s because I wanted the chance to talk to you.”

“Me? But outside of Usato, there’s nothing interesting about me at all.”

“But this is enjoyable for me,” said Halpha. “It’s been so long since I could just talk to someone without them being petrified or otherwise feeling something spiteful or hateful toward me.”

“Oh, I uh, I see.”

I felt like Halpha’s words gave me a tiny glimpse into his life. It was no wonder people were scared of him—in battle he was utterly merciless with more than enough power to back it up. And yet, that also meant that life at school for him was, in some ways, very lonely.

Huh?! What is this feeling?!

Halpha was the strongest person in the entire school, while I was just a healer who, until very recently, had spent his entire life here getting bullied. And yet, all the same, here I was feeling something like a kinship between us, but our positions couldn’t have been farther apart.

“Erm, I still have some time,” I said, “so why don’t we talk for a bit?”

Halpha’s eyes went wide with curiosity, but when they met with my own, he burst into a grin.

“I would like that very much,” he replied.

And so, Halpha and I ventured into a somewhat awkward attempt at everyday conversation. The more we talked, the more I realized that Halpha was more human than people gave him credit for. Sure, he was a little overly aggressive and his smile was terrifying. His words always felt like they hid a deeper and more mysterious meaning, but inside he hurt just like the rest of us.

“I see,” said Halpha. “So you’re leaving rather soon then?”

“That’s right,” I replied.

I’d just finished telling him about my plans to join the rescue team. Halpha nodded, impressed.

“I must say,” he said, “it’s so very exciting to think that someday you might be just as powerful as Usato.”

Whoa! He’s got super-high expectations!

While it always hurt to have people say negative things about you, now I was realizing that when truly strong people like Halpha put their hopes in you, that too came with its own extremely heavy weight.

“Do you hope to one day work as a member of the rescue team?” asked Halpha.

“Yes. But, of course, I have to prove I’m good enough to join them first.”

“While I’d love to tell you you’re already strong enough, all I have to go on is Usato’s example. If he’s the baseline, becoming a full-fledged member may be quite the challenge.”

“Yeah, I guess I really won’t know until I’m there.”

Usato himself had said I’d have no trouble getting in. He’d said that to cheer me up, but if I really didn’t make it into the team, I’d feel awful. The thought of it made my shoulders slump. I let out a dejected sigh. Halpha saw the look on my face, and he looked worried as he covered his eyes with his hands.

“Oh my, I made you worry, didn’t I?” he said. “It’s times like this that I so hate the way I comment on things so heartlessly.”

“It’s fine. It’s the truth. And, also, I’m not too worried about it.”

Halpha hadn’t said anything wrong. I really didn’t know yet if I had what it took to join the rescue team. Even with Usato’s seal of approval, if I messed up at some point, that would mean no rescue team for me.

Usato had helped me to better learn healing magic, and through his training I’d improved my physical abilities. From here on out, the rest was up to me. And I would make sure, come hell or high water, that I would live up to Usato’s expectations.

Without thinking, my right hand scrunched up into a fist—a manifestation of my will.

Halpha chuckled at the sight.

“It looks like I underestimated you, Nack,” he said.

“Really?”

“Yes. I can see it in you. You’re many times stronger than you once were.”

I felt suddenly bashful to hear such a compliment from one so strong. I scratched the back of my head while Halpha took a step forward out in front of me.

“You’ve spent all this time talking to me about yourself, but a one-sided conversation isn’t particularly fair, is it? Allow me to talk about myself a little.”

“You’re going to tell me about yourself?”

“Indeed.”

Halpha’s purple eyes lit up as he turned to face me. It was his magical sight, a magic within the rare field of magical eyes. It allowed him to see one’s powers and the flow of their magical energy. It frightened me a little to be on the other end of it, but all the same, I stood tall and held Halpha’s gaze.

“I’ve been able to see the flow of magic in people since I was quite young,” said Halpha.

“So, from when you were about seven or eight?”

That was about the time at which people awakened to their magical abilities. However, in answer to my question, Halpha shook his head.

“No, I was far younger than that. I’ve had this magic since as far back as I can remember. Back then, I was enamored by the idea of fighting with magic. Launching fireballs and lightning bolts from your hands, crafting ice—that was what I looked up to. However, I was left cursing fate for the magical eyes it gave me.”

I understood his feelings. I understood them so well that it hurt. Your magic type was something you were born with—it was a reality that you simply had to accept because it was impossible to change, no matter how much you struggled. Just like Halpha with his magical eyes, I too had once hated my healing magic.

“So what happened next?” I asked.

“Well, I knew that getting mad about it was pointless, so I just accepted the situation.”

“That’s pretty straightforward.”

“I’ve never been one to get hung up on things,” said Halpha plainly. “Once I accepted that I was stuck with my eyes, all I could think about was how I could use them to fight. That was pretty much my childhood in a nutshell.”

“That’s a uh . . . terrifying thought,” I said.

I didn’t have any other words—Halpha must have been incredibly strong willed as a child. But I felt like I understood now why he had developed into the person he had.

“And then you came to Luqvist?” I asked.

“Yes. There’s so much magic here of all different kinds. I thought the place would give me some insights,” Halpha said, looking down at his hands. “However, in the end, I couldn’t find what I was looking for here.”

There was something about his words—they echoed with a certain futility.

“The people here didn’t agree with my opinions. They attempted to convince me otherwise. They said things like, ‘magical eyes can’t be used in battle’, and told me to find more helpful ways to put my magic to use.”

“But you couldn’t let go of what you believed, could you?”

“Nope. They talked and they reasoned and they admonished me, but it didn’t matter—I wasn’t the kind of meek and obedient kid who would just follow their orders.”

He spoke the words with a smile, but there was such animosity in Halpha’s comment that I couldn’t help flinching in response. I got the strong impression that Halpha was the sort of person who spoke his mind openly and that he’d been like that for a long time.

“So I stopped asking the people around me for their opinions,” continued Halpha. “As such, this school is no longer a place where I undertake instruction but rather a place I can use to strengthen my own skills.”

“Uh-huh . . .”

I could see how things had grown from there. Now the reason that Halpha was so feared among the students was crystal clear.

“Where there’s a will, there’s a way,” said Halpha. “In my case, all I could see was the flow of magical energy, so I taught myself how to use that for battle. As a result, I developed my own unique fighting style—one in which I lock my opponents down by perfectly reading their movements.”

That’s just not normal, if you ask me . . .

I wasn’t going to say that to Halpha’s face, but who could have even imagined that? Who could have thought that he’d develop his magical eyes into a murderous technique that was perfect against magic users? I had a feeling that Halpha put his classmates at the time through something not unlike a unique hell.

“And, well, that brought me here,” said Halpha, “but to be honest, I’m getting bored.”

“Oh? Why’s that?”

“Nobody will fight me. How am I supposed to develop my skills if I don’t have partners to work with?”

Anybody who fought Halpha could be completely healed with healing magic, but that didn’t mean you could easily wipe away the fear of having your weak points targeted and the pain that came when they were hit. I had to imagine it would traumatize most people so bad that they’d never want to stand in front of Halpha again.

“That’s why, though it was not my intent, I thoroughly enjoyed my sparring contest with Usato.”

“You enjoyed that?”

“Well, I lost, but yes.”

I couldn’t believe he could say that, but then again, that was Usato for you. He had his ways. Halpha chuckled as he went on.

“I don’t like to lose, but I felt my limits when Usato defeated me, and it filled me with a desire to grow even stronger.”

“Er, Halpha?” I asked, suddenly scared.

Halpha ignored me.

“I’m going to have to further develop my powers of observation to ensure I’m not caught by similar feints ever again. However, it might be better to strengthen my body first. Now that I can see how much more there is to do, I realize that I was conceited. If you’re too proud of what you are, you’ll lack the true subconscious will to grow more powerful. The next time I meet Usato, I’m going to ask him for another round so that I can find whatever new weak points have emerged.”

Halpha’s face was a terrifying thing to look at. And not only that, his aura was so overwhelming that I took two steps away from him without even realizing it. Even the people around us in town had stopped and were looking at him in wonder. Some of them even looked on the verge of fainting. Fighting against my own instincts, and knowing it was a little rude, I gave Halpha a pat on the shoulder.

“Halpha,” I said, “you might want to cool down a touch, yeah?”

“Oh, I apologize,” Halpha replied, scratching his cheek bashfully. “It seems I lost myself in thought for a moment.”

Suddenly, all the people around us were looking at me in confusion—they couldn’t believe that I could so casually calm a monster with a light pat on the shoulder. But it wasn’t just them—I couldn’t believe that I did it, either.

And then I realized that Halpha was standing with his arms crossed, staring at me in silence.

“Um, what’s wrong? Why are you staring at me like that?” I asked.

“It just occurred to me as I was thinking about my own strength . . . when I look at you and Usato, well . . .”

“Well?”

“I can’t help but think that it might not be a bad idea if I were to go to the Llinger Kingdom, too.”

“What?!”

“Oh, don’t get me wrong. I don’t mean right away. I was just thinking of it as a potential option later down the line. I still haven’t graduated, you know.”

For a moment, I thought he was saying he would go with me to Llinger.

But still, his words jolted me.

“But what would you do at Llinger Kingdom, Halpha?”

“I could become a knight. Before Usato visited, I was thinking of becoming one of Samariarl’s knights. But now that I’ve made Usato’s acquaintance, the idea of joining the Llinger Kingdom’s forces is also appealing.”

“Wow,” I said.

“That, and Luqvist is much closer.”

Halpha’s last addition seemed to erase all the weight in his earlier statement.

“There’s also one more reason,” said Halpha.

“It’s not because the food is delicious or something like that, is it?” I asked exasperated.

Halpha chuckled.

“Oh, perhaps that’s a good reason also . . . but no. Simply put, it strikes me as the kind of nation that would embrace a magical-eye user like myself.”

“Oh, I see,” I said.

“Ordinarily speaking, the idea of a magical-eye user becoming a knight is preposterous. Such people might be turned away before they even get the chance to take the entry exam. But I’ve since heard that Llinger judges people not by their magical type but by their actual ability, and that, to me, gives it great value.”

Superiority was something often determined by one’s magic. That was especially true with knights, who spent much of their time in battle. But the Llinger Kingdom was a place without such discrimination. That made it a potential bright future for Halpha.

“I have to say though,” I ventured, “I can’t see you as a knight.”

“I’m well aware of that—even I can’t imagine myself decked out in armor and swinging a sword around.”

Halpha used his speed and agility to read his opponents and intercept their movements. If he had to wear armor, his speed would be hampered.

“Then again, I feel like you could cut down your foes by reading their movements and landing fierce counter shots. It’s like, if you can’t take victory with your first blow, you can at least severely punish your enemy for theirs,” I chuckled at the thought. “But it’s not like you at all to give your opponent any initiative, is it?”

“You might be onto something,” remarked Halpha.

“Hm?”

“Ah, yes. I see, I see,” said Halpha, thinking. “Fatal counter shots. What a most wonderful thing you’ve just brought to my attention. Instead of intercepting my opponent’s first move, I could give them a perceived opening just to land an even more powerful counter strike. I don’t think I’m capable of such a thing at present, but if I train those skills . . .”

Oh no! Halpha’s making that terrifying face again! His pursuit of strength is inhuman!

“Halpha! Halpha! Come back to me!” I cried.

“Huh . . .? Oh. Did I lose myself in my thoughts again?”

“Just how often do you do that?” I asked, exasperated.

Still, I was impressed by his drive to improve and grow. He was completely different than me. When I learned I was a healer, I gave up completely. Halpha, on the other hand, ignored all the criticism thrown his way, and in his pursuit of strength, he’d carved out a place for himself. To top things off, he still wasn’t done—he was aiming to become even more powerful.

And just like that, I realized that I respected him.

“You’re amazing, Halpha,” I remarked.

Halpha responded with a bashful grin. Although he seemed for a moment skeptical of my compliment, he relaxed into a smile a moment afterward.

“I think you’re the amazing one, Nack,” he replied.

“But I was just a complete nobody until recently,” I said. “I was helpless, lost, and stuck at the whims of whoever wanted to push me around.”

“But that’s exactly what is so amazing. Under Usato’s tutelage, you crawled up and over the adversity that faced you, and you overcame it. It is not easy for people to confront their tormentors face to face, but you accepted your own fears, and it earned you a victory over Mina Lycia.”

Halpha put a hand on my shoulder, then went on.

“You are a nobody no more, and you are far from helpless now. There is no need for you to put yourself down any longer. In your victory over Mina, you became one of the strong.”

“Halpha,” I uttered.

“You are a person who knows hard work and the power of effort. I hold those who know such things in very high regard. I will never respect those who blame their losses on the ‘talents’ of their opponents. You worked hard, and you earned what you got. And that, simply put, is amazing.”

It reminded me of something that Kyo had said to me.

Halpha is merciless. He judges people only on whether they are strong or weak.

But, actually, that wasn’t true. Halpha watched people closely. He didn’t think about people in terms of strong or weak, but rather whether or not they were working to reach what they wanted. It was clear to me now that Halpha hated those who gave up on improving themselves and stopped believing in their own potential. He hated people who simply decided things were impossible and refused to stand up for themselves . . . just like the sort of person I once was.

Halpha only opened his heart to those he felt were seriously giving life their best efforts.

“Be confident in yourself, Nack,” he said.

“I will,” I said, though I could hear my own voice wavering.

Halpha was an easy person to misunderstand, but I felt like now I had an understanding of who he was. He was the strongest person in the Luqvist School of Magic, but also the loneliest person, too. Halpha took his hand off my shoulder and turned. He started to walk back the way we had come.

“Well then, I should be heading home,” he said.

“Um, thank you, Halpha,” I said.

“No, no, thank you. It’s been a long time since I had such a fun discussion with someone.”

I’d been so scared of him to begin with, but now, talking to Halpha felt entirely natural.

If only I’d talked to him sooner . . . but then again, it’s only because I am who I am now that I could talk to him. As the old me, I would have turned tail and fled the moment I saw his face.

“I’m sad to hear that you’ll be leaving so soon,” said Halpha, “but more than that, I’m looking forward to seeing where your efforts take you.”

I laughed.

“That’s exactly what the headmistress said to me.”

“That just means we see the same things in you. And I bet it’s not just us—Kiriha, Kyo, and Usato all expect great things from you.”

Wow, talk about responsibilities.

And yet, they weren’t such a bad thing to shoulder. I had to chuckle at how I once hated the idea of expectations in all forms. How much I’d changed.

“We’ll meet again,” I said, “and when we do, I’ll be strong enough to fight you!”

“Nothing would make me happier,” said Halpha with a laugh. “That just means I’m going to have to work especially hard to make sure I don’t lose.”

I could see by the smile on his face that I’d set his competitive spirit alight. I’d brought that on myself, sure, but it was also just another reason for me to work hard and grow stronger. Halpha waved and I watched him walk back toward the school. Then I gave myself a slap on the cheeks with both hands to get myself together and started walking again.

“Wow, it’s gotten pretty dark,” I muttered.

The last light of sunset was fading, and the night sky was stretching out above my head. The magical lanterns around the city began to light up, illuminating the way for its citizens.

“Perfect timing for dinner, perhaps.”

Kyo and Kiriha were waiting. The thought made me happy. I felt a lightness in my step. So much had happened in just one day, but it still wasn’t over yet.





* * *





By the time I made it to Kiriha and Kyo’s house, the sun had completely set. There wasn’t much in the way of lighting in their neighborhood, so it was often completely dark. But it was easier to navigate the paths today thanks to the bright light of the moon. I arrived at their house and gave the front door a light knock.

“Coming!” said Kiriha, who opened up the door to greet me. “You’re just in time, Nack. Dinner is almost ready. Come in and sit down.”

“Thank you so much for having me today,” I said, taking a seat at the table.

“Come on now, no need to be so uptight.”

A moment later, Kyo walked into the room, yawning.

“Oh, Nack,” he said. “You came.”

“Yes, but it took a bit longer than I thought,” I replied.

“Looks like your talk with the headmistress went well.”

I nodded.

“Yes. We talked about a lot of things, but she’s okay with me leaving the school.”

“Glad to hear it.”

Kyo took a seat in front of me and rested his head on his hands. I could tell by his smile that he really was glad. We chatted for a bit, and then Kiriha brought dinner out. It was much more luxurious than anything I’d been served when I was living with them before.

How much did they spend on this?

I turned to Kiriha with a worried look. She smiled.

“Don’t worry about it,” she said. “We spent a little extra but nothing that will break the bank.”

“To be completely honest,” added Kyo, “we used the money Usato gave us, so we didn’t even-hurk?!”

Kiriha punched the chuckling Kyo as she put the food on the table.

“Not another word out of you,” she said, sighing. “Sometimes I wonder if my little brother will ever grow up . . .”

“We’re twins!” he said. “We’re the same age!”

“I’m not talking about age. I’m talking about behavior, you twit.”

When all the food was on the table, Kiriha let out another sigh and took a seat next to Kyo. There was so much more variety than usual—soup, bread, meat, and salad—and it all looked delectable.

“Um, are you sure about all of this?” I asked. “You won’t be left starving after I leave because you splurged on this, right?”

“Don’t worry about it,” said Kiriha.

“What she said,” added Kyo. “And anyway, you think Kiriha’s the type of weakling to collapse because she doesn’t have enough to eat? Get out of town!”

Kyo cackled with laughter as his sister shot him a death glare. It was true, though—Kiriha didn’t look at all weak. In fact, she gave Kyo a very strong elbow in the ribs as I turned my attention back to the table.

“Looks great,” I said as I took a sip from the soup.

Delicious as always.

“N-Nack . . . aren’t you a little too calm and collected? I’m suffering here . . .”

I had elected to indulge in the food while Kyo groaned in pain.

“Well, you only got what you asked for,” I said. “Speaking to Kiriha that way was always going to land you in hot water.”

“Yeah, you tell him, Nack,” added Kiriha.

Kyo shifted in his seat, recomposed himself, then began eating like nothing had happened. We were all just used to conversations playing out this way.

“I heard from Kyo that you’re leaving for Llinger soon?” said Kiriha.

“Yes. The headmistress said she’d organize transport for me, so I’ll head out as soon as preparations are complete.”

“The headmistress is going to do that for you? But why?”

“Um, she said she wanted to thank me.”

It was a little complicated, but I gave them a quick rundown. Kiriha nodded, impressed.

“Well, it does feel a bit quick, but if you’ve made up your mind, then we’re behind you. Just make sure you don’t leave with any regrets, okay?”

“No problem,” I said. “This is the path that I chose for myself, after all.”

“Well, if you can say that openly and honestly, I think you’ll be fine,” said Kiriha with a smile. “And it means we can see you off without any worries.”

“You’re like an old woman,” murmured Kyo, only to once again receive a hard elbow to the ribs. His moans filled the room as Kiriha dug her elbow in and looked at me.

“By the way, what are you going to do about your luggage?” she asked. “Are you going to box it all up and send it?”

“Oh, right. My things,” I muttered.

I hadn’t even thought about it.

“Well, I’m only taking the bare essentials,” I said. “All I have at my house at the moment is a change of clothes and my class textbooks.

“Ah, I see . . . Wait. House? Did you say house just now?”

Kiriha’s eyes went wide.

“My parents abandoned me completely, but they were still worried about their reputation,” I explained. “They didn’t want me living in the dorms because they didn’t want people getting the wrong idea. So, my dad ended up getting me a massive house.”

“All in the name of appearances?”

“Yep.”

For the nobility, keeping up appearances was paramount. If my parents sent me to Luqvist to learn magic and I didn’t live in a manner befitting of the nobility, rumors would start to circulate about my family’s wealth. So my dad, conceited as he was, spent an exorbitant amount of money to get me a house.

“But after he got me the house, he didn’t do anything else at all,” I said. “I do all the washing, cooking, and cleaning myself. I would have been better off living in the dorms.”

My father provided me only surface-level support. When I thought about it now, he really was completely ridiculous. Who buys a teenager a house?

“It’s been rough for you, huh?” said Kiriha.

“I guess even nobles don’t always have it easy,” added Kyo. “Not that I thought much of them to begin with.”

“It really is a struggle,” I admitted. “There’s no future to speak of, learning all the etiquette is a major pain, and you always have to put up a strong front for appearances. I wouldn’t think much of it either.”

“Oh, uh . . . are you okay, Nack?” asked Kiriha.

I’d gotten a little too lost in my thoughts and worried her and Kyo. All of a sudden, I found myself thinking about my little sister. She had so much more potential than I did. She was so kind. I wanted to see her again, but I pushed the feelings away and sipped at my cup of tea.

“I was disowned by my family, so the rest of my life is completely up to me. I can live it however I want. To be honest, it’s refreshing—I finally feel free.”

Now that I’d sent my last letter to my family, I was no longer a member of the nobility. I’m sure that made things more convenient for them, but if for some reason they tried to take me back, I was ready to run away.

“Kyo, you could learn from Nack,” said Kiriha. “He lived all on his own. It’s about time you picked up a few more chores.”

“Why would you suddenly choose now to start pointing fingers at me? Are you not following the flow of the conversation or what?!”

“Sooner or later you’re going to have to start waking up on your own,” said Kiriha. “Usato wakes up even earlier than I do.”

“Which just means he wakes up way too early!”

Usato woke up just before sunrise. He said that mornings were when he did his daily training.

Maybe I’ll try and do morning training too. But anyway, I should probably change the subject, for Kyo’s sake . . .

“Oh yeah, I forgot to mention it earlier, but I met Halpha before I came here,” I said.

I wanted to tell Kiriha and Kyo about the new side of him I’d discovered. I hoped maybe it might be a chance for them to get along, or . . . at the very least, to talk normally with one another. After I told them what Halpha and I had talked about, Kiriha rested her head on her hands.

“Halpha, huh . . .” she muttered.

“He’s a bit of a weird one when it comes to his pursuit of strength, sure, but he’s a good guy at heart. That’s why I thought maybe you two could try talking to him, get to know him, you know?”

“You just called him a weird one,” said Kyo. “You really know how to subtly put people down, Nack. I mean, he is a weird one, but still.”

I only said that because of that look I saw on his face whenever he got lost in thoughts of his own training. But putting that aside, I felt pretty relaxed around him. I’d gone into our conversation assuming he was little more than a person with a very dangerous fighting style and a personality to match, but I couldn’t have been more wrong.

“I just . . . I’m not good at dealing with that smile of his,” muttered Kyo, scratching his head.

“Apparently, that’s him doing his best to look friendly to the people around him,” I said.

“Are you for real? His own efforts are totally stabbing him in the back, then. He’s really trying to be friendly with people?”

“Yeah.”

“What the heck?” uttered Kyo. “Now I don’t even know what to do the next time I see him.”

Halpha was aloof and awkward. But all people had sides to them that were surprising or unexpected. I’d learned that from talking with Mina.

“Alright, Nack,” said Kiriha. “We’ll try talking to him like a normal person when we next see him. I mean, we did want someone to talk to in class, right Kyo?”

Kyo let out an exaggerated sigh.

“Fine, fine,” he said. “I’ll try to talk to him as well.”

“Kiriha, Kyo . . .” I said, gratefully.

It made me really happy, even though it wasn’t me they would be talking to. I was glad that Halpha would have people he could chat with, and that Kiriha and Kyo would have a human outside of me and Usato to chat with too.

“Alright, that’s enough talk for now,” said Kiriha. “It’s time to eat. It wasn’t easy to make all of this, so dig in while it’s still hot.”

“Sounds good!” I said.

It dawned on me then that perhaps this might be the last dinner we shared together. It was in this house that I’d learned warmth and kindness. Before, after I’d collapsed in the streets, when I woke up, I was here in Kiriha and Kyo’s house. That had kickstarted my training with Usato. It was all to beat Mina in a battle. Usato had put me through the ringer every session. Afterward, we’d come back here to eat a warm meal. I always felt grateful for Kiriha and Kyo’s kindness.

“Everything’s happening so fast . . .” I uttered.

The time I spent training with Usato now felt like it was just a tiny sliver of time. And yet, through it, I had discovered so many things that were important to me.

“Hey, Nack,” said Kyo. “You’re frozen. What’s up? If you’re not going to eat, I’ll totally take your share.”

The moment my thoughts drifted, Kyo took my food right out from under my nose.

“No way,” I replied. “I’m not going to just give it up. Hey! Why are you taking my plate! That’s my meat!”

“Like I give a damn! The early bird gets the worm, right?”

“Which means you won’t mind if I take your food, right Kyo?” said Kiriha.

Kyo quickly handed me my plate back—clearly scared of his sister—and chuckled, though it looked very awkward to me.

“Uh, I’m sorry Nack. I guess I went a little overboard,” he said. “Here’s your plate.”

It hurt to think that I might never see these two fight like this again. I felt a hole open in my heart. Still, I told myself this wouldn’t be the last time. I knew it wouldn’t be the last time. And yet, parting ways still came with a certain sadness. That was why I wanted to make the most of this evening, so I could leave for the Llinger Kingdom feeling bright and positive.

I felt a huge smile growing on my face as I talked and ate with Kiriha and Kyo.

I’m going to burn this memory into my mind so that I never forget it . . .





* * *





The day after my dinner with Kiriha and Kyo, I got a message from the headmistress. It said that in five days’ time, a merchant carriage would depart in the morning to take me to Llinger Kingdom.

As soon as I got the message, I started my preparations. But that said, all I had to get ready was my money, a change of clothes, food, and the bare minimum necessary to get by on. Now that I wasn’t a student at Luqvist anymore, I went to a shop in town and picked out some clothes and a robe to take with me. I didn’t need my uniform, but I’d worn it for the two years I was enrolled at Luqvist. It felt valuable, so I packed it together with my things.

Everything I needed for my trip fit neatly in a rucksack, which surprised even me.





With all my preparations done, all that was left was to wait until the day of departure. When it arrived, I went to Kiriha and Kyo’s place to say goodbye. They’d been especially kind to me, and I wanted to thank them for it.

“I never imagined we’d be seeing you off so soon,” said Kiriha. “Good luck out there!”

“Thanks!”

There was a part of me that wanted to stay in Luqvist a little longer. I couldn’t help thinking that school would have been more fun together with those two.

“I don’t know how rough and tumble the rescue team is, but don’t push yourself too hard, yeah?” said Kyo. “Sometimes you have to know when to relax, okay? I feel like you’re always kind of tense.”

“Says the guy who only knows how to relax . . .” muttered Kiriha.

Kyo’s head dropped between his shoulders. I couldn’t help but laugh. Kiriha let out an exasperated sigh, then turned back to me.

“But he’s right, you know,” she said. “You let things weigh pretty heavily on yourself, and sometimes you need to let go and rest. This is especially true now that you’re going to a whole other country where you don’t know anyone. You’re going to feel anxious sometimes. I bet it’ll be the same as when we first got here—we weren’t used to being surrounded by humans.”

“Yeah, good point,” I said.

When I’d first come to Luqvist, I was scared and worried, but that would have been nothing compared to how Kiriha and Kyo would have felt. It couldn’t have been easy for them, surrounded by humans, most of whom didn’t like them.

“But I’ll be fine,” I said. “I’m going to where Usato came from. I’m sure everyone there will be kind to me.”

Even Usato himself had said that the rescue team—aside from their rugged appearance—were all good people at heart, so I didn’t think I had to worry about that.

“Yeah, it’s that attitude that I’m a little worried about,” said Kiriha, “but if you say you’ll be okay, then I guess you’ll be okay.”

“Oh, I should probably get going,” I said.

It wasn’t much longer before the carriage would depart. There was no exact time set, but seeing as the merchant was going to be kind enough to take me, I didn’t want to be late.

“Alright then. Good luck, Nack,” said Kyo. “Make the most of your time in the Llinger Kingdom.”

I laughed.

“We’re practically neighbors, so I can always come see you guys when I want to,” I said.

“That’s true,” said Kyo with a chuckle.

He was a bit rowdy and a bit rough around the edges, but Kyo was a good guy—he was always looking out for the people he cared about.

“Don’t let Usato influence you too much,” said Kiriha. “We don’t want to be bewildered by a complete change in personality the next time we see you.”

I laughed again.

“Yeah, I don’t think that’s going to happen.”

“Well, I’ve still got my fingers crossed . . .”

Kiriha’s comment worried me a little. In any case, she’d been a huge source of support for me. The food she cooked was delicious, and I felt it was her quiet kindness that saved me on more than a few occasions. It was strange to think that my two best friends in Luqvist were beastkin, but I didn’t think that was a bad thing at all.

I took a deep breath and composed myself.

“Kiriha, Kyo,” I said. “Thanks so much for everything you did to help me until now! We part ways for now, but I’m sure we’ll meet again!”

“If we get some time, we’ll come see you in Llinger,” said Kiriha.

“Great! Well then, until then!” I said.

And with that, I turned around and walked off. I held my head high and did my best to keep all my sentimental thoughts at bay. I knew that if I turned around now, I’d stop walking and I’d start crying. I’d made up my mind, and I was determined to see my goals to completion, so I kept on walking until my two friends were well out of sight.





“According to the headmistress’ message, the merchant carriage should be around here somewhere,” I muttered.

I’d left Kiriha and Kyo’s home and was now near the gates to exit Luqvist. I looked around in search of the merchant carriage that would take me to Llinger.

“Where is it?”

There were a lot of carriages stopped near the city gates. There were plenty of people, too, but I couldn’t tell which of them was my ride.

“I guess I’ll just have to ask someone.”

I let out a little sigh and mustered up the courage to stop someone passing by. But just as I was about to do so, I caught sight of the city from the gates and stopped in place.

“I’m really leaving today,” I uttered as the reality impressed itself upon me.

I looked at the cityscape that had become a part of my everyday life and the busy main street, lively with students. I looked at all of it and felt a feeling of awe wash over me. It had always been such a dark and gloomy place for me, but finally, here and now, it struck me as breathtaking.

“This is where it begins,” I said. “This is where my new life starts.”

It was my journey to join the rescue team.

“What are you doing, just standing around like that?”

The voice behind me caught me completely by surprise. It was followed up by a kick in the back.

“Huh?!” I said, lurching forwards, baffled.

I knew that irrational, arrogant voice.

“What are you doing, sneaking up on me like that?! What do you want, Mina?!”

My old childhood friend and former bully, Mina, stood looking down at me with her arms crossed.

“Nothing, really,” she said. “I was just going for a walk, and then I saw an idiot standing around in the middle of the road. Figured I’d give you a gentle shove.”

“Mina . . .”

She hadn’t mellowed out in the slightest. Not only had she not learned a thing from our battle, it had only encouraged her to be more of who she was.

“So you’re leaving,” she said.

“How did you know?”

“Halpha told me.”

Why did I suddenly feel betrayed for my kindness? Then again, it wasn’t like I’d done him any great favors.





Hang on a second. If Halpha told Mina that I was going to be here, then she’s not just out on a casual stroll at all.

“So you’re not just out on a walk,” I said.

“I am so.”

“No, but . . .”

“I’m out on a walk,” Mina said stubbornly.

“Yeah, but Halpha . . .”

“How many times do I have to say it?”

“Fine.”

She was very intent on maintaining the “out on a walk” excuse. But why was she trying so hard to hide the fact that she was here to see me?

I sighed.

“Look, please don’t bother me,” I said. “I have to look for the merchant who is going to take me to the Llinger Kingdom.”

I waited for Mina to fire back, but I heard only silence.

“Hm?” I murmured.

What’s going on? Outside of her initial kick, Mina isn’t being herself.

It was weird, but then I noticed that Mina was silently pointing to the left, behind me.

“What are you doing?” I asked.

“The merchant you’re looking for is over there,” she said.

I looked more closely in the direction that Mina was pointing and noticed a slightly bigger carriage than all the others. People around were getting ready for departure. Mina was exactly right—that was the merchant I was looking for.

“Why did you help me?” I asked.

“I just happened to know it was there. That’s all. And then there was you looking all confused . . . and look—after you talked all big to me after our battle, I had to make sure you ended up doing what you said you would. Otherwise, you’d just make me look like an idiot with that promise!”

“Uh, wait. What? Why are you so angry all of a sudden?”

“I’m angry at your stupidity!”

This girl really had her hands full with all the bursts of weird kindness and sudden rage. But this wasn’t scary to me anymore—not now that Usato had hardened me to it. One thing was surprising, though.

“So you think of it as a promise,” I said.

On the day Usato had left Luqvist, Mina and I had talked. I told her that I was going to Llinger Kingdom, and that I’d wait for her there.

I was surprised that she remembered.

But the moment Mina realized the meaning of what I’d said, she blushed. Or at least, I felt like she did. The reason I wasn’t completely sure was because she stood in front of me, expressionless, as she formed burst magic in her palm.

So maybe the redness in her face is just a result of the heat. But even then, it might just be my imagination. Her eyes are growing a touch misty.

“Wait, so you were lying?” she asked.

“N-no . . .”

Mina’s usually aggressive expression fell silent as she walked toward me slowly, her burst magic still in hand. I felt suddenly in a very precarious situation.

“You said all of that, and you don’t think of it as a promise?” she asked.

“Erm . . .”

My instincts screamed at me not to disagree with her. That, and I was also aware that it was my fault for what I’d said.

“N-no, it’s not that,” I stammered. “That was true. I was serious. I swear it on my sister’s name.”

I wondered if that last part was going too far. In any case, I backed away slowly, and when I looked up at Mina, she had extinguished her magic and crossed her arms. She looked unimpressed.

“Let me tell you one thing, Nack,” she said. “I hate lies.”

“Huh?”

“I hate being ignored too. And being forgotten. But what I hate most of all is when people go back on what they say.”

What is she trying to say?

I was suddenly confused by what felt like something very profound. Mina glared at me.

“After everything you said to me, you better make sure you live up to your words and get stronger.”

“Mina,” I uttered.

“Those healers for the rescue team? I bet you can’t half-ass your way into a position like that. And you must really want it, seeing as you screamed it at the top of your voice in the middle of our fight.”

Mina remembered. She remembered what I shouted during our fight. The astonishment in my heart felt suddenly overwhelmed by how impressed I was. Even after everything she had put me through, Mina had, in her own way, accepted the goal that I was reaching for. It made me so happy.

“You threw away your noble title, and now you’re leaving Luqvist. If you want it that bad, then I demand that you make it happen. Don’t you dare back down on your word. Become a healer for the rescue team. Make that a reality.”

Was Mina cheering me on in her own unique and overly aggressive way?

It creeped me out a little to see her attitude change so much, but nonetheless, I was happy about this change inside of her.

Perhaps at this rate, she’ll calm her bullying, tormenting thoughts and . . .

“If you don’t become a full-fledged healer, then I can’t go all out on you when we fight,” Mina stated.

I said nothing. I couldn’t speak a word, in fact—Mina’s smile and her words were anything but filled with kindness.

Usato, I can’t do it! This girl is legitimately crazy! She doesn’t even think like an ordinary human does!

“I am going to get even stronger than I am now,” said Mina. “I am going to master mana boosting, and I am going to learn to fully control my fireballs. But if I do that and all you are is quick on your feet, then what is even the point?!”

I take back everything I said about being impressed.

I still couldn’t speak a word. Mina looked like she was really enjoying herself. In cases like this, it was best just to not show any fear and to accept things head on.

“You just watch then,” I said. “I’m going to join the rescue team and become strong enough to stand side by side with Usato. I’m going to stand head and shoulders above my competition.”

“Big talk for someone so small. I don’t believe it.”

Ouch. Hit a guy where it hurts, why don’t you?

“But you’re the same height as me!” I shot back.

“I’m a girl; it doesn’t matter!”

“You don’t seem like much of a girl to . . .”

Before I could finish my comeback, Mina’s glare silenced me. I really had no idea where the line was for her and how not to cross it. In any case, we’d been talking a while already. I had to make sure I got to the merchant carriage before it left.

“Anyway, thanks for pointing out the merchant carriage for me,” I said. “I have to go.”

I turned around and made to leave

“Wait right there.”

“Hurk!” I grunted as Mina grabbed me by the collar.

I spun back around.

“What’s the big idea?!” I asked.

“Here,” said Mina.

“Huh?”

Mina had a letter in her hands.

I took it from her, but it puzzled me.

“It’s from your sister,” stated Mina.

“What? How?”

“It arrived at my place last night, but it’s addressed to you.”

I turned the envelope over in my hand and saw my name written on the back of it in handwriting much neater and nicer than my own. Was it possible that my parents passed my message on to my sister? Was such a thing even possible?

It hadn’t been very long since I sent my letter, but it was enough time for someone to send a reply. I opened the envelope, careful not to rip it, and with shaky hands I took a letter from it. It was written by my sister, whom I hadn’t seen in many years.





I am doing well.

I wish you all the best.





It was just two short and concise lines, but her neat script was a touch rushed, as if she had written the letter in a hurry. I could see just how desperate she was to write me a reply. In just two lines, I felt everything she wanted to say.

My sister was in good health, and she was still cheering me on—me, her useless brother who had relinquished his position in the family. I burned her words into my mind, then looked up at Mina, who for some reason had a sulky look on her face.

“Thank you, Mina,” I said.

“Don’t thank me. I just didn’t want your sister’s request to go ignored.”

“All the same, thank you.”

Mina responded with a loud “Hmph” and looked away. I put the letter neatly in with the letter that Usato had given me. I didn’t think I would ever hear my sister’s voice again, so I never imagined she would ever send me a letter.

Now I truly had zero regrets.

“Okay, now I’m going for real,” I said.

“Yeah, you do whatever you want,” muttered Mina.

I threw my rucksack on my back and looked at Mina. She still had her arms crossed. She still looked unimpressed. I didn’t have anything left to say. I don’t know if she did, either, but then I didn’t think that either of us needed any kind of dramatic parting words.

She was my childhood friend, my bully, and now my new rival. We’d promised to one day fight again, and though it was weird to think about too deeply, I figured it was all good. I guess the problem was how our relationship would change over time. Still, I was hopeful that things would work out fine. I didn’t have any proof of this—just a sense that it would.

We’d know for sure some time in the future, after both of us had grown. Where would I be then? Would I be an exceptional rescue team healer, standing alongside Usato?

Whatever future it was that awaited me, I couldn’t wait to meet it.

Without another word, I turned away from Mina and headed for the merchant carriage.

“This is where it all begins,” I said.

A life of my own, where nobody tied me down.

I knew that it wasn’t going to be easy. It was going to be tougher than anything I’d been through until now, and that reality would be so harsh that sometimes I’d want to cry. But I’d chosen this path for myself, so I would stand up no matter how many times I fell. I would keep on going.

It was with these feelings burning in my chest that I took my first steps toward becoming a member of the rescue team.





The Wrong Way to Use Healing Magic Volume 4

(CHIYUMAHO NO MACHIGATTA TSUKAIKATA -SENJO O KAKERU KAIHUKUYOIN-Vol.4)

©KUROKATA 2017

First published in Japan in 2017 by KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo.

English translation rights arranged with KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo.





ISBN: 978-1-64273-403-4





No part of this may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by storage and retrieval system without the written permission of the publisher. For information contact One Peace Books. Every effort has been made to accurately present the work presented herein. The publisher and authors regret unintentional inaccuracies or omissions, and do not assume responsibility for the accuracy of the translation in this book. Neither the publishers nor the artists and authors of the information presented in herein shall be liable for any loss of profit or any other commercial damages, including but not limited to special, incidental, consequential or other damages.





Written by KUROKATA

Art by KeG

Translated by Hengtee Lim

English Edition Published by One Peace Books 2024





One Peace Books

43-32 22nd Street STE 204 Long Island City New York 11101

www.onepeacebooks.com





