	The Wrong Way to Use

	Healing Magic

	– Chiyu Mahou no Machigatta Tsukaikata –





	- Volume 3 -

	The Monster that Controls

	Life and Death





	-Author-

	Kurokata



	-ILLUSTRATOR-

	KeG





	[ Shiru Sekai Translations | ShiroKun’s Translation ]





Chapters 66

	I was in the center of a large, dark, and ominous room.

	Below my feet was an expensive-looking carpet. Above me were beautiful chandeliers that didn’t fit the atmosphere of this room. But upon closer inspection, everything around me was broken and crumbling. It was pitch-black and I couldn’t find anything resembling a window.

	I didn’t bother questioning why I was in a room like this. I only focused on the current situation and tried to face what was ahead of me. I was able to confirm that Usato and Ark-san were both in this room as well.

	However, Ark-san looked worn-out and held his sword while facing Usato.

	As for Usato, his back was facing me and he was talking to someone.

	“You’re truly an idiot.”

	“………”

	“If you regret it, then why didn’t you notice it earlier? The thing that you desired was already in your hands. But of all things, you were the one to let it go from your own hands… Regardless of your intentions.”

	I wonder who he was talking to.

	I couldn’t see who was in front of Usato from my position. Although I couldn’t see that person’s face, I could tell that they were injured… That person was leaning against the wall.

	Looking closely, Usato’s clothes were tattered. They didn’t tear as he was wearing that special Rescue Squad uniform… But it was awfully dirty. I could also see dried blood on the temple of his forehead. It looked like the aftermath of an intense fight.

	The person in front of Usato said something to him. Afterwards, that person drew closer to Usato and squatted.

	At that instant, I could see the appearance of that person for a few moments. It was really only for just an instant. It was hard to tell in the darkness but I felt like I saw that person’s mouth distort into a crescent moon’s shape. Once I saw those sharp fangs, ‘My’ vision greatly shook.

	“Usato! Avoid it!!”

	I jumped out and screamed.

	At the same time, ‘That person’ suddenly pulled out a dagger and thrust it at Usato. I couldn’t tell whether it pierced Usato or not as I couldn’t see the front.

	—However, I ended up seeing blood drip down from Usato’s legs.



	My vision became blurred.

	It felt like a scene from a dream. I couldn’t reach my hand out towards it… It felt like it was going somewhere far away.

	I want to know what would happen next.

	What happens to Usato?

	Is he injured?

	Is he okay?

	He’s alive, right?

	Am I going to…… Be all alone again……?

	I couldn’t help but think of the worst case scenarios in my head… I was scared.

	It was always like this for me. The essential things and the important things… They always ‘end’ for me. Regardless of my will, the scenes I want to see the most never come. I won’t be able to see past those parts.

	I always feel vexed at myself when I wake up after seeing them. It was frustrating that I couldn’t do anything…

	Was Kaa-san always holding such a heavy burden?

	I had to face against a reality and future that couldn’t be opposed…… The thing called fate was really absurd……


◊ ◊ ◊

	“Eh? You saw a dream where someone stabbed me?”

	“Yeah.”

	After hearing Amako’s dream from her, I grimaced.

	It had been a few days since we left Luquis. We hadn’t encountered any bandits or monsters. Our journey was smooth so far. But Amako had just told me of her premonition, leading me to believe that things won’t be as easy from now on.

	Amako’s prediction of the future will definitely come true.

	Unless she tries to do something about it, the future will absolutely not change. Lyngle would have already fallen were it not for Amako urging me back then…

	“Is that really true, Amako-dono?”

	“I don’t know exactly when it’ll come but I can somehow tell that it’ll be in the near future.”

	Amako nodded and replied to Ark-san who was riding on the horse.

	“Where was I stabbed?”

	“…I don’t know. I think around your stomach area.”

	Stomach area, huh…

	“Sounds painful…”

	“……Yeah.”

	“……”

	“……Eh, that’s it?”

	“Eh?”

	I mean… I wasn’t really afraid of something like being stabbed in the stomach at this point.

	I think my battle against that snake was much more painful. Besides, I would only be stabbed by a little knife. As long as it doesn’t hit one of my vitals, I can immediately counterattack.

	Honestly, I was more afraid of Leader’s fists.

	Did you know Amako? Once a person continuously receives blows that far exceed their limit, they won’t feel anything anymore at some point.

	“……No, no no no, what if the knife is coated with deadly poison or something…!?”

	“I’ll use healing magic to cure myself…”

	If it’s poison, I have experience with that against the snake too. It should be no problem.

	“You were also bleeding…”

	“How much?”

	“………Just a bit.”

	Just a scratch then. It’s something I can manage.

	“No problem then.”

	“……”

	“Wait a moment. Stop looking at me with those eyes.”

	It’s like she didn’t understand what I was saying and thought I was something beyond human.

	Why am I being treated like a monster just because I have resistance to poison and damage?

	……Actually. If I thought about it, I did sound like a monster. But I’m sure there are even more incredible monsters out there…

	“But perhaps we ought to be careful. If we take into consideration what Amako-dono has said, we’ll definitely be involved in a troublesome situation in the near future.”

	“That’s true. Well, we know what will happen but we can’t do much… Amako, is it possible to change this future like at that time with Lyngle?”

	Amako shook her head.

	In that case, it looks like I’ll be stabbed by a knife no matter what.

	“Should I start tempering my abdominal muscles right away? No, how about I start fighting before I get stabbed? Actually, wouldn’t it faster to beat the hell of the person stabbing me with a knife? What do you think, Amako?”

	“You already know it’s going to happen so why are you trying to overturn it…?”

	Well, yeah. Still, if I know something is going to happen, I would obviously try to do something to quickly resolve it.

	It’s better to do something than not doing anything and regretting it.

	“For the time being, I should do some training. Bluerin, you want to train too?”

	“Guah!?”

	I see, I see. You want to do it too.

	As expected of my partner.

	It seemed Bluerin was really happy as he kept beating on my legs. While laughing, I looked at Amako. I thought this before but, Amako is a little thin. If I consider our journey ahead, it might be a good idea to forge her body a bit.

	“How about you, Amako? You can build some muscle. It might come in handy.”

	“Definitely not.”

	I didn’t think she would reject so strongly.

	I was shocked as Amako gave a clear refusal and distanced herself from me. Bluerin was also still beating on my legs.

	Ark-san, who had seen this exchange, gave a heartfelt laugh.

	The three of us, plus one horse, continued our journey with a favorable atmosphere like this.


◊ ◊ ◊

	“Ark-san, have we still not arrived at Samariel yet?”

	Night time. We stopped near the path we were on and set up a campfire. We would be here till morning. It was dark and the only source of light came from the moon. The monsters were also more active during the night. With that being the case, Ark-san and I would take turns watching over the fire.

	Amako had already fallen asleep and was lying on Bluerin.

	It was still a little early for bed so I decided to ask Ark-san about this journey while tossing some dry wood into the fire.

	“We still have quite a bit of distance to travel.”

	Our next destination, Samariel, was still far away.

	Well, there weren’t any cars or trains in this world. It was obvious it would take time to travel to distant countries. I understood that but there was another problem.

	It was necessary to have food and water while traveling.

	We could obtain water from rivers but our food supply was gradually diminishing. We had to think of a way to procure some more… I wonder if there were any good methods.

	“Our food supply is running a bit short. Any idea where we could procure some more?”

	“Let’s see… Umm, there should be a village not far from here. Let’s obtain some food from there.”

	Ark-san obtained a map from his leather satchel. After looking at it for a moment, he nodded.

	Approaching a village… It really feels like an RPG. I’m excited.

	“Well, if we’re really in need of food, Bluerin and I could do some fishing or hunt for some animals.”

	“Guah.”

	“Don’t growl like that. It’s like you’re saying it’s a pain in the ass. You’re the one who eats the most here.”

	“Hahaha, how reliable.”

	I lightly smacked Bluerin on the head.

	Seriously, you’re the one who eats the most. You should be more like a wild monster and go hunt.

	“However, hmm…”

	Ark-san looked at the map once more.

	“What’s wrong?”

	“There are some strange rumors in the surroundings of this village.”

	“Strange rumors?”

	Not the village itself but the surroundings? I wonder what kind of rumors they are. Just as I thought about asking, Ark-san had a mysterious expression and started talking.

	“I’ve heard that skilled knights, adventurers, and bandits have suddenly disappeared in this area. They haven’t contacted anyone either.”

	“I don’t think that’s a strange rumor. Rather, doesn’t that sound like a dangerous one…?”

	Completely disappearing all of a sudden is quite disturbing.

	In my world, I guess it would be called spirited away? It was like how we were summoned into another world from our original world but… To disappear from this world, I could think of several causes.

	Like being captured by bandits, getting attacked by monsters, or falling off a cliff…

	“No, I say they have gone missing but… They show up again after a while. The shortest is around a few months while the longest is several years.”

	“What’s with that? Are those people fine?”

	It was certainly strange…… No, if I had to word it better, it was eerie.

	If the people who disappeared returned after a while and they were fine… I wonder what happened to them during the time they were gone.

	“I don’t know much either, this is just what I’ve heard… It seems like the people who have returned after their disappearance lost their memory of the time while they were gone.”

	“Lost… their memory?”

	“There are various guesses. It could be that the people are overwhelmed at their own situation because they have crossed over time. It’s also possible someone stole their memories…”

	“Yes, it’s possible that it could be some kind of rare magic at work here…”

	In my former world, this case would be labeled as something like the mysterious disappearances event. But magic existed in this world and it was commonplace. A possibility like this certainly existed.

	Honestly, I wasn’t good with topics like this.

	In fact, I wasn’t good with ghost stories or the Horror genre in general. If a ghost appeared in front of me, I would be scared. I mean, it’s not like I could punch it.

	Seeing that my face looked a little pale, Ark-san gently smiled. He then folded his arms and spoke reassuringly to me.

	“Well, there haven’t been any rumors of anyone going missing in these past few years. I think it should be okay. Just think of it as an interesting story I’ve heard from traders.”

	“I-is that so…”

	I’m glad. There hasn’t been any thing in these few years. In that case, it’ll be fine.

	I imagined a scenario where we would be caught in this spirited away rumor as we walked on this path to the village. But it looks like I don’t need to be afraid of that anymore.

	A Fantasy world like this didn’t need something like the Horror genre. Merging the two together is a big no.

	Besides, something like a ghost doesn’t———

	“Guuh…”

	Bluerin, who was drowsily sleeping just a moment ago, suddenly gave a small growl towards a bush.

	“Ark-san.”

	“Err…”

	I exchanged looks with Ark-san. He picked up the sword beside him and stood up.

	Something had entered Bluerin’s view just now in that bush.

	Whether it was a monster or someone lying in ambush… In either case, the fact that the other party was concealing themselves means that they didn’t come with friendly intentions.

	I’ll leave Amako, who was still sleeping, to Bluerin. Ark-san and I both drew closer to the bush.

	“……”

	Once I see them, I guess I’ll knock them out hard with a Healing Punch, for the time being.

	If it isn’t an enemy, I’ll apologize afterwards.

	If it’s a monster, I’ll knock them unconscious without any reservations.

	If it’s a ghost, I’ll carry everyone and run away.

	I advanced while coating my fist with healing magic. I placed my hands on the bush and spread it apart—

	“Houh! Ho-Houh!!”

	“Uoh!?”

	—At that moment, a black figure jumped out.

	While I was surprised, I lowered my fist. I took a closer look at what had just flown away.

	“An owl……?”

	It had large wings and a round silhouette. It gave an awfully high-pitched hoot before disappearing within the forest.

	Ark-san saw the owl as well and laid down his sword. He smiled in relief and said,

	“……It looks like we were a bit too tense.”

	“Hahaha… Seems to be the case.”

	I probably still wasn’t used to traveling on a journey like this yet. It was just Ark-san said, I was too tense.

	It might be a better idea to relax a little. If I’m on guard all the time, I might overstrain myself and not be able to react in time when something does happen.

	I sat back down where I was previously sitting and quieted my thoughts. As I did so, something about what just happened attracted my curiosity.

	“Wait… Do owls hoot like that?”

	And why was it in a bush? I’m pretty sure it started flying from the ground too.

	I didn’t know if that was how a real owl was supposed to sound but, it just felt bizarre to me for some reason. I blankly stared at the gloomy forest where the owl disappeared.





Chapters 67

	The next day, we headed towards the nearby village to procure food.

	Ark-san was walking a bit behind us as he led the horse along. At the head of the group was Bluerin, Amako, and me. We would continue our journey like this without any problems as usual… At least that’s what I thought. But it was a little different today.

	“……”

	“Amako-dono?”

	“What’s wrong?”

	Amako suddenly held her ears.

	Did she perceive something humans couldn’t? Now curious, I tried listening with my ears.

	“————Ve——Me!!”

	A woman… No, a young girl’s voice?

	I stopped walking and listened more carefully. As I did so, the surrounding trees rustled and a shriek resounded—

	“SOMEONE SAVE ME!!”

	“Usato!”

	“I know!!”

	I began to run once I heard the girl’s cry for help.

	I don’t know what the situation is like but it’s definitely an emergency. If I waited for everyone else, it might be too late to save her. I decided to go ahead of them since my legs are faster. Amako and the rest can just come afterwards.

	I climbed up the shallow slope that was encircled by trees. Beyond the slope, I could make out several figures in the distance. I had to strain my eyes to see due to how far they were… I could see a girl around the same age as me in tattered clothes and she was being surrounded by a group.

	“There!!”

	It looks like she hasn’t been met with any danger yet. But from the looks of it, the group surrounding her didn’t look like an honest bunch with good intentions… Their eyes looked devoid of life and they had pale skin.

	I need to hurry and save her, I don’t know what they’ll do.

	“Get down!!”

	The girl noticed me running towards her as I yelled out. I also created a magic orb and threw it with as much strength as I could.

	My magic orb flew straight towards the guys surrounding the girl and blew two of them away.

	I arrived at the gap I created from sending the two guys tumbling and immediately carried the girl away. Using this moment, I checked to see if the girl was safe.

	“Are you okay!? Are you injured!?”

	“Eh!?…… Umm…… What was that just now…?”

	The girl’s pupils shrunk into dots and looked up at me.

	She had long light-brown hair that reached her shoulders and beautiful amber-colored eyes. Maybe I was scared that something happened to the girl; as I stared intently at her and met the gaze of her moist eyes…… I involuntarily gulped.

	“……”

	Somehow, I ended up being charmed by her.

	I’m not the type to fall in love at first sight with a girl I just met right…? Is it because I’ve only been around females with weird personalities? As a result of that, I don’t have any resistance towards normal girls?

	While shaking off my evil thoughts, I lowered the girl onto the ground.

	“Stay behind me. My friends will come in a moment… Leave these guys to me.”

	“Y-yes…”

	I had to deal with this group first.



	From their attire, they didn’t look like bandits. They aren’t a type of monster either.

	They wore torn clothes like a vagrant and their arms were hanging languidly. In the slight gap formed by their bangs, their lifeless eyes stared at me.

	I see, they’re perverts… No matter what world it is, there will always be people like this.

	“Why are you all trying to assault this girl…?”

	Despite trying to start a conversation with them, I was ignored.

	The two guys that I knocked away with my healing magic a moment ago stood back up like nothing happened and faced me.

	……I’ll try threatening them.

	“Umm, these guys are…”

	“I don’t know what you’re all trying to accomplish by assaulting this girl but…… If you come any closer, I’ll pluck out one of your arms… for the time being. If you don’t want that, then tell me the reason you’re targeting this girl. For the guys that are planning on trying something funny— Prepare yourselves for the worst, you shitty bastards.”

	“……”

	“……Hm? Were you saying something just now?”

	“I-i-i-i-i-i-i-it’s nothing at all.”

	The girl looked paler than before and turned her head away while her body was shaking.

	It looks like I ended up frightening the girl behind me instead of the group in front of me.

	It looked like the other side wasn’t threatened at all. In fact, they were coming closer.

	“Haah……”

	As I sighed, I quietly coated healing magic over my fist and let the girl behind me retreat back.

	“Ugaaaaah!!”

	“I guess there’s no choice… Don’t think poorly of me!! You should get back!!”

	“Hiiih… Yes!”

	One of the perverts gave an ominous cry and rushed at me. I tightly squeezed my fist coated with healing magic and launched a punch with all my strength at the approaching target’s stomach.

	I knocked him about 5 meters away and lightly shook my fist. Once his body hit the ground, he rolled for a bit before stopping.

	How’s that…? It’s a punch without holding back. It should be more than enough to knock you unconscious.

	“W-what is going on…?”

	The girl behind me was awfully confused but she was probably just surprised by the power of my fist.

	While feeling a little sad that I was used to this kind of reaction by now, I looked at the man I knocked away.

	……However, it felt too solid. Was he hiding an iron plate or something behind his clothes? While phrasing it like this was in poor taste… It didn’t feel like the sensation of punching a person.

	As I felt something out of place, I turned my attention to the remaining guys but… The man I knocked away got up, which astonished me.

	“You got up… You sure are tough… Wait!?”

	His abdomen caved in!?

	Why? There shouldn’t have been that much power. Additionally, my healing magic should have healed it.

	No, before all that… Why was he able to stand up like that!?

	““Ugaaaah!!””

	“Kuh……”

	While I didn’t fully understand this strange situation, several of them commenced their attack.

	I coated my fist with healing magic, still bewildered, and swung at all of them. They all felt strangely hard… and brittle. It felt like I was punching at the trunk of a tree.

	Was magic not effective against these guys? Were they not human?

	Either way—

	“My Healing Punch isn’t effective…”

	“Ugyaah!?”

	As I used a Healing Punch and knocked away one of them, I felt shocked.

	To think that my technique would be nullified like this…

	Healing magic wasn’t effective. This was an enemy that I couldn’t knock unconscious.

	“I…”

	“Ugwuh!?”

	I used a roundhouse kick against two guys and blew them away. Another one tried to grab me from the side but I caught his arm and threw him onto the ground.

	“Just what should I do…?”

	“Agaah!?”

	I formed a magic orb with the hand I had just used to throw, and fired it behind me, right into the assailant’s face. New technique, Healing Blind— Form an orb of magic and gently blind the opponent, obstructing their vision. The attacker that had tried to punch me ended up punching a nearby tree instead.

	“…Looks like healing magic really isn’t effective, huh…”

	All of them started getting back up again. Seeing this, I sighed for the second time today.

	Healing Punch… No, any attack with healing magic is easily defeated. Just what on Earth are these guys? Is it a special race or something? At any rate, it doesn’t change the fact that it’s creepy.

	“Wouldn’t it be fine to just beat them up normally!? Are you an idiot, Usato!?”

	“No, that’s true but you see…”

	“Ugyauh.”

	As I knocked another one to the ground, I replied to Amako who had appeared and shouted at me.

	It’s not like I had to use my Healing Punch, I had plenty of other ways to fight as well. In the end, the Healing Punch was “A punch that would keep my opponent safe to a certain extent.” If I couldn’t use it and I didn’t want to hurt my opponent, I just had to knock them down or pin them down.

	“You sure are doing things in a flashy manner again… Usato-dono.”

	“Yes. Haah—“

	Ark-san sounded troubled as he looked at what was happening in front of him. I breathed out in relief.

	I realized it as I fought but, while these guys have a lot of physical strength, their speed is unexpectedly slow.

	It was different from the Demons or Humans. They groan, act violently, and only go for the prey that’s right in front of them like wild animals.

	“Just what are these guys?”

	“……Usato’s healing magic doesn’t work on them and their bodies look like this… It’s my first time seeing them but I suspect they are—“

	They couldn’t be injured nor bleed. They kept getting up no matter.

	I focused my gaze on Ark-san and he blurted out a name that fulfilled these conditions.

	“Zombies.”

	That name was, in a certain sense, a famous name of a monster back in my original world.


◊ ◊ ◊

	“Zombies, is it…?”

	“They are deceased that continue to move as corpses. No matter what kind of wounds they suffer, they will stand right back up. Although they are sluggish, they’ve surpassed the human limits for physical strength. They are that kind of ‘monster.’”

	They weren’t humans, but monsters.

	I knew a bit about the zombies in this world. It was only from what I’ve read but, the monsters known as zombies are a specific type of monster that derived from humans that have died. They are reanimated and manipulated like puppets.

	It wasn’t an infection or anything. Of course, you won’t become a zombie if you get bitten.

	“Then, if these guys are zombies like you said… There should be someone manipulating them somewhere, right?”

	“I believe so.”

	In any case, I now knew why my healing magic didn’t work against them. Zombies were dead humans, in other words, undead. Healing magic only has an effect on the living.

	I released the healing magic that was coating my limbs.

	It wasn’t necessary to use anymore healing magic. I had no choice but to punch them like sacks of meat and finish this.

	“Attacks that are effective against them would be something like Kazuki-sama’s light magic which possesses the holy element. Also—“

	Ark-san stepped forward and unsheathed his sword.

	When he did so, flames traveled from the edge of his sword to the zombies, and vigorously burned them.

	Fire magic. Infusing fire magic into his sword and releasing it at the same time of his draw…… So cool. How should I say it? It looked so stylish when he drew his sword like that.

	While I secretly admired Ark-san’s technique, his flames were enveloping the expressionless zombies and burning them. They shook in fear and cried out.

	“GYA, AAAH… AAAAH!!”

	“They are weak to fire. Please leave the rest to me.”

	“…Then I’ll gladly accept your kind intentions.”

	The zombies became agitated before Ark-san’s flames and started scattering in every direction.

	Zombies are weak to fire, huh. Well, they did feel like dry wood when I was punching them. I guess it makes sense that they easily burn…?

	“Well, anyhow… Amako, is that girl okay?”

	“Yeah…… I don’t think she’s hurt anywhere.”

	“Guah.”

	I turned around and confirmed that the girl was safe beside Amako and Bluerin.

	And Amako… You’re wearing your hood again. It looks like you still wear it except when only we’re around. Well, it was probably a good idea in this current situation.

	“You saved me when I was in danger…… Ah, I’m called Neah! Umm, erm… Thank you very much!!”

	“Y-yeah…”

	It seems like her fear has faded since the zombies were now gone. The girl, Neah-san, gave a radiant smile and bowed her head.

	Her smile was far too dazzling, I couldn’t help but turn my head away.


◊ ◊ ◊

	“You live in the nearby village?”

	“Yes.”

	The girl who was assaulted by the group of zombies, Neah-san, replied.

	She was one of the inhabitants of the village and came here in order to look for medicinal plants. She then encountered the zombies but luckily met us and was saved.

	Currently, she wanted to thank us and was guiding us to the village.

	The unexpected part was that it seemed she wasn’t particularly afraid of Bluerin. Despite how the students in Luquis would be shaking the moment Bluerin entered their line of sight, Neah-san wasn’t afraid at all and would even smile.

	……She did travel all the way from the village on her own. Maybe she had more guts than you would expect.

	“Usato-san, you sure possess an amazing magic.”

	“Yeah? Amazing magic…?”

	“You could easily knock those zombies away and could fire a magic orb with such speed. I’ve never seen someone fire a magic orb that fast before. Is it some kind of magic that strengthens the body? Or are you using wind magic to accelerate it? No, don’t tell me it’s actually the rare gravity magic?”

	I wonder if this is how it felt to be indirectly treated as an otherworldly being…

	“Puh……”

	Amako, you just laughed, right?

	I glared at Amako, who was quivering and hiding under her hood. Then I gave an awkward smile to Neah-san who was looking at me with sparkling eyes.

	Her innocent smile was far too dazzling for someone with a corrupted mind like me…

	“N-no… Umm. I’m a healing magician, you see.”

	“………Hah? Healing… magician…… Eh, but aren’t healing magicians only capable of healing others…”

	“Like I said, that’s… I was just fighting normally just a moment ago, I didn’t use much magic.”

	Neah-san’s eyes opened wide. She probably didn’t think that the magic I had was actually healing magic of all things… A magic that could only heal.

	“I-In other words… Just now…”

	“It was all hand-to-hand combat without any magic… I don’t blame you for being surprised. After all, Usato is a healing magician that’s all brawn.”

	Hold it in. You can do it, me. Neah-san is still here… Amako’s punishment will be dealt afterwards…

	“Hahaha, it’s just as Amako-dono said. He has an unconventional way of using magic. But thanks to that, it’s also true that he was able to save many lives.”

	Ark-san gave an exquisitely good follow-up and brought Neah-san back to her senses. It seems like she thought her behavior just now was rude. She suddenly turned to face me and said,

	“No! I was just surprised. I was absolutely not thinking of anything rude about Usato-san!!”

	“Y-yeah. I don’t really mind it so…”

	I replied to Neah-san who was drawing closer to me with a frantic expression. I thought this before but… I couldn’t make eye contact with this girl for some reason.

	She wasn’t like Inukami-senpai who desired the attention and was brimming with curiosity. She wasn’t like Uluru-san who was lively and cheerful either. If I had to choose something, she reminded me more of a puppy.

	In a good sense, I felt a desire to protect her. In a bad sense, she was pushy.

	“Wait, too close, too close.”

	“! S-sorry…”

	Upon noticing that she had gotten too close to my personal space, Neah-san’s face turned bright red and took 3 steps back. In addition, I felt like she was directing a passionate gaze towards me.

	Hey, hey. Don’t tell me this is… Lo—

	“Humph!”

	“Uguoh!? Amako, what are you doing all of a sudden!?!?”

	“……Usato, you’ll be deceived by a woman in the future. Definitely.”

	“Haah!?”

	What’s with that remark!? If it were anyone else, I would think they’re just being jealous. But when you’re the one saying it, I can’t help but feel anxious, you know!? Amako had abruptly kicked me in the shin and suddenly given me that warning. I couldn’t conceal my fear once I heard them.

	“You’re being too dere-dere. I can’t bear to watch this.”

	“Be quiet. Leaving that aside, what you said just now, is it a premonition or something?”

	“……”

	Why are you being silent now!?

	Seeing the exchange between me and Amako, Neah-san had calmed down. She then gave a stiff smile and said,

	“It’s been a while since I’ve seen people outside from the village. I might’ve been a little too excited.”

	“It’s been a while, you say. Does that mean there aren’t a lot of people stopping by your village?”

	Neah-san’s expression darkened once she heard Ark-san’s question.

	After a brief period of silence, Neah-san opened her mouth and spoke with sorrow,

	“That’s right…… Zombies have been frequently appearing…… Because of that, it has been causing a lot of trouble for us.”

	I can certainly say that if those ominous zombies are loitering around the village, not many people would want to approach. In that case, traders won’t come. The village’s livelihood would suffer as a result and life would be more difficult for everyone.

	If I thought about it carefully, just the fact that this ordinary girl without any power was gathering herbs all the way here should have been enough for me to guess their circumstances.

	She was well-aware of how reckless it was to gather herbs here……

	“Do you know the reason why the zombies have appeared?”

	“……No, we don’t have the slightest idea.”

	It seems they didn’t know the reason.

	If we knew the origin for the outbreak of zombies, there would be plenty of ways to resolve it.

	“……We’ve arrived.”

	I returned from my musings once I heard Neah-san’s words.

	From what I could see in front, there was an entrance… Inside, there were houses lined up and they looked a bit old. It was a small village. Although it was small, it was bigger than I expected. It felt like the farm villages in the countryside back in my original world.

	“That’s where I was born and raised, the Village of Iyava.”

	Neah-san looked relieved. It was probably because she was able to safely return to the village.

	Looking closely at the village’s surroundings, the outer walls were different from Lyngle and Luquis… They were made with simplicity in mind… They didn’t provide much protection and were made out of wood. The outer walls were just there to mark what territory the village covered. The houses weren’t sturdily built either, they were just wooden buildings that had aged.

	“Neah!!”

	A woman called out to Neah-san from the village and started running over here. It was probably someone Neah-san knew, as she also started to run towards the woman.

	“Tetra-san.”

	“I’m glad…… You didn’t say anything and headed outside the village, I was very worried…”

	The old woman gently embraced Neah-san.

	“I’m sorry, but…… We didn’t have enough herbs…”

	“If it’s medicine, we’re still okay… It’s almost time for the village to send the young men out to gather some. At any rate, I’m just glad you’ve safely returned. And, who are these people behind you…?”

	“They are the ones who saved me when zombies were attacking me. Everyone, this is Tetra-san. She’s someone like… my parent.”

	After separating from the woman’s embrace, Neah-san faced us and gave introductions.

	Tetra-san didn’t completely understand what was going on for a moment, but once she heard that we saved Neah-san, she immediately gave a bow and tenderly smiled.

	“I’m truly grateful to you all for saving this girl. She’s really a girl with far too much courage… It’s quite troublesome. I really don’t know how I can thank you…”

	“W-wait a moment, Tetra-san!! We’re in front of guests, please don’t advance the conversation without me!”

	Neah-san’s cheeks were bright red as she tried to stop Tetra-san who was lamenting.

	I was a little curious when Neah-san said ‘someone like my parent’ but once I saw how these two interacted, I felt like there was no need to mind it.

	“No, we just did what anyone should have done!”

	Ah, that felt really normal for me to say.

	Actually, I was surprised. I was able to say such a phrase so normally despite my plain existence.

	“L-let’s head into the village for now. We’ll talk after that!”

	“That’s true. Three people… A horse, and a Blue Grizzly cub, right? There’s a stable where you can put these two. You should probably do that first.”

	We stepped into the village with Tetra-san and Neah-san.

	Other than these two, there were a lot of other villagers. They were all tilling the fields, or taking care of the horses and cows… Activities along those lines.

	Just as Neah-san had said, it looked like it was an unusual sight for people outside the village to stop by, as we were attracting a lot of attention from the villagers.

	“We’re on a journey. If possible, we would like to receive some food but…”

	“You don’t need to hold back. It looks like you’re all tired and have been traveling for a while. How about staying here for one day?”

	“No, we’re in quite a hurry for this journey. We’re happy just for the thought. Besides, we can’t inconvenience you.”

	Tetra-san slowly shook her head at Ark-san’s words.

	We had an obligation to deliver the letters to other countries. Even if it was to thank us, we couldn’t stay here for a day and cause trouble for them. It was just like Ark-san said, their feelings were enough.

	“You should properly rest when given the time to. Don’t you have a small child with you in your group? What will you do if you collapse during a critical moment? It would be better to get some sufficient rest now and be at your best condition before continuing on your journey.”

	“But…”

	“Besides, I’m just an old woman who doesn’t have much time left. It would be best to accept my good favor.”

	Tetra-san gave a lighthearted laugh while Ark-san seemed to be on the verge of giving up.

	Neah-san, who was beside her, also gave a wry smile.

	It looked the wisdom of age was powerful no matter which world you were in.

	“Small child… Small child… But I’m 14 years old…”

	Amako was whispering in shock.

	Well, you had such a small build and if you looked from the side, there was no way you looked like 14.

	……

	“Kukuku……”

	“……Usato, did you just laugh?”

	“Eh, no, I’m not laughing at all.”

	“……”

	I felt joy as Amako started drumming her fists on my back in silence.

	I never forget the humiliation I receive, no matter what it is… Mostly! And if I can return the favor, you bet I will… As long as it’s an opponent I can return it to!!

	As I was laughing and ridiculing her in my mind, Ark-san approached me and said,

	“Usato-dono, it’s just as she says. I think we’ve become quite fatigued from traveling. Let’s accept their kindness and trouble them for one day.”

	“……Although I can restore my stamina with my healing magic, I can’t heal mental fatigue.”

	I was used to sleeping on the bare earth by now, but it’s not like I didn’t have any stress accumulated.

	I felt a little guilty but I’ll take advantage of Tetra-san and Neah-san’s kindness. Tetra-san nodded in satisfaction after seeing that we accepted.

	“Good, good. First of all, I’ll lead you to where the horse and the Blue Grizzly will sleep.”

	I’ve heard the saying that, ‘If you pile enough good deeds, you will receive just as much as you’ve done.’ But it might not necessarily be wrong. That’s what I thought as I saw Tetra-san gently smiling.


◊ ◊ ◊

	After bringing Bluerin and the horse to the stables, we were invited to where Neah-san and Tetra-san lived.

	Their wooden house was a little big with two stories tall. I thought it looked quite spacious and once we were led inside, there was enough space for the three of us to each have individual rooms.

	“This place looks far too big for just two people to live.”

	When I said that to Neah-san, she gave an awkward smile and looked a little lonely.

	After giving us a small tour, we were led into our own rooms. Once the sky was dark, Neah-san informed us that dinner was ready.

	I went down the stairs with Ark-san and Amako. Tetra-san and Neah-san were sitting in a table that could fit 6 people… There was warm cooking lined up as well.

	Ark-san, I, and Amako took turns to sit down. Tetra-san tilted her head to the side as she looked at Amako. She directed a question at Amako, who had been wearing her hood this entire time—

	“Oh my, why do you always have that hood on, little girl…?”

	“……”

	“……Ah, erm… That’s……”

	We’ve been together this whole time and I’ve already forgotten the fact that Amako is a beastkin. Neah-san and Tetra-san looked at us suspiciously. Ark-san and I stiffened under their gazes.

	However, Amako took off her hood without saying anything.

	“Wait, Amako, you!?”

	Amako exposed her fox ears that were on top of her glossy blonde hair. I was astonished but she shook her head as if to indicate that there was no need to worry.

	“These people are fine. I’ve looked.”

	Looked? Her foresight?

	While I was still flustered, I turned to face Tetra-san and Neah-san. Tetra-san’s eyes slightly widened. Neah-san used both her hands to cover her mouth and her eyes were wide open. She was at a loss for words.

	If a girl with beast ears suddenly popped out in front of you, anyone would be surprised! In addition, you’re—

	“Hahahaha… Well, this is really surprising. I didn’t think you would be hiding such a lovely child.”

	“E… Eeh……”

	I unintentionally said so when I heard Tetra-san’s cheerful laugh.

	“Human and beastkin are the same, it’s really just a difference of one tail. I’m not such a narrow-minded human to find fault with such little things and I’m not someone who doesn’t know how to show gratitude to people whom I’m indebted to.”

	But Tetra-san followed with a few more words right after.

	“However, you shouldn’t show these in front of anyone else. Not everyone is eccentric like me.”

	I nodded.

	This person was really bold, in various ways. Was this what they called an easygoing person? Either way, it looks like we didn’t need to worry too much for Amako’s secret here.

	“I really didn’t think Amako-san would be a beastkin. I’m really astonished.”

	Neah-san looked at Amako and voiced in wonder. There was no ill will, she was just genuinely curious.

	“When we were making our way to the village, I thought that Usato-san and Amako-san got along really well with each other but… Now that I look at it, it’s really a mysterious relationship. After all, it’s not often you hear a human and a beastkin moving together like this.”

	“Well, I’m aware it’s an unusual thing.”

	I was told this many times during my stay in Luquis.

	But from how I see it, both of your reactions are unusual too. I haven’t personally seen a human who didn’t like non-humans up close so I didn’t have a good idea how much they hated them but… I know they wouldn’t act friendly like you two.

	“We can talk about this later, why don’t we have dinner first? We went through the trouble of making it, so we should eat it before it gets cold.”

	“That’s true too. Here, here. Please go ahead and eat to your heart’s content!”

	I reached out to the food as the two of them recommended.

	All I’ve been eating these days were cold, dried meat and fruit. This hot soup is very delicious in comparison. Tetra-san said Neah-san made this soup as well. I see. She’ll become a good wife in the future.

	……Wait, what am I saying? Am I an old man or something!?!?

	“Thanks for the food. It was really delicious.”

	“Eh, no, you’re exaggerating.”

	After finishing the meal, I gave my praise to Neah-san. It looked like she wasn’t used to given praise like this as her cheeks became red and she hung her head down.

	……How should I say this? I’m not used to it. Whether it be her reactions or anything else. She was completely different from the females I’ve come across so far.

	Is it because they were all strong, whether mentally or physically? Like Rose and Kiriha… Carla-san too. They were all strong in a sense, even though they were different.

	“About those zombies… Do you know when they started appearing frequently around here?”

	“They…”

	As Tetra-san was in the middle of cleaning the tableware, Ark-san asked Neah-san.

	Was there something about the zombies that caught his interest?

	“Zombies aren’t monsters that just occur naturally. They are monsters created by another’s hand. We might be able to determine the identity of the creator.”

	“Ark-san?”

	“……”

	Neah-san sunk into silence as she was speaking and Ark-san pressed her again. I didn’t know what Ark-san was trying to say but I knew he wasn’t someone who didn’t know how to hold back, especially when the other person was a girl like this.

	I should leave this to him while carefully watching over the situation.

	“Do you really not know? Perhaps, this village has some sort of guess as to who created these zombies?”

	“……”

	“Neah-san, I understand your feelings that you don’t want us to get involved but, could you tell us?”

	Neah-san’s body trembled once she heard Ark-san’s words. From that, I understood something.

	At first, when I asked about the zombies, she replied ‘We don’t know.’ But that was just a lie she made up because she was worried about us. In reality, she probably knew who the creator was, or even the place where these zombies were being made.

	“……S…… Ve……”

	Before I realized it, Neah-san started speaking in broken fragments.

	I suspect that once we knew the truth about the zombies, we’ll probably want to defeat the creator…… No, knowing myself, I know I would definitely go.

	Neah-san didn’t want that, that’s why—

	“The village, everyone here… Please save us.”

	The figure of the girl, who was full of tears and that desired to be saved, overlapped with Amako who was next to her.





* * *



	Author: The enemy that Usato’s healing magic isn’t effective against are the zombies.

	And it will rather be more dangerous by preventing the use of healing magic… Because of the high endurance of the zombies, if Usato keeps punch them endlessly, he’ll become someone like Biscuit Oliva by the end. Shudder





Chapters 68

	The dark night sky was now dyed vermilion by the sunrise.

	The sun in this world wasn’t any different from the one in my previous world. It was one of the few things that the two worlds had in common with each other. I was outside of Neah’s house and looking at the scenery. As I did so, I got ready to start today’s training.

	As for why I was training so early in the morning… I just got into the habit of doing so and because it was the most convenient time for me to train while we were traveling.

	“……Alright.”

	After finishing my warm-up exercises, I turned my attention to a nearby tree that was about 3 meters tall. I lightly struck it with my fist, to confirm that it was sturdy.

	Yup, seems fine.

	“Fuuh…”

	I kicked off from the trunk of the tree to elevate myself and caught onto a large branch. I inverted myself and hooked my legs over the branch. From there, I started doing sit-ups.

	Due to Amako’s premonition, I felt it was necessary for me to strengthen my abdominal muscles. That’s why I’m training like this but I don’t really know if it would be effective. But it’s not meaningless.

	Furthermore, even without Amako’s warning, I now had another reason to train hard.

	“Please… Save us… Huh…”

	As I continued to do sit-ups, I thought about what happened last night.

	We heard directly from her about the state of affairs. As for our decision and how we would deal with this problem…


◊ ◊ ◊

	“The village, everyone here… Please save us.”

	Upon seeing the girl tearfully plead us, I was initially perplexed, but I felt an unpleasant feeling overtake me shortly after.

	However, I wasn’t astonished because of the village’s dire circumstances. For someone living here to plead like this just shows that they were at their wits’ end. It was more in the sense of whether or not it was really alright for me to easily take responsibility and accept her words… ‘Save us’.

	We weren’t exactly going on this journey to save people on the way. We were on a mission to save a country, and all the people living on this continent. If we saved everyone we met without exception, and we don’t achieve our initial object, it would be fine if I’m the only one who has to take responsibility for it.

	As someone who has been entrusted with these letters, I must refuse this girl’s plea to save everyone here.

	But as someone from the Rescue Squad— It was part of my duty to save the lives of other people, I must save her and the villagers here.

	“Why don’t you tell us everything first? So that we can understand and think about what to do from here.”

	In response to my suggestion, Neah-san wiped her eyes and nodded.

	“The zombies suddenly made an appearance about two years ago. They emerged from a cemetery in the outskirts of the village… The villagers that were buried there had suddenly revived as zombies.”

	“And the revived zombies…?”

	“They caused a lot of harm, threw the village into disorder, lots of villagers were injured and… Some have left the village as well.”

	If they showed up about 2 years ago, then that should be around the time that the Demon King revived. It might be something related to the awakening of the Demon King.

	In addition, the zombies were people who were once a part of this village.

	It was poor taste. Even if they needed corpses to reanimate, did they have to specifically choose the dead villagers and cause so much chaos to the same village?

	“They have continued to indiscriminately attack traders and travelers who pass by. As a result, almost no one stops by here anymore. Also… No one in the village smiles anymore. Not knowing when the zombies will attack next has replaced happiness with fear.

	“I wonder how these zombies are made to move…”

	“I’m not sure about that.”

	Neah-san shook her head in response to Ark-san’s pondering.

	But after pausing for a few moments, she said ‘However… ’ and looked at a specific spot outside the window.

	“I know that the person controlling these zombies lives in a fancy-looking house not too far from here.”

	The place she was looking at was shrouded in darkness. I suspect that the house was beyond that.

	“But there are zombies roaming around that house day and night. Moreover, we can’t… Defeat him.”

	“Him?”

	The person controlling these zombies was a male?

	Neah-san looked at the three of us for a moment and gathered her resolve to say,

	“Necromancer. The ruler of the dead… The monster that controls corpses and lives in that house.”

	Necromancer.

	Also known as a specialist in undead magic, it’s the monster closest to a human being. They are resurrected from the dead and had the ability to manipulate other undead— As long as they had corpses around them to control, they were a dangerous monster.

	There were a lot of characteristics describing Necromancers, one of them is their large amount of magic power to control the undead at will.

	Ark-san sighed for the nth time today as he finished summarizing the explanation in his own head and spoke,

	“If you have a Necromancer here, then it’s obvious that the villagers would be having a hard time. The Necromancer could easily command all those loitering zombies to attack us if we were to charge in, it’s a very annoying and troublesome opponent.”

	“Ark-san, just about how strong is a Necromancer by itself?”

	“If you were to face its real body, it’s not very strong. But the strong point of Necromancers is their ability to command hordes. These zombies, so to speak, will be under its control until their very limits— With the exception of someone who has excellent physical ability like you, Usato-dono, it’s a difficult enemy for most. Even for someone like me that uses fire magic, I don’t have an infinite source of magic power. If the fight is drawn-out, we would certainly be at a disadvantage.”

	……To put it simply, the Necromancer would be the king in Shogi, and the zombies that won’t go down would be the pawns.

	What an annoying opponent. We didn’t know how many zombies there are either.

	If it were just some bandits, I would be more enthusiastic. But I didn’t think that I would be up against a dangerous entity like a Necromancer. The main point was our limited amount of time in a fight against the zombies. If we defeated zombies little by little to reach the Necromancer, we wouldn’t last for very long. It was probably impossible to settle it immediately too.

	“Umm…”

	“Hmm?”

	Neah-san spoke, breaking the silence.

	“It’s fine…”

	“Fine?”

	“We’re fine. I’ve been saved by you already, despite that, I’m shamelessly asking for you to save me again… That’s why… It’s fine already.”

	Seeing the sorrow on her face and how she spoke in broken sentences, I realized that my cheeks had become tense.

	T-there’s no way I could neglect this… If you show me a face full of despair, wouldn’t I be crushed by the guilt and immediately answer ‘Yes, of course I’ll help.’?

	Just as I looked toward Ark-san, he spoke, answering the question I was about to ask.

	“I will leave the decision to you. I will abide by your choice.”

	You’re leaving it up to me…

	I guess it was to be expected since Ark-san was accompanying me as a guard but this was difficult.

	“Do we have any chance of succeeding?”

	“More or less. But it’ll be essential for you and Amako-dono to play an active part…”

	Amako and me?

	I didn’t know what was up with this strange pairing but perhaps there was some sort of plan to raise our chances of success.

	But before that, I had to confirm what Amako wanted to do…

	“Amako, what do you think is the best thing to do?”

	“…I’ll follow along with what you decide, Usato. But personally, I want to save them.”

	Despite saying you would follow along with what I’ll decide, you smoothly added that you want to save them… You are just…

	While the two of them looked expectantly at me from both sides, I sighed.

	In front of me, Neah-san was looking at me with uneasy eyes. It was impossible to choose the option of abandoning her. In fact, it felt like I would regret this decision for the rest of my life when I look at her like this.

	“Neah-san, are physical attacks effective against that Necromancer?”

	“Eh!? I-it does have a real body, so it should be effective… I think.”

	My sole concern disappeared.

	I made eye contact with Neah-san. I raised my hand towards my chest and grasped tightly.

	“It’ll be settled if I just knock him out. I should quickly beat up this Necromancer that’s causing a nuisance to everyone in the village so that it can be peaceful again.”

	It made me feel sick to think that there was someone who would control the dead villagers to cause trouble for the same village.

	Neah-san held her hand against her mouth once she heard my words. The village’s situation must be really bad. I was looking at her in concern because she was deeply moved, to the point that her body was trembling.

	“Thank you, very much… I was, always anxious… Afraid…”

	“Ah, don’t cry, don’t cry.”

	It’s fine if you are delighted but please spare me from the tears.

	Neah-san held both of her hands against her face to conceal her tears. Then, an unexpected voice greeted us.

	“I’ve heard everything.”

	“…! Tetra-san.”

	Tetra-san wiped her hands as she entered the room.

	Neah-san, whose eyes were now a little red, looked astonished at Tetra-san who sat next to her.

	“It looks like you’ve talked quite a bit during the time I wasn’t present. But I have a good grasp of the contents. Thank you. Whether it is this child or the strangers in this village you would save… However, we just can’t leave everything to your group.”

	“In other words?”

	I thought it would just be me and Ark-san, along with Amako and Bluerin for support. But it looks like Tetra-san won’t just make us do everything.

	As I asked, Tetra-san lifted her head and gave a gentle smile.

	“I’ll talk with the village chief tomorrow. Maybe get some young men to accompany your group and take down the monster dwelling in that dark mansion… It’s probably better to have more people, right?”

	“Yes. It would actually be better to have more numbers for this plan to succeed.”

	Ark-san replied.

	Nevertheless… Zombies and a Necromancer, huh. For an event that we happen to come across in a village, it was a fairly ‘dangerous’ one.


◊ ◊ ◊

	Afterwards, we all went into our respective rooms to rest.

	It’s been a while since I’ve slept on a soft bed so a lot of the fatigue I’ve accumulated is now gone. With Amako’s identity as a Beastkin, it was difficult to find a safe place to rest. It might have been the correct choice to receive Neah-san and Tetra-san’s kindness.

	I continued with my training, feeling grateful for the two of them.

	“Fuh…… Fuh…… Fuh.”

	As I’m up against a Necromancer, I should do whatever I can and make the proper preparations.

	For the time being, it’s muscle training.

	Diligently forging my muscles like this, only training won’t betray me.

	To achieve the results I desired, I continued to train my own body.

	“Wait, aren’t I immersing myself a little too much into training…?”

	Well, there was no point in questioning it now.

	Without taking any breaks, I did sit-ups, then healed myself for about 30 minutes.

	My body felt warmed up now, so I carefully descended from the tree.

	“Yeah… It’s gotten a lot brighter now.”

	Before I noticed it, my surroundings were much brighter and I could observe the village in greater detail.

	“From the appearance alone, it looks like a peaceful village, but…”

	If I didn’t know anything, I would think it’s just an ordinary village.

	But someone was disturbing the peace and putting this village in danger.

	……This wasn’t good. I shouldn’t think too much about this or more violent emotions might overcome me.

	“Anyways, I guess I should start again.”

	After taking a deep breath, I jumped and grabbed the large branch again. I was going to do chin ups with one arm this time— Or that was my intention, but I noticed someone’s silhouette behind the door and dropped back to the ground again.

	Who would be up this early? I tilted my head to the side and faced the door. It looked like the other party realized that I had noticed them and opened the door with reservation.

	“Neah-san?”

	“I’m sorry…”

	The person who appeared was Neah-san.

	Why was she up at this time…?

	“Ah, sorry. Did I wake you up?”

	“Eh, ah, that’s not it! I always wake up at this time, so I noticed that you weren’t in your room, Usato-san… Because of that…”

	“Hahaha, calm down. I understand.”

	So that’s why she realized.

	From her personality, she was probably hesitating and didn’t know when it would be a good time to step out from the door to greet me.

	She took slow breaths and calmed down. Then she looked at me with eyes full of curiosity.

	“Do you always train?”

	“Yup.”

	“Umm, I’m sorry if I’m wrong but… Usato-san, you operate your healing magic as you move your body, right?”

	“Hmm, that’s a little off.”

	When I first started, that was certainly the case. But recently, it’s been different.

	It was right after the battle against the Demon King’s army that I wanted to change how I used healing magic.

	“It’s a good thing that healing magic can heal my fatigue which causes me to not feel tired but… There’s a big problem with using my healing magic all the time. It’s just not efficient. Furthermore, it’s not effective to train like that.”

	“In that case, how do you train…?”

	How I would normally train is… I would push my body to its very limits and use healing magic. Then continue to endlessly repeat this process.

	A continuous cycle of destruction and restoration. Something like that? That sounds a little too cool though.

	“I push myself to my very limits and use healing magic. Then I push my healing magic itself to its very limit, until I can no longer use it. I repeat this over and over.”

	“I didn’t think you could use healing magic like that… No wonder you’re superhuman…”

	“Hmm?”

	Hearing her uneasy voice, I asked if something was wrong. But she just waved her hands in panic and told me it was nothing.

	I felt like I heard a voice from her I shouldn’t have. Don’t tell me… that was bloodlust? She looked like a quiet and obedient girl but maybe her real personality was harsher?… I shouldn’t think about it too much.

	I made sure to not show the disturbance I felt in my gut, and pretended to be calm.

	“That reminds me, what country are you from, Usato-san?”

	“Eh? What country I’m from?”

	I’m from another world… No way I could say that.

	Unlike Kiriha and the others who I trusted to a certain extent from our time together, it was probably a better idea not to involve a girl I had only met yesterday and tell her I was from another world.

	“The Kingdom of Lyngle.”

	“It’s quite a distance away from here… But why are you traveling? Since you are going past this village, I understand that the place you’re heading to is Samariel but… You don’t look like traders…”

	“Yeah.”

	Just how much could I tell her…?

	It probably isn’t necessary to tell her about Amako’s foresight and how I’m on a journey to save her mother. It’s enough for me to talk about how I’m a journey to deliver these letters to inform about the danger of the Demon King’s army.

	I gave a simple explanation to her about the fight with the Demon King’s army, the letters, and my time in Luquis.

	Of course, I omitted some parts.

	“It seems like a difficult journey…”

	“That’s right. Even so, we have to do it. At any rate, the entire continent might be at risk due to the Demon King if nothing is done.”

	“The Demon King, an existence that was defeated by a hero long before I was born…”

	Before she was born… It was several hundred years ago, so obviously she wasn’t born yet.

	However, I really wonder what the previous hero, before Senpai and Kazuki, was like. I didn’t know anything except for the fact that they’re a legendary person who took down the Demon King. I wonder just how strong they are.

	In the present, they were like someone from a fairy-tale so there was probably no real way of knowing.

	“In addition, thinking that the Demons will come and attack in large numbers… It’s frightening.”

	“The Demonkin aren’t as scary as you imagine them to be, you know? At the very least, the Demon we’re looking after is a sore loser and useless.”

	Which reminds me, I wonder how she’ll react when she meets Nack.

	She might abuse her senpai status and tease him… Nack was Nack, he had an oddly serious personality. He might overwork himself. I could also imagine him crumbling under Rose’s intimidation.

	I wryly smiled as I dwelled on these thoughts.

	“It’s not a Beastkin like Amako, it’s another acquaintance of yours? It might be rude of me to say this but I really think that’s unusual.”

	“I’m aware of it. Leader, or the person who taught me, had already told me at that time that I’m a peculiar person.”

	It’s a little sad for me to say it myself.

	What do you mean, peculiar person…

	“But I’m envious.”

	“…Envious?”

	It seemed she secretly felt down on the inside, as she looked troubled, and her gaze wandered off into the distance.

	Hm? The weather looked like it might change. The clouds were covering the sky.

	“From the time I was born, I lived here all my life. It’s gotten to a point where I’m tired of seeing the same scenery. I even remember all the faces of the few villagers that live here. That’s why I can only learn about new things from people I don’t know. I have a thirst for knowledge and want to satisfy my curiosity…”

	“Tetra-san didn’t teach you anything?”

	That person looked like she had plenty of life experience.

	She lost her smile when she heard my careless words. Her eyes were no longer bright as she looked at me and she spoke without any expression,

	“……Since I became old enough to understand what was happening around me, Tetra-san, who had picked me up, had taught me countless, valuable things. However, there’s a limit. The thing known as knowledge is continuously flowing throughout the world… Since you’re bearing an important mission, you’re allowed to freely visit other worlds. That’s why, I’m… envious of you.”

	“………”

	H-heavy.

	After Nack, this time it was Neah-san. I’m not a counselor so why do I keep getting acquainted with people that have problems?

	I mean, she was born without knowing who her parents are and she was actually envious of me.

	Is this how the youngsters felt in the rural areas? Just what do you want me to do? Healing magic won’t heal the pain in your heart, you know?

	“Ah…… Eh, I’m sorry for saying something weird! You didn’t do anything wrong, Usato-san…”

	“No, I was too insensitive. Sorry.”

	It seemed like she had come to her senses as her face went pale and she bowed her head to apologize.

	This was really unpleasant… This was all that Necromancer’s fault. It was possible that he and the zombies he was controlling was the cause for the mysterious disappearances.

	“…Well then, I’m going to continue training.”

	“Y-yes.”

	It seemed like she needs to prepare breakfast since she bowed again and quickly retreated back into the house.

	“Knowledge, huh.”

	Because of her, those words slipped from my mouth.

	There certainly wasn’t a good place to study properly in this village. She could probably only gather information about the world outside from the gossip of traders and travelers.

	She couldn’t just easily say, ‘can I go outside?’ either.

	She was a girl that wasn’t too far apart from me in age. It was too much to ask for an ordinary girl like this to travel. She could encounter bandits and monsters along the way.

	“For the time being, I should focus on the problem of the Necromancer.”

	As I murmured to myself, I grabbed the large branch once more and resumed my training.


◊ ◊ ◊

	During lunch time, Ark-san and I were invited by Tetra-san to head over and talk with the village chief.

	I didn’t want to make Amako wear her hood every time we go out so she was staying at the house with Neah-san. The talk began with 5 people—me, Ark-san, Tetra-san, the village chief, and a young man.

	It seemed like Tetra-san had already mentioned that we had intended to defeat the Necromancer since the village chief didn’t explain anything, but—

	“…We are all very grateful for your intentions but… Honestly, it’s very difficult for me to agree to fight that monster.”

	The Chief stroked his grand beard and spoke harshly.

	“Why is that the case?”

	“We don’t want to carelessly invoke the Necromancer’s anger. It’s possible for this village to be destroyed. But more importantly, we don’t know how strong all of you are.”

	In other words, they didn’t want to make the situation any worse.

	What should we do, Ark-san? I glanced at Ark-san who was beside me. It seemed like he had expected this response from the Chief and started to speak in a gentle tone.

	“We have someone capable of using fire magic in our group, which is something the zombies are weak to. In addition, Usato-dono, the person beside me, can single-handedly crush a group of zombies underfoot. In terms of fighting strength, you can think of him as a very dexterous magician.”

	“Those zombies…!?”

	“This young man can single-handedly defeat those zombies…”

	Ark-san… I don’t think it’s a good idea to use a term like ‘crush underfoot’. It’s very easy to misunderstand.

	Look, the Chief and the person behind him were both gazing at me with their eyes wide open…

	“Tetra-san, is it really true?”

	“I didn’t see it myself but, it seemed like that’s what really happened according to Neah.”

	“…I can’t imagine that child lying…”

	The Chief was puzzled when he heard Tetra-san’s words and folded his arms.

	“Hmmm, you two… How do you plan to defeat the Necromancer?”

	“Using diversion tactics.”

	“Diversion, tactics?”

	“Yes, we’ll act as bait for the zombies. During that time, Usato-dono will slip through the wall of zombies alone. Without being aware of his existence, he will infiltrate the mansion. It will depend on if he can find the Necromancer but once he does, he’ll defeat him… The plan is something like that.”

	It was an unexpectedly simple plan.

	It was easy to understand what to do.

	“Will you really be able to easily enter that mansion like that…?”

	“There’s no problem with that part. Within our group, we also have someone who excels in detection magic.”

	So this is where Amako’s magic will play a role…

	If we used her foresight, we could easily find a hole and slip past their detection. We’ll be able to know the movements of the zombies inside the mansion as well.

	Then I’ll appear right behind the Necromancer and give a ‘bang!’ with my punch and immediately settle everything.

	“What do you think? I think it’s a plan with a good chance of success…?”

	“……”

	After Ark-san spoke, the Chief didn’t say anything. After 30 or so seconds passed, he opened his mouth to break the silence.

	“We are powerless… Even if we can defeat the zombies, nothing will change as long as we don’t defeat the Necromancer. The Necromancer might just retaliate against us, causing a great number of people to be injured…”

	“…Retaliate…”

	“Besides that, some of those zombies… They were our family and friends. It’s painful for us to face them… But above all this, what I fear the most is that once I pass away, I’ll be revived as a monster that will attack my grandchildren, son, wife, and friends that I’ve tried to protect.”

	“Chief…”

	The person behind the Chief showed a sorrowful expression once he heard the Chief’s depressing words.

	To be unable to comprehend after your death that your own body is attacking the people you once knew… It was a scary thought. It was likely that this person had seen the zombie of someone he once knew… And had to take care of it with his own hands.

	“I’ve already had enough. I can’t let that monster do whatever it wants… The deceased should rest in peace. Usato-dono, Ark-dono, let me personally request this. Please let us cooperate.”

	“I warmly welcome it. However, if it’s dangerous, please withdraw.”

	The Chief put his hands on the table and gave a deep bow.

	That’s true… Seeing people you once knew being manipulated like puppets and having to fight against them was very demoralizing. As expected, the Necromancer’s power was in really poor taste.

	Anyhow, we obtained the cooperation of the villagers. There was one more thing that was on my mind.

	“Ark-san, when will I infiltrate the mansion?”

	“Not yet. The zombies are more active in the day time so it would be best to start the plan at night. Also, it should be easier for you to sneak in when it’s dark.”

	Looks like I’ll be going at night, huh. Even if it was unlikely for me to be spotted by the zombies, there was no guarantee.

	Moreover, a western-style mansion like that is usually affiliated with the horror genre. The fact that I know a Necromancer is dwelling within that mansion… Spooky things really are scary.

	“In that case, we’ll be attacking tonight?”

	“Yes.”

	Once the Chief saw Ark-san nod, he turned to address the person behind him.

	“Gather all the young men in the village. Tell them that we’ll subjugate that vile Necromancer tonight. But don’t pressure them. Only get the ones who have the resolve to fight. Naturally, you’re no exception. Don’t force yourself.”

	“Yes, but Chief, you…”

	“I don’t have much longer, I will be accompanying them and overseeing the battle.”

	“…………… I understand. I will inform them.”

	The villager nodded at the Chief’s words. He then gave a bow before running out.

	With this, we would have help from the villagers. I just had to make preparations until night time…

	I turned towards the window and looked outside. I couldn’t see it—the forest blocked my view—but beyond the treeline was the mansion where the monster manipulating the dead dwelled. We would be blocked by zombies, all of which possess a tremendous amount of physical strength and endurance.

	“Just you wait, Necromancer.”

	I’ll leave the zombies to Ark-san and the villagers. Amako and I— Will use a cowardly and unfair method to reach the person controlling the dead and beat him up.

	Although I could feel fighting spirit welling up within me, I feigned calm and raked my fingers through my bangs.

	“…What a look on his face… It looks reliable…”

	“He really has become similar to Rose. As expected of Usato-dono.”

	The Chief and Ark-san voiced their thoughts, seeing something in my expression. The Chief sounded afraid while Ark-san was enthusiastic.

	What do you mean… Reliable look… Similar to Rose?

	There’s no way I could make such a dreadful face…… Probably.





Chapters 69

	The light from daytime had disappeared and night had fallen. We were completely enshrouded by the darkness inside the forest.

	The moon had concealed itself behind the clouds, with no visible light shining from it. Normally, I would feel a sense of melancholy from the fact that this unique source of light was being covered but… It was different tonight. This was an ideal scenario for us if we were planning to subjugate the Necromancer.

	I, Amako, and Ark-san were near the entrance of the forest waiting for the other villagers. Once they arrived, I was honestly surprised.

	“I didn’t think so many of them would come.”

	About 30 men were behind the village head, carrying farming tools or worn-out swords. All of them looked somewhat nervous as well.

	“This is just proof that everyone thinks that this situation can’t go on. But… we just didn’t have the courage to stand up. The fact that we can display our resolve is thanks to your group.”

	The village head sounded embarrassed, but his words were stiff.

	I’ve obtained the cooperation of the villagers but if I were to fail to take down the Necromancer… It’s these villagers who would suffer under the Necromancer’s wrath.

	In that scenario… Although it would be painful for my heart to do so, I would have no choice but to destroy and break all the limbs of every zombie, rendering them immobile. Ark-san’s magic was limited so I had no choice but to take the initiative.

	In addition—

	“I’m a bit late to say this but recovery magic is one of my strong points. Once this is all over, please send any injured people to me. I’ll be able to heal them right away.”

	“Usato-dono… Thank you for your consideration.”

	I couldn’t tell them I was a healing magician just before the battle, as it may cause them unnecessary concern. Instead, I decided to tell them that I was good at recovery magic.

	The village head felt a sense of security, knowing that the wounded would receive proper treatment. After I finished speaking, Ark-san took over and began talking with the villagers.

	He was probably explaining tonight’s plan to them. As a knight, he really had the expertise when it came to working in large groups like these. He was really reliable.

	Amako, whose head was completely covered, made her way towards me and asked a question,

	“Usato, are you taking Bluerin along?”

	“When we told the villagers about Bluerin, they were afraid. I feel bad for him but he’ll be staying in the house. Leaving that aside, how’s your magic performing? I’ll be depending on you tonight.”

	“It’s perfectly fine. Also, I can see well in the dark. You can rely on me for that too.”

	“Hahaha, how reliable.”

	Although I was used to the dark due to my time in Dark Lyngle, I wouldn’t be able to move well in complete darkness. In that case, a Beastkin like Amako will really help.

	“It’s our first time fighting together but I have a feeling that it’ll go well.”

	“……That’s true. One way or another, this is the first time.”

	What the, was she nervous?

	Usually, she would go ‘What’s the matter, Usato? You’re being so honest to the point that it’s disgusting.’ or something like that. But she responded with empathy instead. My mouth stopped moving for a moment and I felt embarrassed.

	…Maybe I should try to make a joke here to dispel this tension.

	“Well, from what I’ve heard, the Necromancer shouldn’t give us that much trouble but… If the situation is different than what we expected and we are in a pinch…”

	“What would you do?”

	“I’ll carry you on my back.”

	“Haah?”

	This was the first time… That I heard such a chilly voice coming from you.

	I wiggled my finger and told her to not misunderstand. Then I began to thoroughly explain to her the ‘Ultimate Tactic’ that I thought of.

	“You’ll use your magic as I move and attack. It’s simple but I also think it’s an invincible combination.”

	“……”

	“You’ll be able to focus on using your magic. If you can’t see that far ahead with your magic when you’re moving, then you can just get on my back and I’ll move. You just have to tell me about the enemy’s movements and instruct me what to do.”

	“……”

	“With my reflexes and your foresight, we’ll be able to read the opponent and then I’ll deliver a strong blow to finish them. In other words, we’ll be the strongest as long as we team up.”

	“……”

	“……Sorry.”

	I was frightened of Amako who was looking at me with those expressionless eyes behind her hood.

	Actually, I couldn’t really see her face… Which is why her eyes stood out even more. She just silently turned her head.

	……Or rather, I’m really curious as to how her ears move under that hood.

	“Usato-san!”

	“Hmm?”

	Someone suddenly called me.

	When I turned to see who it was, I could see Neah-san running towards me… I could see a bit since the villagers were carrying torches, but it was still quite hard to see.

	She ran recklessly to reach me. She was trying to catch her breath and when she looked at me—

	“Ueeh!?”



	—I was suddenly hugged.

	I would have never expected that I would be embraced like this all of a sudden. As I was bewildered and trying my best to collect myself, I looked at my surroundings for help.

	However, Ark-san and the villagers didn’t do anything… Actually, the 30 to 40 year-old-looking men were wryly smiling at me. The men that were around 20 years old looked at me with jealousy.

	Meanwhile, Amako raised her eyebrows and looked at me speechlessly.

	“……”

	This isn’t supposed to be my role……

	This is something Kazuki or Senpai should be doing. The situation had exceeded my understanding, I couldn’t even feel anything. Rather, why did she suddenly hug me?

	It’s impossible that she fell in love with me, with something like the suspension bridge effect. With the current state of the village, I doubt she has time for such a feeling. Moreover, it’s only been a day since we’ve met. It’s hard to imagine that she harbors a deep affection towards me when such a short amount of time has passed.

	Even if it was love at first sight, that was just a momentary delusion. As I was someone who had to go on a journey, I couldn’t reciprocate those feelings.

	For the time being, I held her shoulders and loosened her hands that were on my back.

	Although I felt a little reluctant, I didn’t show it.

	“You don’t need to worry, I’ll be fine.”

	“………Eh?”

	What’s with that reaction?

	Her eyes were wide open in bafflement, but I continued with my words.

	“I’ll beat up that Necromancer that’s making everyone in the village suffer. I’ll save this village, the villagers, and corpses that the Necromancer is controlling. So you don’t need to worry about anything and can just wait here.”

	“……………… Thank you very much…………… I’m really grateful that you would lend us your strength to this extent……”

	For some reason, Neah-san was shaken by my words and bowed her head repeatedly. As a result, she retreated, placing some distance between us.

	……I feel like if Senpai knew about the hug just now, something outrageous would happen. On the other hand, it feels a little regrettable for it to end just like that.

	In reality, I’ve experienced being punched and beaten up by a female. But I’ve never had such a gentle interaction with a girl such as a hug.

	If I think about this anymore, I might start crying from remembering the abuse I received from Rose.

	I headed over to where Ark-san was and urged him to move on.

	“Ark-san. Let’s depart soon.”

	“…Let see. Is everyone done with their preparations?”

	In response to Ark-san, the villagers shouted vigorously.

	Their morale was sufficient. In that case— All that was left was to take down that detestable Necromancer.


◊ ◊ ◊

	Along the way, we didn’t meet any zombies… It was ominous.

	Were they condensed inside the mansion? Or perhaps they were scattered around randomly. I didn’t know.

	In any case, we were able to reach the mansion without anyone getting hurt. The western-style mansion had an uncanny atmosphere, along with zombies sporadically surrounding it.

	The zombies were probably spread out in such a way that they could see everything in the circumference of the mansion.

	Ark-san, who carried a torch at the head of the group, had halted. Then he turned to face me and Amako.

	“Let’s separate here. We’ll draw the zombies from the front while the two of you will try to infiltrate the mansion.”

	“I understand. Well, let’s go Amako.”

	“Yeah.”

	“Be careful, Usato-dono.”

	“Everyone in the village, please don’t overdo it.”

	As the villagers sent us off, Amako and I walked on another path. The leaves on the bushes and trees were much thicker here, making it even darker than the previous path.

	It really was dark…

	“Amako, lead the way.”

	“Yeah…… Don’t lose sight of me, okay?”

	“I got it.”

	As I kept my eye on Amako in front of me, I remained cautious. I would be able to react immediately if we encountered any zombies.

	“Usato, stop.”

	My feet stopped in place once I heard Amako’s hushed voice and bent over.

	After a few seconds, a nearby bush rustled and I could hear a groan from a zombie.

	……If it wasn’t for Amako, I would’ve been spotted for sure.

	Seeing the future was really great.

	“Uwoooooh!!”

	I could hear loud shouts from men behind me.

	I could see that the villagers and Ark-san near the mansion. They had torches and were shouting to inspire themselves.

	Once the zombie near us heard those shouts, it started making its way to where Ark-san was.

	“…Looks like Ark-san and the others have started.”

	“We’ll quickly advance through this gap they made.”

	The plan was going well so far.

	Amako and I had to do our best too.

	I braced myself and we started to move again. We circled around to the back of the mansion. After making sure there weren’t any zombies around, we got closer to the window.

	Without making a sound, I placed my hands on the window to open it. There was no resistance at all.

	“……It looks like it isn’t locked.”

	We were up against a monster but this was really careless.

	There’s a possibility that this is a trap, but we didn’t have the option to pull back. As long as we can enter and settle everything, it’ll be our victory.

	I stepped into the mansion with Amako.

	The room we entered was strangely tidy. That made it all the more eerie.

	“……It feels like something might just pop up.”

	I could hear a zombie close by, outside of the room. I held my breath and got closer to the door. I made eye contact with Amako and waited for her instructions.

	“It’s not directly on the other side. There’s a hallway. A really wide one. If you walk down it and turn a corner… I found it.”

	A wide hallway, a bit further around the corner…

	I honestly wanted to avoid it but it might just make things more difficult later on.

	“Alright, I’ll quickly disable it and we’ll continue to advance.”

	I walked up to the window and tore off the curtains. I wore it over my shoulders and placed my hand on the doorknob.

	……Even if they’re zombies, it really, really pains my heart to do this but I have no choice.

	“Amako, tell me when it’s coming.”

	“…Leave it to me.”

	We both nodded in understanding. Once Amako instructs me, I will move.

	Since I knew the other party was a zombie, there was no need to hesitate. I waited for Amako’s signal to ambush.

	“Usato, now.”

	At the same time Amako signaled me, I turned the doorknob. Once the zombie entered my line of sight, I struck its shoulders without holding back.

	In addition, I swung my leg in a sweep and smashed apart both of its knees.

	Lastly, I used the curtain I tore to gag it and cover its head. With this, it was completely powerless.

	The zombie squirmed but its mouth was shut tight and its broken limbs were scattered below me.

	“……Backing away.”

	Amako said this with a pale face, upon seeing what I had done in just an instant.

	All I did was cover its eyes, kick its knees, and pin it down…

	……Since I could do it, it can’t be helped, right?

	“I didn’t see it at all. The zombie’s arms suddenly flew off and it was already on the ground in the next moment. I thought that you finally couldn’t suppress your desire to take down these zombies anymore, Usato…”

	“Just what kind of super creature do you think I am……? Hahaha, you’re just saying that from your imagination, right? Hahaha.”

	‘Uheeh’ Amako’s mouth distorted into a frown and voiced her displeasure when she saw the zombie trying to get up.

	Any living human who discarded their compassion and didn’t show any mercy could probably do this much. Halfa-san could probably do the same. While that may be true, the times when I’ll punch for real is… Probably… never.

	I tossed the zombie that was tied up into the room nearby and resumed our search.

	Aah, seriously…… I dislike fighting.


◊ ◊ ◊

	The inside of the mansion was much more spacious than I had imagined, and it was a little anticlimactic as there weren’t that many zombies.

	We haven’t encountered any zombies since the first one.

	But I could see that the building had been cleaned and maintained. It definitely looked like someone was living here.

	“Did the person living here like to collect antiques?”

	Along the hallway we were in were beautiful sets of armor. When I knocked on one with my fist, I was astonished.

	If these were all the same type of armor, it wouldn’t sound like this. There were sets of armor lined up in this hallway with different designs. The weapons were also not the same… There were swords, Morningstars, also—

	“What’s this…? A halberd? A normal person wouldn’t be able to use a weapon this big.”

	It was taller than me and looked like an axe and a spear.

	The armor that wielded this halberd was over 2 meters in height.

	Whether it were the armors, weapons, or designs, there was nothing in common between them. It was like a museum… As my thoughts got side tracked, Amako suddenly spoke as she looked at a set of armor.

	“I don’t think they’re that old. I’ve seen various sets of armor when I was traveling.”

	Meaning, they weren’t an antique collector. They were just collecting these new pieces here for some reason.

	It was probably just the hobby of the owner of this mansion… Or—

	“What Ark-san mentioned before… It could be related to that rumor…”

	Although nothing has happened in these past few years, there was a strange incident where people went missing.

	There were rumors of strong individuals suddenly disappearing… Seeing this strange scene, it could be related. It might’ve been the Necromancer who was behind it all.

	But in that case, there was one thing that didn’t make sense.

	“Why did Neah-san and the villagers not tell us…?”

	Of course, that was assuming that the villagers were aware of the rumors.

	The disappearances happened near this village several years ago but… Wouldn’t some of the villagers think that the Necromancer did it? Despite that, I haven’t heard anyone mention it.

	……I hope I’m just overthinking things.

	“Wait.”

	“……What’s wrong?”

	“There’s a room with light ahead of us…”

	As we were walking down the hallway, Amako abruptly stopped and said this.

	A room with light… Was it finally time to confront the Necromancer? I proceeded with caution and saw an opening where light was shining through.

	“Is the Necromancer inside?”

	“……Not there.”

	Amako responded in surprise.

	Were we expected? I decided to open the door just to confirm what Amako had said.

	The first thing I saw was the small light being emitted from a magic tool—

	“Wha……!?”

	There was an entire library inside with books everywhere and shelves that reached all the way to the ceiling.

	For a personal collection, there were just far too many books. Although I was shaken, I made my way towards the magic tool and picked up one of the books.

	It was a light-brown and tattered book. Once I flipped it around, I found the title.

	“Re… cord of The Key Hero.”

	I couldn’t read the author’s name due to the book’s poor condition but it looks like a book about a hero.

	It wasn’t about Senpai and Kazuki, it was probably about the previous hero. Since I was curious, I opened the book.

	I did my best to not treat the book roughly and cautiously turned the pages. But it looked like all the pages were worn-out and unreadable…

	“Looks like I can’t read it… But I guess it’s to be expected. You normally can’t read a book this old when it’s written with ink.”

	Thinking that, I was about to close the book… But something caught my interest and I stopped.

	In the center of one page, there was one sentence written while the rest of the page was empty.

	———He hated people, yet he hath loved us.

	‘He’ was referring to the hero, right? In that case, a hero hating people, maybe it’s referring to someone else… Maybe he loved the same race? I don’t get it at all. In the first place, I didn’t know if what’s written here was even true.

	But I am curious about it so I’ll take it along.

	I felt a slight sting as what I was doing was no different from stealing, but I proceeded to place the book inside the breast pocket of my coat. Even though the other party was a Necromancer, I still felt guilty…

	I nonchalantly picked up another book and scanned over it.

	However—

	“Huh? I can’t read it… How strange.”

	It was different from the previous book, there was nothing binding it and keeping the pages together… It was an extremely suspicious black book.

	In the first place, a language comprehension magic was cast on us when we were first summoned into this world. I’ve been able to read everything up till now but I couldn’t read the characters on this book.

	As an experiment, I tried taking a look at the other books.

	I could read them normally.

	In that case, it was just this book that was odd.

	“Amako, can you read this?”

	“Hm? What’s this?”

	I handed the book over to Amako, who closed her eyes and concentrated on the book with her magic.

	Her eyes slightly opened after only a few seconds but in the next moment, her eyes were wide open. She looked at me in complete disbelief. Was she able to discover something strange? It was apparent that her reaction wasn’t normal. Amako then opened her mouth and, trembling, spoke,

	“Unbelievable… Usato, this… Is a Book of Magic Arts.”

	“……Magic Arts? You’re able to read it?”

	It’s a term I haven’t heard before in this world.

	“I can’t read it. But the fact that I can’t read it is why I know it’s a Book of Magic Arts.”

	“Amako, what’s this uh… Book of Magic Arts?”

	“I’ve seen it before back at home but… It’s similar… Usato, not being able to read this is ‘correct’ and how it should be.”

	Not being able to read it was correct?

	What did that mean? Did that mean not just anyone can read and understand it?

	“Usato, this is bad. The Necromancer might be a monster that is able to use this book.”

	“……Is that bad news?”

	“It’s not on the level of just bad news…”

	I understood just from how flustered she was acting.

	“Magic Arts, you see… Are something that an ordinary person would have to spend their entire life practicing… If they’re lucky, they might be able to use one portion of what’s in the book. That’s how difficult it is. But phrasing it in another way, it’s a ‘technique’ that may not reward you even after spending a great amount of time and effort.”

	……Spending your entire life just to be able to use it was far too strict.

	Who would make something like this? At the very least, they weren’t human.

	“You can think of Magic Arts as something similar to Reinforcement, but in this day and age… There isn’t anyone using it anymore. After all, why spend so much time trying to remember something when there’s a way of using magic that’s several times more worthwhile.”

	“Well, that’s true.”

	It might’ve been my first time hearing about Magic Arts but even I understood that part immediately.

	Magic Arts was a technique that had far too many cons for humans to use. Dedicating your whole life to learning it was a difficult hurdle to overcome.

	However, the enemy we were facing wasn’t a human.

	“What’s the lifespan of a Necromancer?”

	“If I remember, several times that of humans.”

	……Of course.

	Even worse, we didn’t know what kind of Magic Arts this book held. It was possible that there might be more books like this inside the library.

	I didn’t know how strong Magic Arts were but it was definitely something I couldn’t underestimate.

	“Let’s hurry and find it. I have a bad feeling about this.”

	“Yeah……”

