As one could guess by their name, the venom monkeys were poisonous. Though generally mild-mannered, they ate the fruits of poisonous trees to fend off their natural predators. When they consumed this fruit, their nails and fangs were filled with a potent venom that paralyzed their predators. This poison turned their fur green, which proved to be a powerful camouflage as well.

Just then, a young venom monkey strayed from the group and jumped in front of me and Inukami. I decided it was best to stand guard.

“That monkey’s poisonous so you shouldn’t touch it, senpai,” I warned.

“Come here, li’l fella! Don’t be afraiiid,” she said to the monkey.

“Yo! Are you even listening to me?” I yelled.

There’s just no helping her, is there?

I yelled at her gruffly because senpai was carelessly reaching out to the little monkey. She was honestly starting to give me a headache. The first thing I did was grab her arms, so she’d stop acting so crazy.

“You’re gonna get hurt! That thing’s poisonous!” I said.

“If it drowns me in poison, I must be fated to die at this cutie’s poisonous hands!” she exclaimed.

She was trying to be cool, but it backfired.

“When will you stop saying such ridiculous things,” I lamented.

I was at a loss. She was still a girl—at least by definition—so it wouldn’t be right to grab her too hard. The little monkey stared quizzically at her outstretched hand, which only made Inukami smile smugly at what she interpreted as a friendly reaction. At least until . . .

“HOO!” the monkey screamed. It sunk its teeth into Inukami’s pointer finger, but she didn’t fret. Instead, she smiled stiffly as the monkey stayed glued to her finger.

“Come here, li’l fella. Don’t be afraid,” she said, this time a little more brusquely.

The monkey screamed once again.

After that, it ran away. Or maybe it would be more accurate to say that it returned to its group. I stood behind Inukami, watching as she sadly slumped over. I put my hand on her shoulder to heal the poison that had entered her body.

I tried to warn you, senpai.

“No reason to get all depressed, Inukami-senpai,” I said.

But she didn’t respond. I finished healing her and started walking away, but Inukami still wouldn’t pick up her head. She seemed to be reeling from what had just happened.

Honestly, this is kind of annoying. I’m gonna ignore her.

Inukami started sulking. She wasn’t pleased that I had stopped talking to her.

“Aren’t you gonna comfort me?” she asked.

“I already did,” I answered.

After a moment of silence, she said, “You’re a meanie, Usato-kun.”

Um, how am I the mean one in this situation?!

“I wish you would listen to me, senpai. What are you, an impulsive child or something?” I asked.

“Yes. I’m living my second life in this world, so in a way, I am a child,” she remarked.

What kind of messed up logic is that?

I sighed in response, but Inukami didn’t like that either.

“Why’d you just sigh like that?” she asked.

I decided not to answer.

“Ignoring me now, are you? Fine. Two can play at that game,” she said.

Now all I had to do was keep ignoring her, since I knew that she would eventually talk. As we walked the path, I realized that the trees were thinning out with every step. It seemed that we were finally leaving the forest.

“We’ll be out of here soon, senpai,” I said as I turned back to Inukami, who was still keeping quiet.

“Tch. Of course, you’d speak when we’re leaving. You have some sense of timing, I’ll give you that much,” she pouted.

But the only thing she was proving was that she couldn’t hold a grudge. Even though she was making a scene, I managed to ignore her and keep my eyes straight ahead. A few steps later, we finally made it to a clearing that wasn’t surrounded by trees.

“Sir Usato! Madam Suzune!” someone called out in the distance.

“That’s the gatekeeper’s voice,” I said.

The gatekeeper had been searching for us all this time, and he was with Blurin!

“That was exhausting,” I said.

But Inukami felt differently. “It’s been fun. I liked being with you, Usato-kun.”

Oh, brother.

Normally, I would think those words had meant something deeper, but this was senpai we were talking about. It was probably best to ignore it.

“W-We found you! What a relief!” the gatekeeper said.

Even Blurin growled happily when he saw me.

I started frantically waving at the two of them when Inukami suddenly turned to me and held out her hand. A cheerful smile—as bright as the sun—graced her face.

“We made it! Let’s go home, Usato-kun!” she said.

I naturally smiled in turn, and while I felt a little bashful, I took her hand in mine. She was no longer the Suzune Inukami I had adored back at school, nor was she the graceful president of the school council. Instead, she was just a girl who enjoyed her new place in this fantasy world, even if she was brash and a little hyper at times.

“Yeah. Let’s go home. Back to the place where we belong,” I said.

Inukami nodded and smiled, which brought me great peace.

Maybe being more open with Inukami isn’t such a bad thing after all.





* * *





Inukami and I safely made it back to the kingdom.

As it turns out, the gatekeeper felt responsible for us getting lost, so he and Blurin had spent the entire day searching for us without stopping for lunch. The other guard—the mage—had captured the group of bandits single-handedly. When she escorted them back to the kingdom she reported that we had gone missing. When I had the chance, I would definitely thank them both for their help.

Now that we had returned to the kingdom, we headed to the castle to tell the king that we’d made it back in one piece. The red-haired guard was babysitting Blurin; they had become fast friends, so I knew that they’d get along. He was nothing like a certain someone who kept trying to touch Blurin after he’d just slapped her hand.

Inukami and I entered the grand hall where the king had been waiting. Rose and Siglis were there too, along with a grumpy-looking old man named Sergio who had stood beside the king when we were first summoned.

The king saw us and immediately heaved a sigh of relief. “Oh, Usato, Suzune, I’m so glad you’re safe,” he said, slumping deeply into his throne. Judging by the bags under his eyes, it was safe to say that he had been worried sick. I opened my mouth to apologize, but Inukami beat me to the punch.

“We are sorry for worrying you, Your Majesty,” she said.

“No need to apologize. We should be the ones asking you for forgiveness. We deeply regret all the hardship you’ve been through. I would also like to apologize to you, Usato. If I hadn’t told you to accompany Suzune in her training, none of this would have happened,” he lamented.

The king was so sensitive to the point where it was actually wearing him out. I was a little taken aback by his words. I knew I should say something in response.

“I-It’s okay, really. It’s kinda like, well . . . I’m already used to this sort of thing,” I said.

“You are?” the king asked in disbelief.

I didn’t know what to say. If I told him the truth, it would surely only make matters more complicated.

“Oh, uh, it’s nothing! I spent a lot of time in the forest in my old world, so I’m just used to the scenery is all!” I lied.

“I-I see,” he replied.

Why the hell did I just cover for Rose? Oh no, has she taken control of me to the point where she can control how I feel?!

I glanced at Rose, who was grinning, just as I thought she would be. I had been utterly defeated. Just then, the king posed another question.

“By the way, how is your training with the rescue team? Has it been going well?”

There it is! The hardest question he could’ve possibly asked!

I had managed to change the subject a second ago, but then I was hit with another hard question! Rose was in the room, so I had to steel myself for what would happen later if I said the wrong thing.

“J-Just great,” I stammered.

“Why, you don’t say. I was worried about you, to be honest. But to hear it’s going great makes me truly relieved,” he said calmly.

My heart hurts so freaking much it’s gonna explode!

I stood there, tortured by my guilty conscience, as Sergio turned to the king. “Your Majesty,” he said, “it’s almost time.”

“Yes, I know,” the king answered, then he turned back to us. “As for you, Usato and Suzune, I recommend that you take a rest. You must be fatigued.”





After that, we left the grand hall just as the king said.

Rose was acting like her usual self, but for some reason Sergio and Siglis seemed very sullen. Just looking at their faces, I could tell they were relieved we were back, but something else seemed to be bothering them.

“Must be my imagination,” I murmured.

I was fatigued and the king had totally called it. Inukami didn’t look any more tired than she usually did, but deep down she must have been exhausted. We walked side-by-side for a few minutes, then prepared to head our separate ways. Right before I turned to say goodbye, I heard people shouting out of the blue.

“Usato! Senpai!” exclaimed a familiar voice.

“W-Wait up, Kazuki-sama!” exclaimed another.

A wheezing Kazuki and Celia-sama came running toward us. Kazuki put his hands on his legs and gasped for air.

“L-Long time no see,” I said hesitantly.

“Don’t long time no see me! I woke up and you and senpai were suddenly missing! Attacked by monsters, they said! I-I was so frickin’ worried,” Kazuki said.

Oh man, we must’ve really scared Kazuki. I feel bad for making him worry so much.

“I’m sorry,” I said. And I really meant it.

The two girls were having their own private conversation when the princess suddenly looked at Kazuki and giggled. Every move she made simply oozed grace.

“When Kazuki heard that Suzune-sama was missing, he was so pale that I thought he was going to faint! In fact, he ran away from the castle to look for her,” the princess stated.

“Ack! They don’t need to know that,” Kazuki said bashfully.

Inukami giggled. “Looks like you’re just as reckless as us, Kazuki-kun,” she jabbed.

“You’re the queen of recklessness, senpai. You even got a little monkey to hate you!” I exclaimed.

Inukami grew flustered. “Urk. That’s—you’re such a meanie!”

“What little monkey, Usato?” asked Kazuki.

“Well, you see . . .” I started saying, but then she covered my mouth with her hands. Uhm, Inukami?!” I cried through her fingers.

“Ignore him! It’s nothing!” she shouted. Maybe she didn’t want the others to know. But in that case, I could just tell Kazuki later when we were alone.

Both Kazuki and the princess watched curiously as Inukami frantically pushed her hands to my face. The princess looked at me, then Inukami, then exchanged glances with Kazuki.

“They must be really close friends,” she said slyly.

The princess seemed to have come to a grave misunderstanding, but Kazuki didn’t quite know what she’d meant. In other words, I had to object before Inukami made the situation even worse. If I didn’t clear the air now, the teasing would only balloon over time. To make matters worse, Inukami covered my mouth with a smile that was as curved as a crescent moon.

“No way. We’re just friends. That would never happen,” I stated.

Inukami suddenly backed away as if she were in shock.

I was hoping that she’d be less dramatic, but I guess that was too much to ask.

“Oh, really? Well, that’s a pity,” said Celia-sama, but her smile suggested that she didn’t feel pity at all. It didn’t matter what world this was—girls in any world will always gush over love stories. Not that this was a love story, of course!

“By the way, Usato, Rose-san is really incredible!” Kazuki remarked.

“Um, excuse me?!” I exclaimed. Rose and Kazuki weren’t connected in any sense of the word, so hearing him mention her name totally caught me off guard. I trembled in fear as I waited for him to continue his thought.

“When I went to go look for you guys, Rose-san stopped me at the castle gates. She was the only thing that stood between me and the forest,” he explained.

“She’s a strange one, all right,” I commented.

She treats me and Blurin like a baby, after all.

“I was being too hasty,” Kazuki continued. “If Rose-san hadn’t stopped me, I would’ve caused the country more trouble.”

I couldn’t deny it. If Inukami was missing and the only other hero was gone, the country would’ve flown into a panic. In that respect, Rose had surely done the right thing.

“What’s more, Rose-san really believed in you, Usato,” Kazuki said.

“She did?” I asked.

“She said you wouldn’t die easily because you’re her trainee. She never doubted that you’d come home safely. It was incredible how much she believed in you,” he said.

Okay. So basically, she didn’t think I’d croak on the spot.

Maybe I should’ve been happy that she trusted me, but I just felt conflicted.

Either way, I was moved that Kazuki was so kind and pure that he took Rose’s words to heart. I looked at him sullenly and put my hands on his shoulders. He looked a bit bewildered, but I said what I felt I needed to say.

“Never lose that innocence, Kazuki. Don’t become tainted like me and senpai,” I said.

“O-Okay. Um, I don’t really get it, but sure,” he nodded, looking confused. Feeling incredibly reassured, I took my hands off his shoulders.

I let out a sigh of relief. . . but then noticed that Inukami was glaring at me.

I wasn’t sure why.

“You just implied that I’m tainted,” she said, looking incredibly unamused.

She’s not denying it, so I’d say yes. Yes, she is.





* * *





After Usato and Suzune left the grand hall, Rose, Siglis, and Sergio stayed with me in the throne room.

“Do you know anything about the Fall Boars that attacked them, Sergio?” I asked.

“Not yet. I don’t know what got into them,” he answered sullenly.

Fall Boars lived on in the grasslands, but Usato’s group had been attacked somewhere else. If this was nothing more than a coincidence, Rose and Siglis—the rescue team captain and the army commander—would have never been summoned.

“We interrogated the bandits that attacked the heroes beyond the grasslands. They said that there were fewer monsters than usual, but these people encroached upon our land from other countries. They are far from reliable,” Sergio stated.

I put my hand to my head in dismay. “If the bandits are telling the truth, the monsters must have fled from their habitat in the grasslands. Something could have chased them into our country,” I responded.

The enemy had arrived. War was forthcoming. It was safe to assume that they weren’t going to underestimate us like they did in the last battle. Instead, they would launch an all-out attack to seize Llinger Kingdom.

Sergio broke the silence with a whisper. “It must be . . . the Demon Lord’s army.”

“Indeed,” I said. “They have returned.”

They were invaders whose demons and sinister monsters led the charge on Llinger Kingdom. I wanted to avoid all battles, if possible, but it was practically inevitable after the previous invasion.

“Siglis, tell the commanders to ready their armies. Prepare to attack,” I ordered.

“Yes, Your Majesty! As you wish!” he answered.

“Good,” I replied.

With a bow, Siglis exited the grand hall to go ready the army. Next, I glanced over at the woman who was crossing her arms and leaning back against a wall.

“Rose,” I uttered.

“I know, Your Majesty. You want me to check how the Demon Army’s invasion is going, don’t you?” she assumed.

“My apologies,” I said.

“Don’t worry about it,” she replied. “I know I’m the fastest person in the country. I’ll go search deep into the grasslands, near the border. That sound about right?”

“Yes, I believe that is where they should be . . . though I’d much rather they not be there at all,” I lamented.

There was a road in the grasslands that separated three different countries. The first country was Llinger Kingdom, the second was a neighboring country, and the third was the Demon Lord’s Territory, a land teeming with monsters. A great river ran through the country.

“Right. I’ll leave at nightfall,” she said.

“N-Nightfall?! That’s dangerous, Madam Rose!” Sergio warned, trying to stop her.

If the Demon Lord’s army was indeed on their way, then hordes of monsters were on their way to our country. However, Rose would kick them out. She used to command an infantry division for the kingdom. She could make any monster turn on their heels.

Despite Sergio’s warning, Rose started walking away.

I blurted out, “Rose, won’t you lead troops into battle for us again?”

I knew she would refuse, but I couldn’t help making a plea.

“I don’t plan on returning, Your Majesty. I’m not as good as you think,” she said.

“You were the first healer to be entrusted to lead the infantry division, so why do you criticize yourself so harshly? Even after you stepped down from your role, you have saved many lives as captain of the rescue team, have you not?” I asked.

“I’m not being critical. Just speaking the truth,” she replied.

She possessed healing magic that gave her incredible physical abilities, which allowed her to destroy any powerful monster in her path. Her military service was so impressive that the knights still shared stories of her accomplishments, and she was even responsible for improving the reputation of the healers. As much as I wished she would step up to the throne as the Lieutenant Colonel . . .

“It’s still bothering you, isn’t it?” I asked.

“It is. I can’t bring myself to forget. I accept my trainees’ deaths. I know I can’t bring my boys back to life, but this scar on my right eye just won’t let me forget it,” she said.

When Rose had risen to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel, she had trained seven of our most elite troops. They were spirited individuals who weren’t easy to train, but all of them respected her as their commander. When her team set out to battle, they always secured an overwhelming victory, no matter how strong the monster or how evil the demon. With numerous achievements under their belts, no one imagined that their unit would suffer their ill-fated defeat.

“It wasn’t your fault,” I said.

“Yes, it was. My sense of pride led them all to their deaths. That’s when I learned that no matter how much you train, no matter how incredibly talented and trustworthy you are, once you die, it’s over. This scar is punishment for my sins. It won’t let me forget what I’ve done,” she said.

Her scar meant more to her than I knew. It reminded her of the death of the seven trainees she’d been entrusted with.

“Your Majesty, don’t throw a gal into a battlefield who can’t let go of the dead. I’m a good example of why you shouldn’t,” she reasoned.

She appeared to see the scar on her right eye as a symbol of proof for refusing to return to the army. But it wasn’t just an excuse. What had happened must have traumatized her.

“That’s why I made the rescue team. We don’t fight; we’re just a group that tries to save people’s lives,” she explained.

She had made the rescue team before the Demon Lord’s resurrection. Many raised concerns about this incredibly odd organization, but public opinion swiftly changed during the invasion that took place two years ago, after the Demon Lord had newly risen. Rose and her elite troops saved many knights at that time, which ultimately led to our victory.

“There’s one more reason why I made the rescue team,” she said.

“What is it?” I asked.

She stared at me with the one eye she had left. I nearly shuddered when I found myself getting lost in her jade green eye, but I quickly readjusted my gaze to see her as one of our nation’s leaders. The rescue team had contributed to our previous victory. Originally, I allowed her to create it, but she had never told me its purpose. I had a feeling that saving soldiers’ lives wasn’t the biggest reason she’d made it.

“I . . .” she trailed off.

She covered her right eye with her right hand. Her shoulders suddenly started trembling and her mouth curled into a smile. It was a face she normally never made, and with it, came words I never thought I’d hear her say.

“I want a trainee who won’t die on me,” she said.

A trainee who will never die. That was her wish.





While I recognized that it wasn’t realistic, an image of a certain boy floated to my mind. It was the unlucky boy who got accidentally dragged into the hero summoning. At a glance, the boy was nothing more than an average, kindhearted, and perhaps unreliable lad. But now this boy had a duty to save the knights of this country.

Neither hero nor knight could master the exceptionally powerful offensive magic that Rose sought, and the boy was no different. Considering Rose’s past, I could see why Rose saw so much promise in him. But expecting him not to die was just too much to ask.

“You can’t expect people to live forever,” I said.

“That’s why we train. I seek healing magic, drills that allow us to do the impossible, and an iron will that won’t bend to our enemies. I’ve been looking for someone who has all those things for so long and it looks like I’ve finally found him,” she answered.

The one who had everything that she needed was . . .

“Usato, correct?” I asked.

“He couldn’t be more ideal. He’s just a kid who’s only talent is healing magic, but it’s perfect for the healer I need. Plus, he got used to life at the quarters much faster than I expected. Do you know what that means?” she asked.

“Do tell,” I said curiously.

“He has survival instincts, adapts to his surroundings, and has the will to live. If I’m being nice about it, this basically means he hates losing more than anything. The downside is that his environment basically shapes who he is,” she explained.

“What do you mean?” I inquired.

“When the training’s so tough that he’s vomiting blood, he complains but he’ll never stop going. I can scold him all day, but he never breaks down. It honestly feels like he was made for this world—to be a member of the rescue team. His personality meshes with everyone else’s. He completed the rescue team’s grueling training and survived for ten days in the Darkness of Llinger, and it’s all because he did all he could to adapt to his surroundings,” she said.

The will to live must have been in his blood.

“He’s everything I need in a healer. And ya know, he fights me even though I put him through hell. Never bends to my will. It’s almost as if he . . .” she trailed off.

She stopped her sentence short, shook off whatever thought she was having, and frowned once again. A few moments later, she looked up at me with a self-deprecating smile. As we stood in silence, Rose started to form a disjointed sentence.

“Yeah. He’s just like a member of my dead crew. That damn cheeky brat. That’s why I’ll make him the best healer that ever lived,” she said. Soon after, her heels clicked on the floor as she walked toward the exit. I was left alone, frozen in place.

It was the first time I’d seen her look so weak and forlorn. As I silently stood in the grand hall, I listened to the soft echo of her footsteps as they trailed off in the distance.





Chapter 6: A Night of Decisions!





In the Demon Lord’s domain, near the country’s border in the grasslands, a horde of demonic soldiers were building a bridge over the river that ran through the land. The soldiers were members of the Demon Lord’s army who had traveled far and wide to invade Llinger Kingdom. Their leader was Amila Vergrett, the third demon army commander.

“The bridge is almost complete!” she shouted, seemingly trying to get into the mood for the forthcoming war. “We are the Demon Lord’s arms! We will fight until we crumble to dust, and even then, we will offer our strength to our Lord!”

The soldiers buzzed with excitement. Amila nodded, satisfied by the army’s response, but beside her was a knight clad in black armor who let out a long sigh.

“Calm yourself, Commander. Honestly, you’re being obnoxious,” the man said.

“Well, excuse me,” she retorted. “This is huge for us. Of course, I’d be thrilled. And how dare you say your superior is obnoxious?!”

“Oooops. My bad. I’m still getting used to it,” the subordinate grumbled indifferently.

Amila was so furious that her veins were basically popping out of her head. “Why you . . . never mind. It doesn’t matter how things were before. You are officially my subordinate. You will obey my orders.”

“Riiight,” the knight said apathetically. After that, he turned on his heels and walked away. Amila was left there standing alone with her hand to her head.

“Talented, but nearly impossible to control,” she muttered.

“He’s giving you a tough time, isn’t he?” a voice said. It was Hyriluk, a fellow demon. He walked toward her with a flippant smile on his face.

“Oh, Hyriluk. What are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be babysitting your beloved creation?” she asked.

She was referring to Baljinak, Demon-made Monster Prototype Seventy-Two, a tactical weapon he’d made for the war.

“No need to sound so sarcastic. Anyway, how is the bridge coming along? Construction going well?” he inquired.

“Should be done in a few hours,” she murmured, glancing sidelong at the nearly finished bridge.

The bridge was composed of two things: half of it was timber from felled trees while the other half was a hodgepodge of materials they’d conjured with magic. The bridge wasn’t quite sturdy enough to be considered “durable”—not even in jest—but it was still a crossable bridge, nonetheless.

“I’m just saying, if that bridge collapses, we’re screwed. Not to mention how demoralizing that’d be for the soldiers,” Hyriluk added.

“That’s why we’re monitoring the other side of the shore at all times. Can’t you say something a little less . . . ominous?” she said.

Hyriluk laughed. “Fine, I’m sor—”

“Commander!” one of the soldiers interrupted. He was clearly out of breath as he ran over to Amila. “An unknown object is flying straight at us!”

“What?!” Amila cried.

Moments later, a giant tree fell into the half-finished bridge. It pierced the bridge, which started cracking and soon crumbled to pieces.

“W-Why?! What just happened?! The bridge! It’s . . .” she stammered.

It happened so suddenly that Amila and Hyriluk were frozen in shock. When Amila finally snapped back to reality, she spotted something incredibly far away on the other side of the river.

The only thing she could make out was a distinct shade of green hair.

“Roooooooooose!” Amila screamed.

Her anger was directed toward none other than the fiend who was laughing on the other side of the river.





* * *





To my surprise, I was actually given time to rest.

Yesterday, Rose returned to the quarters from the castle much later than me, then she ended up heading somewhere at night. Basically, that meant that I had the next day off.

“Then why am I going to the castle town?” I asked myself.

I was holding a letter from Rose and an almost-too-clean drawing of a map. The problem was that I drew too much attention from the townspeople. I was wearing my uniform, but I wasn’t even training and had left Blurin at the stable.

Why is he just walking around?” a civilian wondered aloud.

“Good question,” said another.

It turns out that the rescue team didn’t stroll through town like normal people. Maybe I should have been shocked, but I wasn’t. My mind must have been poisoned . . . along with the townspeople’s as well.

I casually ignored the whispers in town as I followed my map. My goal was supposedly on a giant main road, which Rose had said was relatively easy to find.

“That must be it,” I noted.

I spotted a white, brick building that stuck out among the various shops. The map was clearly pointing to that building, but I didn’t know if that meant that I should go in.

On my way to the building, I noticed a familiar set of ears and a tail. A fox beastkin girl was staring at me from about ten meters away. She definitely caught me off guard.

That gaze . . . it’s almost like she’s reading my mind. This isn’t good. I should probably stay away from that girl.

I quickly approached the building, opened the door, and went inside. Upon successfully escaping the girl’s gaze, I closed the door behind me and found myself in a room that was surprisingly tidy and reminiscent of the rescue team quarters. I called out to see if someone was there.

“Hellooooo?” I said.

“Comiiing!” replied an energetic voice from the back of the building.

A few moments later, a young girl hurried to greet me. She was a little shorter than me and had blond, semi-short hair. She looked as lively as her voice had suggested.

“Hellooo! What business do you have with the Fleur infirmary today?” she asked.

“Did you just say ‘Fleur’? Um, Rose-san wanted me to give you this letter,” I said.

“Omigosh! Really?!” the girl exclaimed.

If I remembered correctly, Fleur—the healer that wasn’t me or Rose—was Orga’s last name. It seemed that I’d arrived at his office. I took one more look around the room, then handed the girl Rose’s letter.

“Thank you very much! And with whom am I speaking?” she squeaked.

“I’m Usato,” I answered.

“Usato? My big bro told me about an Usato . . . Wait! You’re the new trainee!” she said.

“R-Right,” I replied.

She was incredibly energetic—the type of girl I could see myself being friends with on Earth. There was no doubt in my mind that she was Orga’s younger sister.

“I’m Ururu Fleur! And um, I’m eighteen years old!” she exclaimed.

“O-Oh! I’m seventeen,” I mentioned.

“You’re one year younger than me!” she shouted.

Her comment was so random that I didn’t know what to say. The interesting thing was that she and Orga both told me how old they were when we met.

Must be a quirk in their family.

“So, where’s Orga-san?” I asked.

“In the back with a patient. Wanna come see?” she offered.

I had no idea what kind of healer Orga actually was. Rose was the only healer whose magic I’d seen, so this seemed like a good opportunity to observe.

“Only if you don’t mind,” I replied.

“Of course! Right this way!” she exclaimed.

I followed Ururu to a room in the back of the infirmary. She quietly cracked open the door. “Can’t speak too loud,” she said, “that wouldn’t be good. My brother gets distracted pretty easily.”

“Okay,” I whispered.

Ururu and I peered into the room from the doorway. Being sneaky felt kind of wrong, but with Ururu there, I was (pretty) sure that it was okay. From the small opening, I saw Orga standing next to a young boy who was lying down on a bed, and a motherly figure who was holding his hand. The child seemed to be suffering from some type of illness.

“You see that boy? A few days ago, he got a weird infection that made him super sick. The symptoms were so bad that his mom brought him to our office,” she explained.

“I see,” I replied.

Green magic power gathered in the palms of Orga’s hands.

“Whoa,” I whispered. I couldn’t help but be impressed. Orga’s healing magic was a deep, dark green color that left behind a clear trail. His magic was much more potent than mine—I knew because I used the same magic as him.

Orga held his hands over the child’s head and chest, which sent a wave of healing magic over his body. Orga’s magic was incredibly smooth. It was way out of my league.

A few moments later, Orga lowered his hands.

“All better,” he said. He had instantly healed the child, who quickly sat up in bed.

“He’s right mama, I’m cured!” exclaimed the child. “I feel so much better!”

“Amazing,” I whispered. The once bedridden child now seemed to have all the energy in the world. The child’s mother bowed profusely to Orga. No matter how flustered he looked, Orga was an expert healer, plain and simple. I could never reproduce carefully crafted magic like his.





After he walked the mother and child outside the building, Orga came back inside with a delighted smile on his face. “Hey, Usato-kun! Nice to see you.”

“Same here,” I said. “Oh, and sorry for barging in while you were busy.”

“Not at all! I’m happy you paid us a visit. Did Ururu-chan do a good job of inviting you in?” Orga asked suspiciously.

“Of course I did. Duh! Oh, feel free to sit down, Usato-kun. We can stand around and talk, but nothing beats being comfy,” Ururu said.

I sat down in a wooden chair. Orga and Ururu sat down across from me at a table.

“Thank you for bringing us a letter from the captain,” Orga said.

“No problem. I’m glad that I came. I wanted to see this place for myself,” I replied.

I really meant it when I said I was glad that I came. Having the chance to see Orga’s healing magic had made my whole day.

Did Rose want to show me his magic? Is that why I’m here?

“So, tell me, Usato-kun! How’s everyone on the rescue team doing?” Ururu asked.

“You mean Tong and the others? Same as usual, I guess,” I answered, grinning wryly as I answered her random question.

“Yeah, I can see that. They’re not the types to change quickly, if at all. That’s the rescue team for ya!” she squeaked.

Orga, who was watching our conversation play out, suddenly asked a question of his own. “Next time, why don’t you try working here, Usato-kun?”

All I could muster was a bewildered, “Huh?”

“He’ll never say yes to that, big bro! How could he when he’s so busy with Rose-san’s training?” Ururu said.

Orga chuckled. “Heh, guess you’re right.”

But Orga’s offer didn’t sound all that bad. I could probably learn a lot just by observing his magic. On the other hand, I really was busy with training.

Maybe if I ask Rose, she’ll let me study under him for one day.

I gave a truthful answer. “I would love that, but I’ll have to ask the captain first.”

“I await the good news,” Orga said. “It’s no easy task running this place by ourselves.”

“C’mon, Orga! Quit making us sound so helpless!” Ururu said.

Orga laughed. “You’re strict, but I can’t say that you’re wrong.”

It was clear that they were incredibly close. As an only child, I must admit that I was a bit jealous. But then I thought to myself: If Orga couldn’t keep up with Rose’s training, was Ururu unable to keep up with it too? From what I’d gathered from the conversation, she was also a healer.

“Why did you quit Rose’s training, Ururu-san?” I asked.

“Welllll, even if I’m not as weak as my brother, I’m much better at healing other people than anything else. But the real reason I gave up was because . . .” she trailed off as she pointed at her brother, who was grinning bashfully while scratching his head. “I was worried about him!” she lamented, acting as though Orga was a troublesome child.

“Heh, sorry sis,” Orga chuckled meekly.

Anyone would think that she’s the older sibling—not him.

After that, we engaged in silly banter, and before I knew it it was already past noon. They invited me to eat with them, but I turned them down because I didn’t want to impose.

“See you around, Usato-kun!” Orga said.

“Come again soon!” Ururu exclaimed.

“Will do! Thanks for everything,” I replied.

After they bid me farewell, I left the infirmary. I was so busy training that I’d forgotten to rest . . . and it turned out that resting wasn’t so bad. It was incredibly peaceful. Too peaceful. I was worried that Rose would get mad because I wasn’t training, but then I realized how ridiculous that sounded!

She’d never do that! R-Right?





* * *





After I left the infirmary, I aimlessly checked out the stalls that lined the streets.

“I should probably get something to eat. Oh, wait. I didn’t bring any money,” I mumbled.

I had no choice but to go back to the quarters. I turned around to do just that when someone grabbed my arm. It was none other than the beastkin fox girl I saw before I had entered the building.

The beastkin girl whispered quietly as she stared into my eyes.

“You’re the only one who can see it. That means that you can alter the future.”

I had no idea what she was talking about.

In an instant, all sights and sounds turned to darkness. I held my head in agony, stunned by the illusions that filled my view like a daydream.





A vast, endless field.

The knights of the Demon Lord’s army.

Dark-skinned demihumans with weapons.

A figure adorned in jet-black armor.

Kazuki and Inukami sinking in an ocean of blood.





It was the worst sight I’d ever seen, and on top of that, it was incredibly real. When my vision returned to normal, I desperately tried not to vomit. The beastkin girl was also holding her head as it dripped with sweat, just like me. Our eyes met again, prompting her to mumble under her breath.

“You have received an incredible debt. It is your duty to repay it,” she said.

Debt? What does she mean?

Everything became blurry, and just as I thought I was going to fall to the ground, the beastkin girl held out her hand. I took one look at her hand and was filled with so much fear that I . . .

. . . simply started to scream.

I brushed away her hand and ran as fast I could without looking back. I returned to the quarters and curled up in bed, where I tried my hardest to forget the alarmingly real sights that I saw in my head.





“What the hell was that?” I murmured.

Despite lying in bed for a while, I couldn’t get the fox girl’s illusions out of my head. What was she trying to tell me? Did I really have a debt to repay? What kind of debt was it? Rose had mentioned that some beastkin possess special abilities. Did that girl have the ability to show other people illusions?

“Was that . . . the future?” I wondered aloud.

It was far-fetched, but it wasn’t impossible.

Why would she show that to me? Is that really the future? If that’s the case, Kazuki and Inukami are going to . . .

“No!” I shouted.

I heaved a deep sigh and laid back down in bed. Nothing made sense and it was bugging the hell out of me. Why did I have to be so nervous about a debt that I was being forced to repay? I didn’t have answers, so I thought it best to ask the fox directly.

“Yeah. For now, I’m gonna get a hold of that girl and see what’s going on,” I said.

Now that I’d made my decision, I knew what I had to do next.

I was going to be as fast as the wind.

“Where the hell is that loli fox?!” I yelled.

The fact that I was having pervy thoughts wasn’t because I resented her. Or at least . . . that was what I chose to believe.

First, I ran back to the place where the girl grabbed my arm. I was making such an awful face that I probably looked like a depraved freak, but the townspeople didn’t seem to notice. Wearing that training outfit basically gave me permission to act like a weirdo. But if I were wearing normal clothes, then they’d really do a double take.

“She’s not here!” I shouted.

Since she wasn’t where she was earlier, I’ll go to the stall where I first saw her. If I can just ask a shopkeeper about her, I’m sure to find her.

“It’s closed!” I shouted again.

The store was never open to begin with. Yet another failed attempt.

After that, it was time to check the alleyways!

“It’s too big! I don’t know where to go!” I shouted once more.

I felt like a total buffoon. No matter where I looked, the fox girl was nowhere to be found. I asked the civilians about her on the street, but none of them knew a thing. What made matters worse was that they refused to look me in the eyes. Oh well.

After searching most of the main road, I went to the last place I could think of.

“The door that leads outside the kingdom,” I said.

But even then, I wasn’t expecting to find her.





“I haven’t seen any fox beastkin around here,” said Thomas the gatekeeper.

“Yeah, I figured,” I replied, downtrodden.

I knew it. If she were there, that would make life too easy.

With slumped shoulders, I slowly started heading back to the town.

“After all that, I didn’t get any info,” I mumbled.

I had run through the town at full speed and searched every place I could imagine, but even so, my efforts had amounted to nothing. Was it possible that she had predicted the future and was now trying not to get caught?

“Stupid stuff like that isn’t possible,” I mumbled.

“What isn’t possible?” a voice asked from behind. Without looking, I knew that it was the voice of my fiendish captain, who was already back from wherever she’d been.

I shrieked with surprise, then slowly turned around to see Rose. She was covered in dust for some reason. I wasn’t sure what to say, but I blurted out something anyway.

“Well, look at you. You’re such a good captain that even dust can’t stay away!” I said.

“Aww, how sweet. Now get over here so I can strangle you,” she threatened.

She’s gonna pop me like a balloon!

Rose grabbed my face in her iron grip and held me up in the air.

Wait! I’m really sorry. Please stop! My bladder isn’t that strong!

I struggled to escape, only for her to sigh and quickly unhand my face.

“Gotta report something to the castle. You’re comin’ too,” she said.

“Fine. I don’t care anymore, so just do what you like,” I said.

I had escaped her iron grip, but then she scooped me up in one arm. She was holding me captive like some sort of prisoner.

She did that so casually. What does she think I am? A stuffed animal?

“What were you doing out here anyway?” she asked.

“Oh, I was just looking for someone,” I answered vaguely.

“. . . the hell?” she responded.

“Why the long pause?” I asked. “Well, whatever. I was looking for a beastkin fox girl.”

“Ohhh, that beastkin. The same one you said that weird comment about earlier. What’s up with the girl?” she said.

“Do you know anything about her?” I asked.

“She came to the kingdom two years ago. I was surprised that a twelve-year-old beastkin made it all the way here . . . but that’s all I know,” she explained.

So, a twelve-year-old beastkin escaped slave traders and bandits and made it here by herself? If that were true, the fox girl really was a master at hiding. Finding her seemed like an impossible task.

“I mean this in the nicest way possible, but really, don’t do it,” Rose suggested.

“Suddenly acting all nice just confuses me more,” I said.

Seeing her filled with compassion was just too rare a sight! My eyes . . . they burned!

Go back to your normal self! Rose isn’t nice! Plus, I’m not a pervert!!

Rose continued to toy with my mind while she carried me to the castle.





* * *





Rose carried me all the way to the king, who sat in the grand hall. She seemed to like how easy I was to hold and showed no signs of putting me down.

“Rose? Why are you carrying Usato like that?” said the king with widened eyes.

“I come bearing news. I have confirmed that the Demon Lord’s army has stationed their men near the border,” she announced.

“I knew it! How close is the Demon Lord’s army?” he asked.

Rose was covered in dust from head to toe. She’d probably investigated their whereabouts on her own. Despite hearing that the Demon Lord’s army was making their advance on the kingdom, it somehow still didn’t feel real.

“They were building a makeshift bridge to traverse the river, but I demolished it before it was finished. This should give us a few more days to prepare,” Rose reported.

The king’s face was frozen in fear. “Th-Thank goodness,” he said.

That didn’t sound like “investigating” to me, but either way, she had accomplished an incredible feat. My captain was in a league of her own.

“Tomorrow, I will tell the citizens about the enemy army’s invasion. I thank you for your work today from the bottom of my heart, and apologize for putting your life at risk,” he said humbly.

“Don’t worry about it. Now if you’ll excuse me . . .” she said as she walked out of the grand hall. She was still carrying me, so naturally I left the room too.

“Before the war begins, I’ve gotta warn you about a whole bunch of things,” she said.

“Like what?” I asked.

“Oh, important stuff. I’ll tell you when we get back to the quarters,” she stated.

I couldn’t help but wonder what she wanted to say.

“Captain?” I inquired gently.

“What?” she asked.

“Isn’t it about time you put me down?” I mentioned.

“. . . I forgot I was holdin’ you,” she answered.

It wasn’t exactly what I’d wanted to hear.





After spending some time in my room, I went to the captain’s quarters to go talk to Rose. Her room was on the second floor, all the way in the back. I’d never been there, but I always knew she was there when we weren’t training. I knocked on the door.

“May I come in? It’s Usato,” I said.

“Enter,” she commanded.

I went into the room, which was a lot cleaner and more organized than I’d expected. Various books lined the shelves and there was a stack of documents piled high on her desk. Rose was sitting at that very desk, her elbows resting upon it and her hair seemingly wet. She must have taken a shower to get rid of the dust.

“Sit,” she instructed.

I sat in a chair that was awkwardly placed in front of the desk. She was staring right at me, so I found it impossible to relax.

“Do you remember what role you play on the team?” she asked.

“Um, I go out on the front lines like you and heal the wounded,” I answered.

“Here’s the deal: At the start of battle, you and I do not go to the front lines. First, you, me, Orga, and Ururu—the four healers—will heal the wounded soldiers that Tong and the others bring to us,” she explained.

“Why don’t we start on the front lines?” I inquired.

“When the battle’s just starting, there ain’t no one to heal. There’s too much action on the front lines and it’d only make us sitting ducks,” she said.

“You’ve got a point,” I admitted.

I hadn’t thought that far ahead. No one is wounded at the start of a battle. Without people to heal, we’d just get in the way.

“I want you to know the most important thing about going to the front lines,” she said.

“What would that be?” I asked.

“I need to hear this just as much as you do, but . . . don’t heal the wrong people,” she murmured.

“Do you mean that we shouldn’t heal the enemy?” I mused.

Why is she saying something so obvious? Why would we heal our attackers?

“No, you idiot. Just don’t be reckless when you heal,” she said.

“How so?” I asked.

“For example, let’s say that one of our men is slightly wounded but keeps fighting. What would happen if you got careless and rushed to heal him?”

I paused for a second. “I’d just get in the way.”

“Exactly,” she said. “The battlefield is swarming with enemies. You have to decide who needs to be healed, and you’ve gotta do it fast.”

Now I get it. I can’t distract our men when providing support.

The strange thing was that Rose seemed different than normal. For some reason, she was being less thorny than usual. She was acting this way before we went to the castle, but she was even gentler now.

What inspired such a change of heart? Is she lifting me up just so she can break me down later? Wait. What’s that flying at my—

I yelped as a white object was flung at my face.

“That’s the official rescue team uniform. Try it on,” she ordered.

I sat there bewildered, studying the white coat I was holding that looked like a doctor’s lab coat. The cloth was smooth and durable. It was as thick as a luxury animal hide. A single red flower—the symbol of the rescue team—had been stitched onto the right side of the coat. It was the same uniform that Rose wore all the time.

“I made this so that we stand out on the front lines. Not only is it sturdy, but it’s also resistant to water and dirt. It’s one helluva coat, and it’s yours,” she said.

“Th-Thank you so much,” I stammered.

This is kind of amazing.

I put my arms through the sleeves and buttoned the front of the coat. It was surprisingly light, easy to move around in, and comfortable, even.

“Well, look at that. It suits you fine. I guess . . . all your training was worth it,” Rose said.

She suddenly closed the distance between us without so much as making a sound. Rose put her hand on my face, but I stood totally still. The reason I didn’t fight her wasn’t because I was scared; I felt that I had a duty to push my feelings aside and face her.

“Just because we’re healers don’t mean we’re immortal. If you die, it’s game over. The one thing you must never do on the battlefield is throw your life away. Do you understand me, Usato?” she said.

“Yes, ma’am. Believe me, I don’t wanna die either,” I answered.

“How stupid can you be?” she retorted, then flicked my forehead hard.

I was so taken aback by the pain that I started to groan, but then she grabbed me by the collar and put her face just a few inches from mine. She held my cheeks in her hands and forced me to look in her eyes.

“Talk all you want, but I know men who’ve said the same shit and winded up dead. I know fools who have so many regrets that they wish they would die,” she whispered.

“Captain . . .” I trailed off. I couldn’t bring myself to look into her eyes. Her words were as sad as they were deep.

“Don’t take your life for granted,” she said. “The rescue team can’t survive without you, goddamnit. If I see any self-sacrificing crap, I’ll beat your ass before the enemy does.”

Sacrificing myself wasn’t something I’d do. But if Kazuki or Inukami were dying, like they were in that vision . . . I didn’t know what I would do. Would I rescue them even if that meant certain death? Or would I be so afraid to die that I’d escape by myself? Neither situation was good.

“Then I’ll save everyone, including myself,” I stated.

“Think you can do that, punk?” she inquired.

“You’re the one who told me to speak my ideals, Captain,” I replied.





We stared into each other’s eyes as we stood there in silence.

A few seconds later, Rose let me go as a smirk played on her face.

“Don’t you forget what I just told you,” she said.

I fixed the collar on my uniform, then answered, “Yes, Captain!”

Her training might have put me through hell, but in that moment I realized that it had taught me more than I’d ever expected. I was proud to be a member of Rose’s rescue team . . . but I could never tell her because it was just too embarrassing.

Anyway, she’s gonna hate this, but . . .

“Your training’s probably gonna kill me before the enemy gets to me anyway,” I said.

“Shut up,” she snapped.

The next thing I knew, she headbutted me so hard that I was seeing stars. As I slipped out of consciousness from the sheer force, I saw Rose touching the scar over her eye . . . and for some reason she was smiling.





* * *





When I opened my eyes, I found myself in my bed.

“I knew it!” I said. “Rose is the worst!”

After that, I thought I heard someone yell. Tong was the only one in the room, snoring in the bed next to me, so I figured I was imaging things. The uniform Rose had given me was hanging on the wall.

Who brought me to my bed? Did Rose do that?

“Tch. Did she headbutt me because she was embarrassed? Wait a sec. Did I hear someone screaming just now?” I wondered.

“U-Usatooo!” someone yelled. The voice was coming from outside my window.

But I’m on the second floor. There’s no way someone would be all the way up—

“Over heeere!” the person said.

“Kazukiii?!” I exclaimed. My voice slipped into falsetto.

I glanced outside to find Kazuki dangling from the window’s handle. Despite not knowing why he was there, I put on my shoes and went out the window.

“Why are you going down?!” he exclaimed.

“Why were you coming up?!” I shouted back.

I wasn’t going to bring Kazuki into the room. Tong was sleeping, for Pete’s sake! Plus, I’d have to risk waking up Rose, and I didn’t want that. If she knew I was awake at this hour, I’d get a punishment so severe that even a demon would beg for forgiveness.

After Kazuki climbed down the wall, we moved away from the building. The light of the moon was bright, which meant we could walk without too much trouble.

“Why are you here in the middle of the night? H-Hold up. I don’t like guys like that, okay?!” I said, shielding my body.

Kazuki looked confused. “What are you talking about?”

“Sorry,” I said. “My mind was in the gutter.”

Kazuki was so innocent. Too innocent. He was the complete opposite of Inukami. Anyway, since he’d come all the way here, we went to the training grounds where we could talk. We sat on the ground as I listened to what he came here to say.

“The king just informed me that the war against the Demon Lord’s army is about to begin,” Kazuki said.

“Oh, right,” I replied.

The king was quicker than I’d expected. I couldn’t imagine Inukami’s reaction, but I totally understood why Kazuki was anxious.

“Senpai was a little taken aback, but it didn’t take her long to return to her normal, happy self. Me, on the other hand . . . I can’t stop thinking about the war. Keeps me up at night, you know? And before I knew it, I ran all this way from the castle,” Kazuki said.

I didn’t know what to say.

“I . . . ran away, Usato. I just . . .” he trailed off. He turned to me as his face gleamed in the moonlight. He normally looked like a dashing young man, but now there was a hint of meekness in his eyes.

“Fighting scares me,” he admitted.

How could it not? Before this, we we were just average high schoolers on Earth.

“I left the kingdom the other day and saw my first monster. I was really, really scared. I almost thought I was gonna fall to my knees,” he said.

I kept listening.

“After I vanquished the monster that desperately struggled against my attacks, I realized that I was naive when it came to this world,” he explained.

He was incredibly sensitive, whereas Inukami was not. Inukami had accepted this world as her own, but Kazuki was overthinking things to the point of distress.

“When the Demon Lord’s army attacks, they will try to kill me. That scares me more than anything else. I’m nothing more than a coward, yet the kingdom treats me with kindness, supports me, and even believes in me. I feel like a failure,” he lamented.

He suffered because he’d been branded a hero. People looked at him with envy and reverence simply because they heard the word “hero.” Kazuki couldn’t handle that burden.

“I’m going too, Kazuki,” I said.

He turned to me with a confused look on his face.

“I’ll save everyone who fights the Demon Lord’s army,” I stated.

Kazuki seemed conflicted. Should he prioritize his true feelings, or the expectations of the people? He didn’t know what to do, so he looked to me for an answer . . . but I held my tongue. I didn’t want him to fight more than he had to. But saying that would have been irresponsible. In the end, Kazuki should be the one to decide his own fate.

“Aren’t you scared?” he asked.

“Of course. More scared than you think. But I’ve already made my decision,” I said.

“You’ve already decided? Are you sure? You might die! They dragged you into this mess and they’re making you fight?! That’s just messed up!” he exclaimed.

When we were first summoned, Inukami thought that I would hold a grudge after being dragged into this world. It sounded like Kazuki felt somewhat guilty about this as well. Honestly, they didn’t need to worry about me so much.

“A lot’s happened since I came here,” I mentioned.

Kazuki listened intently.

“It’s been rough, but I’ve met so many people who accepted me even though I was brought here by accident. I wouldn’t be where I am now without them. They’ve done so much for me. I want to support them in any way that I can,” I said.

That was why I would enter the battle as a member of the rescue team.

“You’re included in that, of course,” I said.

“Really?” said Kazuki, looking surprised.

“For sure. Whether you fight as a hero or not, that won’t change the fact that we’re friends,” I stated.

Wait, I’m not the only one who thinks we’re friends, right?

Feeling a little uncertain, I turned to Kazuki to find him staring down at the ground. His hands were trembling. He looked like he was trying to stifle his emotions. I watched him nervously when he suddenly looked up and slapped himself in the face.

“K-Kazuki?!” I exclaimed.

“I’m such a pansy!” he said, turning to me. He had hit his cheeks so hard that they were already puffy and red. When he noticed that I backed away from him, he smiled his usual wonderful smile.

“I’ve made up my mind. I will fight to protect you and senpai!” he announced.

“Whaaat?!” I replied.

“I don’t know if I’ll be able to fight as a hero, but I will certainly try. I want to save you, Usato . . . because you’re my friend!” he exclaimed.

I said I’m gonna save him, so why is he gonna save me?!

“H-Hold up. I know I’m not one to talk, but are you sure that that’s what you want to do?” I said.

“You’re ready for battle, so I can’t run away like a scaredy-cat now! I have to dive right in. I’ll face my fears . . . along with everything else in this war!” he said.

“Are you sure?” I asked.

“When I remember that you and senpai will be there, it makes me feel so much better! I’ll be okay, I swear!” he exclaimed.

“That’s more like it,” I said, smiling as I turned to Kazuki. “It’s up to us. Let’s protect this country and everyone in it!” I said.

“Yeah!” he replied.

We smiled at each other, then reality hit me like a brick.

I was speaking from the heart, but I didn’t expect it to sound so cringey!

Feeling incredibly embarrassed, I started to turn away from Kazuki. He bashfully scratched his cheek.

“I’m really glad I met you, Usato. Thank you,” he said.

“M-Me too,” I answered.

Oh god, this is so freaking awkward!

I wasn’t used to people saying this stuff straight to my face, so it felt kind of creepy. The fact that Kazuki could say these things without hesitation was a good thing. But being on the receiving end was just kind of uncomfortable.

This doesn’t suit me at all! I’m supposed to be more stoic than this!

Kazuki chuckled. “I should head back to the castle. Sorry for waking you.”

“N-No prob,” I replied.

“Well, have a good night!” he said. And with that, he took off.





He started jogging to the castle, guided by the light of the moon.

Kazuki looked fearless as he ran into the distance.





I watched Kazuki disappear into the night, then yawned loudly as I headed back to the quarters.

“Gonna head right to sleep. Yeah, sounds like a plan,” I murmured.

I was hoping that a good night’s sleep would help me forget all the cringey stuff.

“Well, well,” a voice chimed in from behind me, “I guess that’s what friendship between guys is really like. Almost brought a tear to my eye.”

I knew who it was, so I didn’t bother turning around.

“Sorry, can’t we talk tomorrow, senpai? I’m tired,” I said.

“Hey! What’s with that reaction? Aren’t you supposed to shout, ‘What are you doing here Suzune-senpai!’?”

“Er, yeah, I just call you senpai. Not Suzune-senpai. Anyway, I’m sure you noticed that Kazuki was acting strangely,” I said.

Was she really there the whole time? She should’ve shown herself at the start! Well, I guess she was being considerate in her own twisted way.

“W-What’s this? Why are you being so stoic, Usato-kun? Are you angry at me? Tell me why, and I’ll fix it right away!” she pleaded.

“Why do you sound so desperate? And shouldn’t you be getting back to the castle, senpai?” I inquired.

“Keep being so cold and you might make me cry,” she said.

“Funny,” I said flatly.

I couldn’t imagine her crying. If she actually cried, I’d consider prostrating on the ground and begging her for forgiveness. But it seemed that she was too busy saying she’d cry to actually do it. She positioned herself next to me and looked up at the moon.

“Looks like Kazuki-kun’s also made up his mind,” she noted.

“To be honest, I was almost going to tell him that I didn’t want him to fight,” I said.

If he didn’t want to fight, he didn’t have to. If it only made him depressed, he shouldn’t have to force himself to put his own life at risk. I looked in the direction that Kazuki had been running, then Inukami put her hands on my shoulders and faced me.

“Usato-kun . . . you don’t want me to fight, do you?” she asked.

“Of course I don’t. But you’re different from Kazuki,” I stated.

“Well, I can’t deny that,” she replied.

Kazuki was struggling in this world, but Inukami had no intention of going back home. Their thoughts and goals were totally different. Besides, even if I’d told her not to fight, I knew that I couldn’t change her mind.

“You’re my senpai. Don’t say things that’ll make me worry so much,” I said.

“Ugh. Senpais have nothing to do with this world!” she exclaimed.

“Kazuki’s my classmate and friend,” I replied.

“Then I’m your friend too!” she countered.

“Yup,” I answered.

“Okay, aren’t you being a bit too casual now?!” she said.

I turned away from Inukami, who was mere centimeters from my face, and began walking toward the quarters. When I turned back to her, she was still standing there with her head hanging low. I was probably too mean to her. I figured I should probably make sure she was okay. If I didn’t, something bad was likely to happen.

“But . . .” I started.

Inukami interrupted me. “It’s too hard to ambush you, Usato-kun. Being a little more loving wouldn’t kill you. Oh, wait. Were you about to say something just now?” she asked.

“It’s nothing,” I said.

“O-Oh . . . okay. I should get back to the castle. Good night, Usato-kun,” she replied.

After a pause, I answered, “Good night.”

What does Inukami want to do to me? It’s a little . . . concerning.





* * *





The next morning, the king informed the public about the enemy’s invasion, and soon enough word spread to the far reaches of the kingdom. The soldiers nervously braced themselves and the townspeople started to panic.

Earlier that morning, Rose had told me that the king’s strategy was to march soldiers to the grasslands to launch an attack. Heroes Kazuki and Inukami were to lead the charge at the Kingdom Army Commander Siglis’ behest.

After the king had made his announcement, Rose gathered the rescue team members in the dining hall. Ururu was looking fondly around the room; it was almost as if she hadn’t seen it in ages. When she saw me, she smiled sweetly and waved at me for a second. I didn’t know what to do in return.

“It’s been a while, fellas,” Ururu said.

Judging from the casual tone of her voice, I could only assume that the burly men didn’t scare her. Any normal girl who saw them would run away screaming, but Ururu was apparently different. Not only did she have guts—when she reunited with the guys, it was like she was a different person.

“Looks like everyone’s here. I’ll get straight to the point,” Rose started.

This was most likely about the forthcoming war. If my guess was correct, Orga and Ururu had only heard about the invasion when the king announced it earlier in the day.

“As you all know, the Demon Lord’s army is coming. Actually, they’re frantically rebuilding their bridge. But even so, they’re still on their way here,” Rose said.

She’s speaking as if she wasn’t the one that destroyed it. How does one person destroy an entire bridge anyway?

“In two days, the kingdom’s army will march to the grasslands. The rescue team will join them and build an encampment on the land,” she announced.

Orga and Ururu responded with, “Yes, ma’am,” but Tong and the others answered back with an “Oorah!” Saying the guys answered strangely would be an understatement. They nearly drowned out what the siblings had said.

“This is Usato and Ururu’s first war. Don’t let your guard down,” she warned.

But wait . . . if this is Ururu’s first war, does that mean Orga was the only one who healed the wounded in the rear? That’s a big job for one person.

Rose finished briefing us and the group went their separate ways. When some of us walked out of the dining hall, Rose called out, “Hey, Orga. Come here for a second.”

“Understood,” he said politely.

Rose seemed troubled, so I hurriedly took one step forward . . . only for Ururu to grab my arm out of nowhere. When I turned around, a wide smile played across her face.

“C-Can I help you?” I asked.

“I’m booored,” she said.

“What about it?” I responded.

“I heard that you run around town with a Blue Grizzly cub,” she noted.

“And?” I replied.

“Can I see it? Pretty pleeease?” she begged.

“Um . . .” I was at a loss for words.

“I bet he’s adorable,” she said.

“I don’t know. He’s pretty vicious,” I responded.

She glared at me silently.

“Right this way!” I exclaimed.

“Thanks!” she replied.

I’m such a damn softie! If it were senpai, I could’ve subtly changed the subject and that would be that. But not this girl! She’s something else! They’re both the same age so why are they so dang different?! Gah! Ururu’s a toughie.

Ururu happily accompanied me to Blurin’s stable.

There he was in all his glory—yawning on the ground, looking like he didn’t have a care in the world. He was a little bigger than he was the last time I saw him. If nothing else, it was proof that I needed to make him get proper exercise.

Ururu was staring at Blurin with a twinkle in her eye. Suddenly, she leaped at the bear with open arms and squealed, “It’s SO cute!”

“Gah! Stay back!” I exclaimed.

But this wasn’t Inukami, who usually had weird ulterior motives. I was sure that if Ururu had wholesome intentions, Blurin would let her pet him like he did with me and the gatekeeper (and Rose).

The next thing I heard was a roar, which was followed by a high-pitched squeal.

“Ururu-san?!” I shouted.

It turned out that Blurin had used all his strength to jump up and swat Ururu down like a fly, which left her in a giant pile of hay. It was the first time I’d seen Blurin slam dunk a person. I frantically pulled Ururu out of the hay only for her to grab my shoulders with a dumbfounded look on her face. Blurin must have gone easy on her because she wasn’t hurt, but I could have sworn that I saw a tear in her eye.

“Usato-kun,” she said.

“Y-Yes?” I asked.

“You pet him,” she demanded.

“Okay. But first, you’re gonna have to let go of my shoulders,” I replied.

Her nails were digging into my skin, and it hurt. She probably couldn’t stand being rejected. Following Ururu’s orders, I petted Blurin on the head like I normally did.

“See?” I said.

“Th-Then I can try too!” she exclaimed.

But Blurin simply roared and immediately slapped her right hand. Tears welled up in Ururu’s eyes as she blankly stared at her hand. With no soft fur to pet, she lightly scratched the back of her head, attempting to distract me from her tears. As I stood there feeling sorry for her, I saw a small, familiar black creature jump onto the downtrodden girl’s shoulders.

“Kukuru-chan . . .” Ururu said.

The rabbit squeaked in response.

It was Kukuru, Rose’s loyal pet—the monster who toyed with my pure boyish heart! Surprised by this unexpected appearance, Ururu looked at the rabbit and smiled.

“Are you . . . comforting me?” Ururu said. She tried to rub her cheek against the rabbit. Th-Thank . . .”

But Kukuru quickly jumped from Ururu’s shoulder to mine.

“. . .Oh,” Ururu said.

I was petting Blurin with my right hand, I had Kukuru on my left shoulder, and in front of me was Ururu, whose jaw had basically dropped to the floor. Silence pervaded the area.

Both animals happily started cooing, but they really should have shut up! Waterworks were bound to start any second!

I hurriedly wrapped both hands around the rabbit and thrust it toward Ururu. When I saw that she was holding it, I let out a sigh of relief and tried to get the heck out of the stable.

“Y-Yeah, Blurin’s kinda cranky today! Anyway, let’s head outside,” I said.

Without responding, Ururu silently left the stable with Kukuru in hand. I started walking toward the quarters because silent Ururu was freaking me out. She was acting totally different than she did at the stable.

“Hey, Usato-kun?” she said.

“Eek!” I said, my voice cracking. “I-I mean, yeah?”

“Rose-san is scary,” she stated.

“Isn’t that blatantly obvious?” I countered.

“Ooh, look who’s got a sharp tongue. Anyway, when we first joined the rescue team, she really monitored our training. It was kind of obsessive,” she explained.

“In what way?” I asked.

“She was super strict. The rescue team was still very new back then, but the training was so harsh that most people would escape because they just couldn’t take it,” she said.

It wasn’t hard to imagine. Before I grew thicker skin, Rose’s exercises were mentally and physically draining. It was only natural that people would flee if they couldn’t keep up.

“Why did you and your brother join the rescue team?” I inquired.

“Because Rose invited us. We ended up only providing support. But in the beginning, she was our direct superior. To be honest, that made me so happy,” she said.

Happy, huh? I never would have guessed. Things must’ve gone downhill from there.

“But I just didn’t have what it takes. Sure, there were times where I couldn’t keep up with my brother, but it mainly didn’t work out because I was scared of Rose,” she admitted.

“And she’s still as scary as ever,” I joked.

“That may be true, but she was much scarier then. In fact, nowadays Rose-san actually looks kinda happy,” she said.

Why is she happy? Is it because I’m a new sandbag that she can beat silly? That doesn’t make me happy, but I can only speak for myself.

“I think she believes in you, Usato-kun,” she continued.

“Believes in me? Come on, that’s taking it a little too far,” I smirked.

“No, I mean it,” she said with a serious look on her face. “Don’t hate her, Usato-kun. As scary as she is, she’s a really good person.”

It was the same thing that Orga had said to me the other day. It surprised me that both siblings relayed the same message, but either way my response was the same.

“Believe me, I never hated her and I never will,” I answered.

Ururu smiled in response, but I didn’t know why. We kept talking until we arrived at the entrance to the quarters. She put Kukuru down at the entrance and faced me.

“You know what I think, Usato-kun? I think her feelings are easily hurt,” she said.

“Yeah, right,” I answered.

Ururu laughed. “I wouldn’t be so sure, you know. Really!”

What does she mean by “easily hurt”?

“Most of the time that lady’s freaking unhinged! She’s been kinda nice recently, but she’s usually not like that at all!” I exclaimed.

“H-Hey . . . Usato-kun?” Ururu started.

But I was ready to rant.

“You have no idea how much I went through when she threw me into the forest! I mean, it was kind of cool that she never left, but that’s that, and this is another matter entirely! I seriously thought I was going to die! And when she told me that she’s twenty-five, I was shocked! She looks so much older than that!” I shouted

“My deepest apologies, Usato-kun,” Ururu whispered.

I had no idea why she was apologizing until . . .

I was in so much pain I was screaming!

“Like to run your mouth, dontcha? You won’t be talkin’ when I’m done with you,” said a voice.

At that moment, Rose sunk her fingers into my skull and lifted me off the ground by my head, which left me writhing in pain. I caught a glimpse of Rose, who apparently had been standing behind me, with Kukuru sitting on her shoulder. This could only mean that the dang rabbit got me in trouble again!

I was in too much pain to speak.

“Don’t be so hard on him,” Ururu suggested.

“This kid leaves me no choice,” replied Rose. “Orga’s waiting inside. I basically told him everything you need to know, so go hear it from him,” Rose commanded.

“Will do! See ya later, Usato-kun,” Ururu said.

Ururu threw me to the wolves! How could she?!

Rose released me from her iron grip, then started carrying me to the quarters as a vein popped angrily out of her head. I was too weak to move.

She acts like I’m so easy to carry. Well, whatever. She can do whatever she wants.





Chapter 7: As a Member of the Rescue Team!





Everyone on the rescue team was riding a horse-drawn carriage to the grasslands. I sat next to Rose as she steered the horses, while Orga and Ururu sat inside the carriage with the other scary-looking team members. The knights of Llinger Kingdom marched in a line in front of the carriage.

“Um, why am I sitting next to you, Captain?” I asked.

“Only ’cause there’s no room inside. Or did you want to be the only one walkin’?” she smirked.

“Not really,” I answered.

Sitting in that cramped carriage with the guys would have been awkward. But dealing with a dead silent Rose wasn’t fun either. I would’ve gone mad if I had to sit in silence for hours, so I decided to ask her a question that had been on my mind.

“This is your second time fighting the Demon Lord’s army, right, Captain? What are demons like in general? All I know is that they’re different from humans,” I said.

“Demons are demihumans who have twisted horns on their heads. They look similar to humans, but they typically outmatch us in strength and magic power,” she explained.

“Did you just say horns?” I inquired.

Like the horns of the devil?

“Why? You scared?” she said.

“Nah. I know someone who’s scarier, so I’ll be okay.”

Rose scoffed. “The kid’s got a comment for everything.”

I can see why she views me as a kid . . . since she’s an old hag and all.

I didn’t want her to slaughter me, so I kept that remark to myself.

“If you’re still nervous after all of my training, I’m gonna kick you right off of this carriage,” she said playfully, tugging tightly on the reins. “Who woulda thought that the kid who was dragged into the hero summoning would turn into such a monster,” she mused.

“A monster? You don’t have to phrase it so weirdly,” I said.

It’s not like I’m inhuman, you know.

“But it’s true. Normal people can’t handle my training,” she remarked.

“Then why did you make it so hard to endure?!” I said.

“You’re the monster who cleared my training, so anything you say just sounds sarcastic,” she countered.

If she knows what she’s doing, that’s downright cruel!

“You’re the monster!” I said.

“Excuse me?”

“Sorry. I didn’t mean it.”

She wouldn’t even let me talk back. I felt really pathetic. One evil glare had me apologizing to Rose.

“Well, in any case, I’m glad I found you when I did,” she replied.

Wait, really?

“What? Why do you look so surprised?” she asked.

“I didn’t expect that at all,” I said honestly.

I never thought she’d say that she’s glad that we met.

“You have no idea how special you are,” she responded.

“What do you mean?”

“There aren’t any healers like me in this world. I can train the healers in the carriage all I want, but nothing would change.”

She was right. No matter how hard Orga and Ururu trained, they could never become a healer like Rose. Was she saying that I was like her, which is why I was special? I didn’t really know how to feel.

“Imagine if there were a whole bunch of people who were just like me,” she said.

“That would surely be the end of the world.”

She karate chopped me in the stomach so fast that I had no time to react. Air spilled out of my mouth, and I started to faint. Rose simply sat there with her hand to her head, looking nonplussed.

“It ain’t gonna happen. That’s why I found a way to use healing magic to train past my limits. You and me are the only ones who can do it,” she said.

I wheezed in pain as I cast healing magic on my stomach. “M-Makes sense . . .”

But I was surprised to hear that she’d come up with . . . this novel way to use healing magic. Her “ideas” were pretty insane.

“You had the capabilities I was looking for in a healer. No one could do what I did . . . until I found you,” she murmured.

I wasn’t sure what Rose meant, but I did know that Ururu was right. Rose really was counting on me. Despite all the pain I had suffered, I couldn’t help but feel kind of honored.

I was still thinking about our conversation when she turned to me and said, “Almost there.” When I snapped out of my daze, the trees on both sides of the road had faded away, leaving nothing but a giant green field.





* * *





Three days had passed since the bridge was destroyed.

Amila Vergrett angrily gritted her teeth as she reflected on the unfortunate turn of events. The bridge had been so close to completion, but then it was destroyed in an instant. The army had to rebuild it from scratch.

“Tch. How much longer will it take?!” Amila growled.

“It should be completed by daybreak,” a subordinate answered.

“Well, hurry up!” she yelled.

She had committed the biggest blunder there was. If she had just kept an eye on the shore, the bridge would have never been destroyed. Amila was angry at herself for making such a rookie mistake.

“Morale’s lower than ever and the attack is terribly delayed. I don’t deserve the title of third army commander,” she lamented.

A knight in black armor approached Amila. “It’s still not completed? I’m bored to tears,” he grumbled.

“Well hold your horses,” she said weakly. “When the battle commences, you’ll have to fight whether you like it or not.”

The black knight morosely sat on the ground. “I don’t care as long as I get to fight.”

“Quite the battle junkie, aren’t you? I would’ve never guessed you were the subordinate of that lamebrained freak of nature,” said Amila.

“I’ve got nothing to do with that slacker,” he hissed.

The black knight didn’t take orders from the third division, which was led by Amila. Instead, he was sent there as a soldier from the second division. Amila was painfully aware that the second army commander didn’t take his job seriously, and as a fellow commander, she couldn’t respect him. However, his subordinate—the black knight—was clearly skilled. There were rumors that none of his fellow soldiers could match his incredible strength and unique magic abilities.

“Listen, I know you’re talented. But don’t let your guard down. The humans have their own tricks up their sleeves. We call them the kidnappers,” she explained.

“You mean the guys who take fallen soldiers off the field? If all they do is flee, they can never defeat me,” he replied.

“Don’t underestimate them just because they’re human. They’re their own type of monster,” Amila warned. Despite how serious she was being, the black knight apathetically shrugged in response.

Amila saw this and let out a sigh. “No matter. Tomorrow we finish the bridge. After that, we start our assault. You and Baljinak will be responsible for exterminating our enemies. Morale’s at an all-time low. It’s your job to boost it,” she noted.

Amila quickly walked away from the black knight in a not-so-subtle attempt to end the conversation and went back to directing construction. The black knight stared at the back of Amila’s head before collapsing onto the floor.

“Monsters, huh?” he moaned. He drew his sword and tossed it onto the ground. If Amila saw him recklessly throw a sword—a symbol of pride for the knights—she would have been furious.

“I don’t know how strong they are, but at least I’ll get to have a little fun,” he mumbled. The black armor he wore started twisting and turning like the haze of heat on a scorching hot day.

“Demons or humans . . . It doesn’t matter. Anyone who can satisfy me will do,” he groaned. He started maniacally laughing, his mouth hidden under his helmet.

“Show me how it feels to live, humans,” he said.

His jet-black armor squirmed around him like sludge.

He looked like the devil himself.





* * *





The kingdom’s army set up an encampment on the vast field. But in a separate area, the rescue team pitched a large tent-like structure that had its own roof. We lined it with simple beds that we’d packed in the carriage.

The sun had already set. Soldiers stood guard, relieving each other in shifts, while I sat in a wooden chair in the rescue team’s camp. The chair was absurdly uncomfortable, but the biggest problem was . . .

“There’s nothing to do,” I groaned.

Rose was with Siglis, and the siblings had left to talk with the soldiers. On top of that, Tong’s group was already asleep.

The Demon Lord’s army might be here any minute, so how in the world are they sleeping like babies?! “Resting helps us fight better,” they say? Sounds pretty bogus to me.

Rose had also told me to rest, but I wasn’t sure if I should. If I were on Earth, however, I would sleep in a heartbeat.

“Coming through!” said a brash voice.

The gatekeeper who’d accompanied me and Inukami burst into the tent. The only difference was that now he was wearing the kingdom’s army uniform.

After we greeted each other, he surveyed the room.

“Glad to see you, Sir Usato. Where are the others?” he asked.

“They’re out at the moment. The captain should be back pretty soon,” I said.

“Well, you see, the reason I’m here is because I have a message for you,” he replied. He straightened his posture and bowed once again. “I am Aruku! And I have the honor of guarding the rescue team in this battle! I will protect your team to the end!” he exclaimed.

“G-Great. I look forward to working with you, Aruku-san,” I responded.

His impassioned words surprised me a little, but they also reminded me that his intensions were pure. The enemy would probably make a beeline for our camp, so I had hoped that someone trustworthy—someone like him—would defend us. I could rest easy knowing that he had our backs.

“Leave it to me! Now, sir, I’ll return to my post!” he exclaimed.

“We’re counting on you,” I said.

After bowing politely once more, Aruku exited the tent.

He was an incredibly enthusiastic person whose cheerful attitude lit up the room. I watched Aruku walk away, then returned to my chair and stared out into space. Just then, a girl entered the tent. She had long, beautiful black hair that swayed as she walked. It was none other than Inukami who approached me with a smile.

“How’s it going, Usato-kun?” she said.

She wore gleaming silver armor. It looked fairly light and easy to move in. Inukami proudly puffed out her chest when she noticed that I was looking at her.

“Oh, this? It’s . . . Well, should I tell you? Wanna know what it is?” she giggled.

“Not really,” I said honestly.

“Sure you do, so listen up! I’ll explain it just for you!” she exclaimed.

She’s gonna tell me, whether I like it or not!

“Support magic has been cast on this armor! It specifically bolsters my lightning magic. Not only that, but it’s so flexible that I forget that it’s there! It’s amazing!” she shouted.

“You like it?” I responded.

“Oh, absolutely!” she said.

She’s beyond easy to read. She’s like a child who’s proud of her new toy. I mean in the sense that it’s kind of annoying.

“You’re not very girly, senpai,” I noted.

“What the—?! You’ve got some nerve saying that to a girl!” she said.

“Well, you’re the only girl I know who’s happy to have her own armor,” I replied.

“Th-That’s not true, Usato-kun! I like cute things and don’t you forget it! In fact, I used to have a cactus in my room back on Earth!” she said.

Does owning a cactus really make someone girly?

I glared at senpai for a few seconds until she awkwardly averted her eyes.

She suddenly started pointing at me. “Yeah, well. You’re the one who stole everything that made me feel better!” she shouted.

“What? I did?!” I said.

Now she’s just trying to pick a fight.

“That’s why you’ve got to make me feel better yourself!” she reasoned.

“Sorry, I have no idea what you’re talking about. That makes no sense,” I replied.

She started inching toward me. It creeped me out, so I slowly rose out of my chair.

“You’re stubborn, Usato-kun, but I’m not gonna give up!” she announced.

“I never gave you a reason to try in the first place,” I responded.

She giggled. “I know what this is. This is your way of hiding your embarrassment. Of pretending you’re more aloof than you are!” she exclaimed.

Inukami was acting really strange. She was even going cross-eyed.

“Calm down, senpai. You’re being weird,” I said.

“No, I’m not!” she countered.

“Um, are you okay?” I asked.

Crap. She’s really gone off the deep end.

Inukami was a regular high school girl back on Earth. She was trying to be brave, but deep down she was probably scared. The pressure from the war must have made her unstable. Maybe that was why she was acting so manic.

“Just hear me out! When you resist me, it just makes me want you even more. It makes me want to flirt and be flirted with. So, let’s do it!” she cried.

“Actually, I was wrong,” I said. “You were always a weirdo.”

By “getting closer” does she mean . . .

“I get it, I get it, already. So, let’s just stop it right here. People are supposed to talk to each other. Why don’t we have a normal, two-way conversation?” I asked, trembling.

I slowly started backing away. After what I’d just said, I was sure that she would calm down and talk to me normally. She looked like she was considering my proposition, but then . . .

“Sometimes we have to do manual labor,” she said ominously. “This happens to be one of those times.”

“Kazukiiiiiiii! Heeeeeeelp!” I shouted.

If you can hear me Kazuki, my best friend in the world, I need you to save me!

Just then, Kazuki burst into the tent. He was wearing thick armor, unlike Inukami, and looked truly concerned.

“What’s wrong, Usato?!” Kazuki shouted.

“You came!” I exclaimed. I couldn’t believe how fast he’d arrived.

When Kazuki spotted Inukami, he started pointing at her.

“So that’s where you are, senpai! I was looking all over for you! Siglis-san wants to have a tactical meeting. Let’s go,” he explained.

“Don’t worry, I’ll be there as soon as Usato-kun falls into the palm of my hand,” she answered.

“Um, what do you mean?” Kazuki asked nervously.

“You two have deepened your relationship. That’s what I’m talking about,” she said.

Sorry, but . . . please stop talking nonsense. We don’t know what that means.

Kazuki looked at her like she had twenty heads.

“Inukami-senpai’s going insane! Take her away, Kazuki!” I shouted.

“I-I don’t know what’s going on, but I believe you, Usato!” he cried.

Kazuki locked her in a full nelson and began dragging her out of the tent.

“I knew it! It’s you! You’re stopping me from getting close to Usato-kun! You made sure that you guys became better friends only to leave your senpai out in the cold! That’s so underhanded, Kazuki-kun!” she growled.





“What are you talking about?!” Kazuki asked.

I feel the same way, Kazuki. I have no idea what she is saying.

“Let me go!” she yelled.

“S-See you later, Usato!” Kazuki called out.

“Seriously, thank you so much!” I called back.

Inukami left the tent like a tornado, nearly destroying everything in her path. She wasn’t a bad person, and we definitely got along, so overall I was glad we were friends.

But why me? I didn’t know why she liked me. If this were a dating sim, I had no recollection of picking her route. I didn’t have the social skills or swag to make a girl swoon in the first place.

“Hmm . . . I don’t get it,” I whispered.

But I really didn’t have time to think about romance. Until the scouts returned to camp, there was no telling when the battle would start.

“I’ve just gotta brace myself before then,” I said.





* * *





The next morning, I found myself gazing at the vast field. My right hand trembled as I reached for the sword that King Lloyd had given to me.

“It’s okay. It’s okay,” I said quietly. I was trying to calm myself down.

The battle would start as soon as the enemy’s shadow fell on the land. Me and senpai were heroes, and our job was to blast enemy soldiers with magic, to create a path to the demon commander with our allies, and to hopefully put the Demon Lord’s reign to an end.

I wasn’t sure it was possible, but we had to try.

“Don’t overexert yourself, Kazuki-kun,” said senpai, standing next to me as she uttered those caring words.

“I’ll be okay. No need to worry about me,” I said.

“You say that, but . . .” she trailed off.

“You’re the nervous one, senpai. So nervous, in fact, that you tried distracting yourself in the tent with Usato,” I retorted.

She angrily pursed her lips and looked away as if I’d hit the nail on the head. I’d never seen her make that face back on Earth. We spent a lot of time working together on the student council, so I knew her well. At the very least, she’d never act so vulnerable in front of a total stranger.

“You know people pretty well. Of course, I feel nervous. But honestly, it’s also kind of exciting,” she admitted.

I knew what she meant. Wielding sturdy armor and a sword, I would take to the front lines, which would instantly etch me into this world’s history as a hero. In that sense, I could see why Inukami was excited. But in my case . . .

“I’m fighting for a different reason, senpai,” I said.

The reason I was fighting wasn’t for fame or recognition. It was to save my dear friends Usato and Inukami.

She chuckled. “I bet. But this is just who I am.”

“You’re a lot different than you were back home, senpai,” I replied.

“It’s true. But the old Inukami is dead. Despite that, Usato has always stuck by my side. I now know what path I want to take in my life,” she stated.

Something must have happened between Inukami and Usato while I wasn’t around. I looked curiously at Inukami.

“Back when we went missing—actually, never mind. I’ll tell you later. If we make it home in one piece, I’ll tell you what happened,” she said as a smile spread across her face.

“If? Why not when?” I asked.

“Is there a reason you have to go home?” she asked, still smiling.

Inukami was the only girl I knew who could smile in such dire straits. If I was being mean about it, I would say that she wasn’t nervous enough. But on the other hand, I found her relaxed attitude reassuring. While we were throwing quips back and forth, a disturbingly ominous feeling swept over my body.

Without so much as a thought, I glanced at the grasslands. The Demon Lord’s army wasn’t here, but they were approaching. Inukami also gazed nervously at the field. Amid a somewhat eerie silence, my heart started to sting.

“Senpai!” I shouted.

“They’re here!” she exclaimed.

Siglis must have noticed them, too.

All kinds of orders were dispatched to the troops. A knight who specialized in magic headed to the front lines, just like Siglis had planned.

“We’ve got to get ready,” Inukami said.

“I know!” I replied. I took slow, deep breaths and boosted my magic.

I possessed light magic. I didn’t know how effective it would be against the enemy army, but there was only one way to find out. I was getting used to the feeling of power running through my body. As I’d expected, getting used to feeling magic wasn’t so easy.

“The kingdom’s army shall fight till we destroy the Demon Lord’s army!” yelled Siglis from the rear. He was shouting to heighten the soldiers’ morale. The soldiers’ eyes gleamed. They were ready for battle.

“We fight for the King! For the people! For Llinger Kingdom!” he shouted.

The fear dissipated from all the soldiers’ eyes as they raised their voices to cheer. It was an incredible sight to behold; they were yelling so loud that the ground beneath us was practically shaking. As the troops roared in response, a black shadow stained a hill on the field. The shadow was small, since it was so far away, but it looked like a black blob of darkness.

“What is that?” I mused.

Suddenly, shadows descended on the hill like an avalanche. The beings looked somewhat human except for the sharp, pointed horns on their heads.

“Prepare the magic troops!” Siglis commanded.

I yelped when I heard his voice; it brought my thoughts back to the battlefield. I glanced back at the Demon Lord’s army as they sped down the hill.

“We’ll strike first. Can you do it?” Inukami asked.

“I can and I will! I’ll give it everything I’ve got!” I said.

I held out my hands and gathered all my magic into my palms. The magic knights were on standby on the front lines, holding out their hands just like me and Inukami. We were prepared to blast the enemy with magic the moment they were in range.

“Gotta go all-out on the first attack!” Inukami exclaimed.

Sparks flew off her body in every direction. We were both prepared to attack, but the Demon Lord’s army did not stop their charge. They were so reckless that it almost seemed like a suicide mission.

“When I give the signal, we fire!” Siglis shouted.

The distance was closing between the two armies. There was no backing out now. I gritted my teeth, opened my eyes wide, and . . .

“Fiiiiiiire!” Siglis shouted.

I yelled as I launched shining, white magic straight ahead. A few moments later, all sorts of magic rained down on the enemy.





* * *





A terrifying explosion ripped through the sky.

“It begins,” I whispered.

All of us on the rescue team were lined up in front of Rose.

“If you’re wearing black, you will first head to the field and retrieve any wounded soldiers you find,” Rose explained.

The thugs in black gave a hearty, “Oorah!”

Is it just me, or do their clothes seem a little bit off? Wearing black jackets on the battlefield makes them look much more like criminals than anything else. Honestly, if one of them got a hold of me, I’d probably cry.

“You two in gray will do your job here. If there’s an emergency, leave at once,” she commanded.

Orga and Ururu answered, “Yes, ma’am!” Their clothes looked like mine and Rose’s, except theirs were gray. It was their duty to hold down the fort.

“Lastly, you and me are gonna weave through the field and breach the front lines,” she stated.

“Understood,” I said.

“All right!” she shouted. “Tong, Alec, Mill, Gomul, and Gurd. Head out!”

All the thugs raised their voices at once.

“Heh. Then get going. Do what you did last time and come back alive!” she said.

No need to worry about them. They’ve got so much endurance it’s scary!

The thugs noisily sped out of the room. The rest of us watched them leave from inside the tent.

“I hope senpai and Kazuki are all right,” I murmured as I stared at the exit.

“Are you worried about your friends?” Ururu suddenly asked.

“Of course,” I replied instantly.

“I see,” she said. “You’ve gotta be careful out there too, Usato-kun.”

“Yeah, I know,” I responded.

While Ururu and I were talking, Tong rushed into the tent. He was carrying a weeping female knight over his soldier.

“I got one!” Tong announced.

“Already?!” Ururu and I said at the same time.

How?! The battle just started!

“Well, yeah. It’s normal for people to get hurt when there is a war. They’re gonna start bringing more in—a whole bunch of ’em. Tong, leave her to Usato and bring us the next wounded soldier,” Rose demanded.

“I gotcha, big sis! Hey Usato, I’m countin’ on ya!” said Tong.

“R-Right,” I said nervously. He handed me the female knight.

There were deep gashes in her legs and her shoulders that came from a sword. She was bleeding a lot, but a wound like this was easy to cure.

“Urk . . . he had such . . . a scary face,” she whimpered.

“You poor thing,” I said, feeling genuinely sorry for her. “You must have been crying because of how much it hurt. Yeah, that must be it. But I promise it’ll all be okay. We’ll make the pain go away. Look at me and the lady right here. No more freakish thugs. I promise!”

“Usato-kun, don’t lose sight of your mission,” Rose warned.

Oh. I guess she can hear me.

I let go of the knight to pour healing magic into her wounds, but for some reason she kept clinging to me. It only took a few seconds to heal her.

“Are you okay?” I asked the flustered knight.

“A big monster . . . and an enemy in black . . .” she stammered.

“Please try to calm down,” I urged. She was too scared to recall what had happened.

An enemy in black, she says.

Throbbing pain ran through my head and the beastkin girl’s vision replayed in my mind. I didn’t know why I saw it at first, but then I finally understood what it meant.

“This must mean that Kazuki and senpai are really going to die.”





* * *





The kingdom’s army tried to massacre us with long-range magic, but we outsmarted them—we used large-scale illusion magic to deceive them. Under the influence of illusion magic, the knights would surely misdirect their shots, which would then cause them to panic. That was when I planned to take the demon-made monster Baljinak to the front lines and launch an attack.

“Humans. So weak,” I muttered.

One kingdom knight lay face down on the ground. He was groaning in pain as blood spilled out of his stomach. He didn’t know what I had just done to him.

“What . . . is this? Who the hell are you?” he asked, glaring at me.

“Welp. I guess you’ll never know,” I answered flippantly.

I stepped over the poor bastard to look for my next target.

That was when something struck me as odd. I was knee-deep in an ocean of the enemy’s blood. It seemed that I had wiped out all of the kingdom’s knights in the area. Slaughtering them was so easy that I didn’t realize I’d done it.

“What a bore,” I said. “Humans are too easy to kill.”

I languidly lowered my sword and started walking, albeit haphazardly, toward the enemy. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Baljinak. The massive creature sent the kingdom’s knights flying before it eventually crushed them to death.

“Did they really need my help? With this?” I muttered.

No matter how I looked at it, our army was stronger than theirs. Our soldiers were struggling, but they were still striking the enemy down one by one. I couldn’t understand why in the previous battle we had just ran away.

I was so lost in thought that I didn’t notice that another knight was running at me with his sword. “How dare you kill my brothers!” he shrieked.

Before I could hit him, the enemy plunged his sword into my armor.

“Got him!” he shouted.

You must have felt the sword hit me. Sorry, but you didn’t “get” me. Looks like you were dead wrong.

“I pity you. I really do,” I said.

“What?!” the knight yelled.

I smirked as I put my magic to work. The knight, puzzled by a strange feeling, started vomiting blood.

“Guh . . . Does this mean . . . we’re all . . .” the knight trailed off.

After that, he dropped his sword and fell flat on his back. To add insult to injury, I stabbed the knight and dragged the blade from his shoulder down to his spleen. The blood he had vomited dyed his armor dark red.

I took the knight’s sword out of my body. My armor writhed as if it had a life of its own, then instantly closed the gaping wound from the sword. In the end, human efforts were worthless. When faced with inevitable doom, all humans did was throw countless men into battle.

Suddenly, the knight who had vomited blood started groaning.

“What? Still alive?” I inquired.

“If I don’t tell them now . . . they’ll . . .” he trailed off.

“You’re a stubborn one, I’ll give you that,” I replied.

His vacant eyes searched for his comrades. He probably couldn’t see where he was anymore. As I watched the knight crawl toward his men, I decided to put him out of his misery.

But before I got to do that, I caught a glimpse of a black figure.

So, I stopped mid-swing and whipped my sword about to slice whatever it was, but I didn’t hit anything. I looked around but all I saw was my comrades and enemy knights fighting.

“Maybe I’m just seeing things,” I murmured.

I turned back to the dying man and raised my sword to finish him off once again, but then I noticed something.

The knight I had stepped over, the one that was lying face down, was nowhere in sight!

Did he crawl away while I wasn’t looking? That’s impossible. The wound was too deep. He couldn’t have moved that fast.

“What just happened?” I mumbled.

