Chapter 1: The Journey Continues!





I had just been to the Wizardry City of Luqvist.

Together with the two heroes—Inukami-senpai and Kazuki—I’d delivered a letter that warned the city of the Demon Lord’s forces and requested their support.

It was there that I met a young healer, Nack, who was being bullied by his classmate, Mina. I took it upon myself to build Nack up. I put him through a lighter version of the training I’d gone through with Rose, the leader of the Llinger rescue team. Through hard work and perseverance, Nack prevailed over Mina in a battle that the whole school watched, and once the dust had settled, he made the decision to join the rescue team.

With Nack in high spirits and the City of Luqvist agreeing to support the Llinger Kingdom, I parted ways with Inukami-senpai and Kazuki and headed to Samariarl with Aruku and Amako, where we would deliver our next letter.





I sighed.

It had been three days since we left Luqvist. The journey itself was going smoothly, but I couldn’t dispel the anxiety in my heart. The letters in my bag felt like they weighed a ton. Aruku, who was leading our horse a little ways in front of me, turned around at the sound of my sigh.

“Are you worried, Sir Usato?” he asked.

I nodded.

“To be honest, very,” I replied.

The letters we were delivering warned of the Demon Lord’s attack and requested support. Llinger Kingdom had battled the Demon Lord’s forces twice now, and its king entrusted these letters to its two war heroes—Kazuki and Inukami-senpai—and me, a healer with the rescue team. Just a few days ago, we had successfully confirmed the support of the Wizardry City of Luqvist.

“Samariarl, the prayerlands . . .” I muttered.

Samariarl was our next destination, and the first place where I would deliver a letter entirely on my own. This time, I would not have Inukami-senpai or Kazuki’s help, and the anxiety I felt was proof of just how important they were to me.

Aruku saw the gloom clouding my features and offered a little encouragement.

“Try not to worry, Sir Usato; you’ll have us,” he said.

I looked up at Aruku, walking along in front of me. He really was trustworthy.

“There is a limit to what any one person can do on their own,” he continued. “However, we can get through almost anything if we work together and help one another.”

“You’re right. Thanks, Aruku.”

It was just the reminder I needed—I’m not alone.

I had people around me I could rely on. There was the beastkin, Amako, the knight, Aruku, and my trusty partner, Blurin. Llinger Kingdom had entrusted me with an important task, but being with my friends gave me confidence. Together, we’d find a way out of any trouble.

“But you know, I just know I’m still going to be nervous as heck when I have to actually pass the letter over,” I said.

I let out another sigh and thought about the letters stored carefully in my backpack. I was, of course, excited to be starting out on a new leg of our journey, but that was drowned out by the sheer responsibility of our task.

Aruku laughed.

“You’ll be fine,” he said.

“Anybody who knows anything about royal audiences and etiquette is going to see right through me,” I moaned.

“Really? From what I’ve seen, you seem quite good at dealing with people in positions of power.”

“I do . . .?”

“As long as you’re well behaved, I honestly think you’ll be fine. Nobody’s going to expect your manners to be perfect.”

I suddenly pictured Rose. I’d lived under her watch for so long that I’d learned to work with people in power . . . which is to say, I’d learned how to handle a very particular kind of wild beast.

“Yeah, I guess Rose is a person in a position of power, isn’t she?” I admitted.

She was older than me, she was my captain, and she was also my teacher. I looked up to her with a mix of respect and awe.

“So what you’re saying is, I’ll be fine so long as I talk to people the way I talk to Rose?” I asked.

Aruku thought about this for a moment.

“I think as long as you hold off on the extremely aggressive argumentative stuff, yes.”

Oh, so Aruku thinks our conversations are aggressive and argumentative?

Well, he’s not entirely wrong, come to think of it.

“Rose, huh?” I muttered

I wondered how she and the rescue team were doing. I knew they’d be hard at work training like always, but what about Felm? Was she used to her new life and the rescue team yet? I thought of all of their mean mugs and the way they’d push Felm around, and it brought a smile to my face.

“Somebody’s thinking about something fun,” said Amako, stirring me from my thoughts.

“Hm? Fun? Really?”

I wasn’t aware I looked that way. Still, it was true that when I thought of Rose, her ruffians, and everyone in the rescue team, I always smiled. The more I thought about it, the more I realized I really liked the place.

“Are you having fun, Amako?” I asked.

“Huh?”

The question felt completely natural to me, but Amako reacted with surprise, and she dropped into a moment of confusion.

Oh no, now I’ve gone and done it, I thought.

Amako’s mother was in a coma, so of course Amako wasn’t having fun. I felt suddenly ashamed of even asking her such a thoughtless question.

“I’m sorry,” I said. “Forget I said anything.”

“But I am having fun,” replied Amako, her voice just louder than a whisper.

I turned to her, surprised.

“There’s Blurin and Aruku and . . . you, Usato. I’m not alone anymore, and that makes me happy. It’s fun being with you guys.”

She was such a good girl, I couldn’t believe it. I couldn’t even speak.

She’s so pure and innocent, so different from senpai!

From somewhere far, far away, almost like an illusion, I felt like I heard Inukami-senpai’s voice.

“What the heck, Usato?”

I shrugged it off. We’d already parted ways in Luqvist, after all.

“Gwah,” said Blurin, walking up and slapping my legs.

“Hm? What’s up, Blurin?” I asked.

The grizzly growled in response.

I knew it wanted something, but I’d literally just fed it.

“Amako, what does Blurin want?” I asked.

“I think he’s probably hungry.”

The grizzly roared to indicate that Amako was right.

The bear was such a glutton. I was constantly worried that one day it was going to lay waste to our rations. While I was shaking my head in disbelief, however, an object flew at me, and I caught it.

“An apple?” I asked. “Aruku, is this . . .?”

“We’re just starting out on this new leg of our journey,” he said, grinning, “so think of it as a morale boost.”

He was kind and considerate, and he knew his team well. I smiled back, happy to have discovered this new side to the guy. I gave Blurin the apple, which he quickly and happily chewed up. I sighed at the sight.

“You grumble about it all the time,” said Amako, giggling, “but you always go so easy on Blurin.”

It was true. I couldn’t deny it. I knew I could make things tougher bit by bit as the journey went on, or I could slowly lessen the amount of food Blurin ate. For now, I just wanted to enjoy the ride.

“I sure hope this next part of our delivery goes off without a hitch,” I said.

“Indeed,” said Aruku.

A journey without any danger and no trouble to speak of. That was what I hoped for. I touched the Omamori that Inukami-senpai gave me before we parted. I prayed that we had a safe trip.





Chapter 2: Amako’s Worrying Premonition!





I hate my magic.

I hate myself for seeing and knowing the future.

I hate whatever god it was that gave me this power.

But I am grateful to that god for one thing and one thing only—that this magic I hate linked my fate with his.





When I woke up, I was standing in the middle of a big room. It was totally creepy. The floor was covered in an expensive carpet, and above me hung a chandelier. I looked around and saw rubble everywhere. Where there were supposed to be windows, there was only a huge hole in the wall, and everything outside of it was pitch black.

I never once thought to ask why I was here. I just knew that I had to remember as much of what was happening as I possibly could.

I saw Usato and Aruku. Aruku looked exhausted. He leaned on his sword for support as he watched Usato. Usato had his back to me. He was talking to someone.

“You’re an idiot,” he said.

The person he was talking to didn’t respond.

“Regret? Why didn’t you realize sooner? You already have everything you wanted, but you ignored your own wishes. You tried to let go of it all.”

Who is he talking to?

I couldn’t see who it was from where I was standing.

Usato was in bad shape. His rescue team uniform wasn’t torn or anything, but it was covered in soot and dirt. A line of blood trailed from his forehead to his jaw. It looked like he’d been through one heck of a fight.

Usato said something, but I didn’t catch it; then he moved forward and crouched. For a brief second, I saw the person in front of him. I couldn’t see them clearly because of the darkness, but I saw their lips curl as they leaned against the wall, and I saw the fangs they revealed, and then my vision began to waver.

“Usato, watch out!” I cried, trying to jump in front of him.

But at the same time, the person brought out a dagger and moved suddenly toward Usato.

“What?!” cried Usato.

I couldn’t see if he’d been stabbed because he still had his back to me, but I saw drops of blood drip to the ground at his feet.

My vision blurred. I reached out as the sight before me grew distant. It was like falling into a slumber from which I could do no more.

I need to know!

What happened to Usato?!

Does he get hurt?

Is he okay?

He survives, doesn’t he?

Am I going to be alone again?

I don’t want to be alone again . . .

My head spun with thoughts, and my mind filled with terror. This was the way my dreams always were. They ignored me. They showed me what they wanted, and then they ended. They did not show me what happened before, and they did not show me what happened after.





If Usato died, I’d never be able to recover. I never would have thought this if he were just an ordinary healer, but now that I’d traveled with him, I knew—I knew the happiness that came from feeling safe with someone and being able to open your heart to them. I wasn’t worried or scared when we were together. I didn’t feel any of the painful loneliness I did when I was by myself.

I now knew how wonderful a thing it was to be happy, and I did not want to let the feeling go.

But why? Why had I been shown a future in which Usato was stabbed?

This was why I never wanted my precognitive vision. It was the reason my mother didn’t wake up.

But at the same time, it was the reason I met Usato. I was stuck between a present and a future I didn’t want to come true, and it was agonizing. I could see it, but I couldn’t do anything to change it, and it frustrated me beyond belief.

Did my mother ever feel this way?

I had to face a present I couldn’t control and a future I couldn’t escape.

It was the absurdity of what we called fate . . .





* * *





“Hm? You dreamed that I got stabbed?” I asked.

“Yes.”

It had been one week since we left Luqvist. In the morning, I noticed that Amako wasn’t looking well, so I asked her what was wrong. The premonition she shared with us sent a shiver of anxiety through us.

“Uh . . . is it you who stabs me?” I asked.

“I’d never do that to you! Anyway, does it ring any bells with you? Know of anyone who might stab you?”

Amako stared at me very, very intently.

“Ring any bells?! How would I know anything about getting stabbed?”

I felt panicked as I ran through the details again.

Amako’s premonitions always came true. Unless she interfered with things, there was no changing what she saw. Unfortunately, she couldn’t shift the path of the future except in special circumstances, like the time I had stopped the destruction of the Llinger Kingdom.

“And you’re sure it’s true, Miss Amako?” asked Aruku, leading our horse along.

Amako nodded.

“I don’t know exactly when it’s going to happen,” she replied, “but it will happen in the near future.”

“Where does he get stabbed?”

“I don’t know. I think in the stomach.”

I thought about a knife sliding into my stomach.

“That sounds painful,” I muttered.

“Yep,” added a dejected Amako.

A silence drifted between us for a moment.

“Wait, that’s it?” she asked, bewildered.

“Huh?”

What was so scary about getting stabbed in the stomach? Back at the forests of Llinger, I’d been put through an even more harrowing experience when I fought that giant snake. According to Amako, it was only a dagger, so as long as the knife didn’t get me anywhere vital, I could heal myself and strike back.

And if I was being honest, Rose’s fists were far more terrifying—and probably more painful—than any dagger.

“No! Wait wait wait wait WAIT!” cried Amako. “What if the dagger is covered in poison?”

“I’ll heal it with my magic,” I shrugged.

I’d already done that when I fought the snake, so I knew it was possible.

“But you’ll bleed . . .”

“How much?”

“A little.”

If it was just a little blood, then it probably wasn’t so bad. Maybe like a scratch or something.

“So we’re all good then,” I said.

Amako stared at me.

“Wait a sec,” I said. “Quit staring at me like that.”

I could read the amazement on her face. What the heck is wrong with this guy? it said. I didn’t like it at all.

“Sir Usato, it may be best to proceed with caution,” said Aruku. “If we think about what Miss Amako has just told us, then we know that in the near future we’re going to get pulled into something dangerous.”

He was right.

“That’s true,” I said. “Amako, you can’t change that future? You know, like you did back at Llinger?”

Amako shook her head.

Okay, well, that means that one way or another, I’m going to get stabbed.

“Should I start doing more ab workouts?” I asked. “Or is there some way I can knock away the blade before I get stabbed? Wouldn’t it be even quicker if I just KOed the stabber before they got the chance? What do you think, Amako?”

“I told you! It’s the future! It’s going to happen! Why are you saying these things?!”

Well, even if it is decided, I still figure it’s best to do everything I can to avoid it. That’s way better than just doing nothing and regretting that I got stabbed.

“Well, in any case, I’m going to work out. You too, right, Blurin?”

“Grar?!”

“Aha! Just as I thought! Hungry to train, huh?”

I expect nothing less of my trusty partner!

Blurin was so overjoyed about our upcoming training sessions that he slapped me in the legs as we walked.

“Hm . . .” I murmured, looking at Amako.

“Wh-what is it?” she asked.

I’d been thinking about it for a little while now, but Amako was awfully thin. I figured maybe she should work out for the journey ahead.

“Want to join us for training?” I asked. “A bit of muscle might help you out in a pinch.”

“Ew, no way.”

I didn’t think she’d be that put off. In fact, she was so against the idea that she even put some distance between us. I was astonished. Blurin, meanwhile, continued to slap my legs. Aruku watched it all happening and laughed.

Though there was an ominous premonition hanging over us, at least our travels were still peaceful for now.





* * *





When evening came, we started a campfire by the side of the road and huddled around it to rest. When it got dark in these parts, you could only rely on the light of the moon. Monsters were more active at night too. To keep ourselves ready in case of any sudden attacks, Aruku and I worked in shifts doing guard duty.

But I wasn’t sleepy yet, so I decided to chat with Aruku. Amako was already asleep; her back was against Blurin. He was like a giant blue cushion.

“Aruku, how long until we reach Samariarl?”

Aruku added a branch to the fire.

“We’ve still got quite a ways to go,” he replied.

I knew that it was going to take more than a week, but we still had a long road ahead. There were no cars or bullet trains in this world, so going to distant countries took time, and this brought with it a very particular problem.

“We’re running kind of low on food, huh?” I muttered.

“Yes, and we’re going to have to do something about that soon.”

I nodded as Aruku took out his map and gazed at it. Food was a necessity.

“Well, if worse comes to worst, Blurin and I will hunt some fish or animals,” I said.

Blurin growled.

“Don’t act like it’s the end of the world,” I snapped back. “Your appetite is a big part of the reason we’re in this mess to begin with.”

Aruku chuckled, still looking at his map.

“If that’s what it comes to, I’ll lend a hand. I’m not a bad hunter, if I do say so myself.”

Wow, he really can do almost anything. What a stand-up guy.

“That said, hm . . .” murmured Aruku.

“What is it?”

“I’ve heard some weird rumors about the area around the village here.”

“Weird rumors?”

And not about the village itself but the area around it?

I was curious, and Aruku looked serious as he answered.

“They say that capable knights, adventurers, and even bandits have suddenly vanished without a trace in the area around the village,” he said.

“That doesn’t sound weird; that sounds . . . dangerous, no?”

Vanishing without a trace was pretty serious stuff. It was like the rumors people would spread about people being “spirited away” back in my home world. Not unlike being summoned to another world, people could go missing for all sorts of reasons in this world—you could get kidnapped by bandits, attacked by monsters, fall off a cliff . . .

“But they say that some months after it happens—and in some cases, years—the people who vanished come back like nothing happened.”

“What? And they’re okay?”

And what even happened to them while they were gone?

“All I’ve heard is rumors and hearsay, but everyone who vanished and came back doesn’t have any memories of the time in which they were gone.”

“They’ve lost their memories?”

“Maybe they leaped through time, or maybe someone erased their memories—people have all sorts of hypotheses, but the truth is still unclear.”

“When you think about the potential that rare magic is involved, it really could be anything.”

“Yes indeed . . .”

Magic existed in this world, and that changed everything. Even the impossible was, to some extent, possible.

And I wasn’t so comfortable with these kinds of stories. In fact, I tried to avoid ghosts and horror and all of that kind of stuff. Aruku must have noticed that I’d gone pale because he smiled warmly.

“I think we’ll be fine,” he said reassuringly. “I haven’t heard any rumors in the last couple of years. More than likely, it’s just the vivid imaginations of merchants and bandits at play.”

“O-Oh, I uh . . . I see.”

What a relief. I hope it really is just rumors.

My own imagination had almost gotten the better of me, and I’d started imagining that we’d get lost in a mysterious spiritual kidnapping incident, but if it was just rumors, we were probably all good.

Fantasy worlds didn’t need horror. In fact, I didn’t want it to even be allowed.

I really didn’t want to think that ghosts were a thing here . . .

Blurin had been sound asleep, but he let out a short grunt and looked over at the bushes.

“Aruku . . .” I muttered.

“Yep,” he replied, noticing the same thing I had.

He picked up the sword at his side. I gestured with my eyes and stood up. Something was lurking in the area where Blurin was staring.

Is it a monster or someone lying in wait?

Whatever it was, it was hiding and watching us, and it didn’t seem friendly. We left Blurin to look after the still sleeping Amako while Aruku and I slowly neared the bushes.

As soon as I see them, I’m going to give them one big healing punch.

And if it turns out they’re friendly, I’ll apologize later.

If it’s a monster, we’ll just leave it there unconscious.

And if it’s a ghost, I’ll pick everyone up myself and make a break for it.

I focused my healing magic on my fist and put a hand in the bushes.

“Hoo! Hoot hoot!”

“What the?!”

A black object flew past us from the bushes. I leaned backward in surprise and squinted in the direction the object had just gone. It was a rounded thing with big wings.

“An owl . . .?”

The black owl hooted loudly and disappeared into the forest. Aruku let his hand fall from the handle of his sword as he watched the owl; then he chuckled.

“I guess we were both a bit on edge after all that talk of disappearances.”

“I guess so.”

And it was true to say that both of us were pretty tense. We’d have to be a little more relaxed in future.

“But is that what an owl sounds like?” I muttered to myself.

And what was it doing in the bushes, anyway?

I didn’t really know anything about owl calls or their habits, but I couldn’t shake the odd feeling I had as I stared into the darkness of the forest.





* * *





The following day, we continued our journey. Blurin, Amako, and I all walked ahead while Aruku followed behind us with our horse. It was just another day on the road.

Or at least, that’s what I thought.

But then Amako noticed something and put her hand to her ears.

“Miss Amako?” asked Aruku.

“Amako, what’s wrong?” I asked.

She’d picked up something thanks to her heightened sense of hearing. I put my hands to my own ears and focused, trying to listen for a voice from afar.

“. . . lp . . .”

A girl’s voice?

With my human ears, I couldn’t make the sounds out properly, but I knew I heard a voice. We all stopped walking. When we listened closely, we heard something from between the trees, followed by a scream.

“Somebody! Help me!”

It was a girl in need of aid!

“Usato!” cried Amako.

“I’m on it,” I replied. “Aruku, I’m going to check it out!”

I took off running immediately. I didn’t know what was going on, but it was clear from the scream that it was an emergency.

“Be careful!” Amako shouted.

I knew that if I waited for the others, we might be too late. I was the fastest out of all of us, so I would check on things first. At the end of a gentle sloping hill surrounded by trees I saw a number of human figures.

“Who are they?”

I squinted to get a better look. I saw a girl about the same age as me surrounded by a group of men whose clothes were tattered.

“I’ve got you!” I uttered.

She looked unharmed, but the men around her were closing in, and they looked ready to attack her. To make matters weirder, they were all pale skinned, and their eyes were completely and utterly dead. None of them looked to be in their right minds.

“Get down!” I shouted.

The girl noticed me as I came running, and she did as I told her. I launched a healing bullet at the men hounding her. The force of it sent two of them flying.

“Huh? Wha? They’re flying?! Eep!”

The girl’s eyes went wide as I stopped at her side, picked her up, and jumped backward.

First things first—I have to make sure she’s safe.

“Are you okay?!” I asked. “Are you hurt?!”

“Huh?! Um . . . what did you just . . .”

The girl was amazed as she looked up at me. She had shoulder-length hair and beautiful amber-colored eyes. They were wet, perhaps because she was so scared, and as they settled on my own, I gasped.

Oh my goodness. She’s gorgeous. Hm? Is this what they call . . . love at first sight?

“No, wait, that can’t be right,” I muttered.

I’m not the sort of type to fall in love the moment I lay eyes on someone. Maybe it’s because I’ve been around so many eccentric young women. Maybe now I’m hit harder by the ones who are just normal.

Whatever it was, I pushed the thought aside and lowered the girl to the ground.

“My friends will be here shortly,” I said. “I’ll handle these guys in the meantime.”

“Erm, okay.”

That group of men was the main problem at hand. But based on their appearance, they weren’t bandits, and they weren’t monsters, either. They were all decked out in tattered clothes like homeless people, and their arms swung stiffly by their sides. The eyes that watched me from under their hair were dull and lifeless.

“Why are you trying to attack this girl?” I asked.

The men ignored me completely. Even the men I’d knocked down with my healing bullet were slowly standing to their feet as if nothing had happened.

Guess I better put a little fear into them first . . .

“I don’t know why you decided to attack this girl, but . . .” I uttered, shifting my mindset to that of a sadistic, merciless monster.





I ran a hand through my hair and let my glare settle on all the men surrounding us.

“Um, these people, they’re . . .” uttered the girl.

“Get any closer and I’m tearing your arms off,” I said.

“Huh?” said the girl, shocked.

“If you want to keep your limbs then you’ll fess up and tell me what you’re up to. And if you’ve got a leader, then you better prepare for the worst, because I am going to show all of you pieces of trash that there really are fates worse than death.”

That sounds about like something Rose would probably say. Then again, she’d probably say something even more aggressive.

“Er, um . . .” muttered the girl.

“Huh? You say somethin’ . . .?”

I turned to glance at the girl, but the moment she saw me the color drained from her face, and she shook her head wildly.

“No no no no nope! Not a word! I’m so sorry!”

I guess that gang really put an ungodly fear into her.

But none of them were even the slightest bit intimidated by my threat. They shuffled closer.

“Guess you leave me no choice,” I muttered. “Get back!”

I made sure the girl was out of the way; then I silently focused healing magic around my fists. One of the men roared.

“Don’t say I didn’t warn you!”

As one of the weirdos let out a moan and tried to attack me, I clutched his arm, and slammed him in the guts with a healing punch. The man flew some five meters away, his body rolling along the floor until it came to a quiet stop.

I settled back into a fighting stance. I’d held back a little, but I’d hit the guy hard enough to knock him out, I was sure of it.

“How did you even . . .?” the girl uttered.

She was still panicking, but she was taken aback by my first punch. It made me a little sad to think I’d gotten used to the reaction, but I turned my gaze back on the man I’d just punched.

“What was that guy even made of?” I muttered.

Was that guy hiding a steel plate in his shirt? I don’t mean to sound rude, but that didn’t feel at all like punching a human.

I looked around at the other men as the strange sensation pulsed through my fist. Then, the man I’d sent flying slowly rose to his feet.

I couldn’t believe it.

“The hell . . .? How tough are you?”

The guy’s stomach has caved in?! How?

I hadn’t put that much power into my punch, and besides, the punch was covered in my healing magic.

Never mind that! How is he even still standing?!

The creepy gang of men let out moans as they tried to attack me in numbers. I responded by slamming each and every one of them with punches, but they were all extremely tough.

“It feels like I’m punching trees!” I muttered.

Does magic not work on these guys at all? Are they some kind of other creature?

I sent another one of the men flying with a punch, but I was nonetheless stupefied.

“My healing punches are completely ineffective?!”

Is my magic of no use here?

But it was true—my magic wasn’t working, and I couldn’t render any of the attackers unconscious.

I sent another two of the men flying with a spinning kick, then caught one coming from the side and threw him over my shoulder, slamming him hard into the ground.

“What am I supposed to do . . .?” I muttered.

As I let go of the man I’d just thrown, I formed a healing bullet in my palm and launched it into the face of the man coming up to attack me from behind.

It was a new technique: the blinding heal.

First, I obscured the man’s sight with a healing bullet, then slammed him with punches until he flew into a nearby tree. But when the man hit the tree, there was no blood, and no sign of him having been healed by my magic.

“I’m not seeing any healing effects on these guys. What does it mean?”

Everyone I hit slowly rose to their feet. It left me perplexed. How were these guys just walking through my healing attacks? Was this the kind of creature they were? Whatever the case, it was creeping me out.

“Who cares?! Just punch them normally! What are you, stupid?!” said Amako, finally making her arrival.

“Well, I mean, I could, but . . .”

Just then, another man lurched forward, and I put him down with a hard chop.

“I mean, I’m not super insistent on the healing stuff, but it’s worth a try, isn’t it?”

I mean, when it came down to it, the healing punch and its variants were a way for me to put my opponents down without hurting them. But I didn’t have to be so kind—I could just put them down and be done with it.

“You really went to town on these guys, Sir Usato,” said Aruku.

He looked a bit troubled by the situation, but I was glad to see him.

“I didn’t have any other choice,” I replied.

What I knew from throwing down with them was that they were strong, but they were slow. They weren’t demons, but they weren’t humans either. They made me think of wild beasts hungry to devour whatever was put in front of them.

“What the heck are these guys anyway?” I asked.

“Their bodies are a mess, and your healing magic has no effect. It’s the first time I’ve ever seen it, but if I had to guess . . .”

They were odd human-like creatures that were impervious to pain and did not bleed. Aruku looked at them for a little longer before saying exactly what it was he thought they were.

“Zombies.”

It was the name of a monster that was well known even back in my home world.

“Zombies? For real?”

“They’re corpses that can still move, no matter the injury, and while they might be plodding, they wield a strength beyond any ordinary human.”

So they weren’t really humans at all. They were a type of monster.

I knew a little about the zombies in this world. I’d only ever read about them in books, but zombies were a kind of monster that could be summoned by other monsters. They worked as puppets for the monster that controlled them. But unlike the zombies in my home world, you wouldn’t turn into one if you were bitten or scratched.

“So if we’ve got zombies here, then something is controlling them somewhere nearby, right?” I asked.

“It’s very likely,” replied Aruku.

Well, at least now I know why my healing magic wasn’t working.

Zombie bodies were already dead, and healing magic only worked on the living, so it all made sense. And that meant there was no more need to use it.

“Boy, I sure wish we had Kazuki’s light magic at our disposal,” said Aruku. “That would work a real treat here, it being holy and everything. However . . .”

Aruku unsheathed his sword and flames crept through the blade as he slashed at the nearest zombie and set it alight. It was fire magic—Aruku had imbued his blade with his fire magic at the same time as he unsheathed it.

That. Was. So. Cool! What do you even call something like that? The most stylish of fire starters?

While I was silently in awe of Aruku’s magic, the zombie at the end of his attack let out something akin to a terrified cry as it burned.

“Zombies are weak to fire,” explained Aruku. “Leave the rest to me!”

“All yours,” I said.

In the face of Aruku’s flaming blade, the zombies scattered like baby spiders.

So zombies are weak to fire, huh? Then again, hitting them did feel like punching a dead tree.

“Amako, is the girl okay?”

“Yes,” said Amako, her hood up to hide her ears. “She seems unhurt.”

The girl then walked past Amako and up to me.

“You rescued me from danger,” she said, bowing politely. “Oh, um, I’m Nea! And, erm, thank you!”

“You’re . . . welcome . . .”

With the zombies gone, the fear in the air dissipated, and Nea’s smile was blinding in its beauty. She pointed it right at me, and I was so taken that I couldn’t even hold her gaze.

I don’t know why, but when I looked into Nea’s amber eyes, I felt like my heart was being swallowed up.





“So you live in a village nearby?” I asked.

“Yes.”

Nea had left her village to gather herbs but found herself encountering a pack of zombies. That was when we found her. She said she wanted to thank us and insisted on taking us to her village.

“Still, I’m shocked . . .” I muttered.

The reason for my surprise was that, for whatever reason, Nea wasn’t the slightest bit afraid of Blurin. All of Luqvist’s students had been petrified of the grizzly, but Nea showed none of that fear and even smiled at him. Perhaps it was because she had the guts to go exploring around her village—maybe she was braver than I thought.

“You wield an amazing magic, Usato,” said Nea.

“Me? What magic?” I asked.

“I’ve never seen anyone send zombies flying around like that or fire off magic projectiles so fast. Is it a strength-boosting magic? Or are you using wind magic to increase your own speed? Or wait, is it something rare like gravity magic?”

Is this like a long-winded way of trying to say that what I did was beyond human?

“Heh.”

And did Amako just chuckle?

I glared at the beastkin, her shoulders trembling beneath her hood-covered head. I tried to muster a natural smile under the weight of Nea’s sparkly, glimmering eyes.

That pure-hearted smile is far too much for one as sullied as I . . .

“Well, actually, I’m a healer,” I admitted.

“Huh? A healer? But isn’t healing magic for . . . healing?”

“Yeah. In that fight back there, I wasn’t really using any magic. It was mostly just martial arts.”

Nea was astonished. She probably never imagined that I used healing magic, which was largely considered useless outside of healing.

“So that means . . . just before . . .”

“That was just fists and feet,” said Amako. “It’s okay to be surprised. Usato is your stereotypical brainless brawler.”

Calm down, Usato. Calm down. You’re in front of Nea, after all. You can punish Amako for her big mouth later . . .

Aruku laughed and said, “Well, one thing Miss Amako is right about is that Usato is unconventional. He’s not what you expect. But lots of lives have been saved thanks to his efforts.”

Nea snapped back to her senses as Aruku kindly saved my pride. She turned to me apologetically, as if she’d just done something rude.

“I was just surprised!” she said. “I never meant to say you were stupid or any such thing! I would never!”

Nea was right up in my face, and I struggled to give a calm reply.

“Uh, it’s okay,” I stammered. “Don’t worry about it.”

This girl was so different from any girl I’d met until now. She wasn’t as outrageously curious as Inukami-senpai, and she wasn’t as bright and cheerful as Ururu. If I had to compare her to anything, it would be an abandoned puppy.

“Um, you’re a little close, Nea,” I said.

I could practically feel her breath on me.

“Ah! I’m sorry!” she cried, backing off as she blushed.

I felt my own face flush in response.

Wait a second. Tell me this isn’t what I think it is . . .

“Hmph!”

A moment after her harumph, Amako threw a beautiful side kick right into my shin.

“Wha?! Amako, what was that for?!”

Are you going through a rebellious phase or something?

“I can see your future, and a woman is going to take advantage of you. I swear on it.”

“WHAT?!”

What was that supposed to mean? I wouldn’t have cared if it was anyone else saying that, but Amako could actually see the future! Now I would be anxious for the rest of eternity!

“I can’t even look at you,” she said, “all tongue out and panting like a dog.”

“Wait, enough of that, were you talking about a premonition just now?”

Amako said nothing.

“Don’t give me the silent treatment, please . . .”

Nea seemed to relax at the sight of us, and she giggled bashfully.

“I think I might have gotten too excited,” she said. “It’s been so long since I saw anyone who didn’t live in our village.”

“You mean people don’t visit the village?” asked Aruku.

A gloom fell across Nea’s face.

“Unfortunately not.”

After a short silence, Nea opened up.

“Ever since the zombies appeared, they’ve been a real headache.”

I could see that. I wouldn’t want to go anywhere near a village that had those creepy monsters lurking nearby. Merchants probably steered clear, too, which would make daily life more of a struggle. That must have been why an ordinary girl like Nea was out on her own gathering herbs.

“Do you know why the zombies appeared?” I asked.

“No, we don’t have the faintest clue.”

If we at least knew who was controlling them, we’d be able to come up with a plan to fight back.

“Oh, here we are!” said Nea, pulling me from my thoughts.

I looked ahead and saw the entrance to a village lined with old houses. It was a bigger place than I had expected. It reminded me a lot of countryside farms back in my home world.

“This is the village where I’ve spent my whole life, Ieva Village.”

Nea looked relieved to finally be back home. I looked around. The village had a simple wooden fence delineating its territory, but it wasn’t particularly strong—anybody could have entered if they wanted to.

“Nea!”

The voice came from an elderly woman, who quickly came running over.

“Tetra!”

“I’m so glad you’re safe! You left without a word, and I was so worried!”

The old woman wrapped Nea in a hug.

“I’m sorry, but . . . we’re running out of herbs,” said Nea.

“We’re fine for medicine . . . and besides, I was going to have a few of the young men go out gathering anyway. Oh, I’m so glad you’re back safe. Who are these people with you?”

“I was attacked by zombies, and these travelers saved me,” explained Nea, pulling away from Tetra’s embrace to face us. “Everyone, this is Tetra. She’s . . . like a mother to me.”

Tetra seemed suspicious of us at first, but when she heard that we’d saved Nea, her expression relaxed.

“Thank you so much for rescuing Nea,” she said. “She’s got far too much guts for her own good, I tell you . . . I don’t know how I can ever thank you enough.”

“Te-Tetra!” said Nea, blushing. “Not in front of guests, please! Don’t talk about me like that!”

I was curious about their relationship after what Nea said, but they really did seem like a family.

“No thanks necessary,” I said. “We just did what anyone would have done.”

Did I just say the most stereotypical thing ever?

Either way, I’d kind of always wanted to say it, and I was surprised at how easily it came out.

“In any case, come on into the village. We can talk more there!” said Nea.

“Yes, indeed we can,” said Tetra. “Let’s see . . . three people, a horse, and a baby-blue grizzly, yes? Well, those two will probably be best in the stables.”

We followed Nea and Tetra into the village. There were lots of other villagers there, tending to the fields or looking after horses and cows. They probably weren’t used to seeing visitors because we drew a lot of attention.

“You look very tired from your journey. How about spending a night here?” Tetra asked.

“We appreciate the gesture, but we’ll be fine, really,” said Aruku. “We couldn’t burden you like that.”

Aruku was right. We had a duty to deliver letters, and we didn’t want to impose on anyone. However, in response to Aruku, Tetra shook her head.

“You must rest when you have the chance to rest,” she said. “And you have a child with you, after all. Getting proper rest is essential. Otherwise, you could faint or be exhausted when it’s most important. Isn’t it best to be in tip-top shape for the journey ahead?”

“Yes, but . . .”

“And besides, it’s always best to accept the kindness of the elderly. Who knows how long we’ve got left!”

The old woman chuckled happily, so Aruku gave up. He smiled, as did Nea.

“Did she call me a child?” muttered Amako. “I’m fourteen.”

The beastkin girl was perturbed.

Unfortunately, given her height, it was easy to think she was younger than she was.

“Heh.”

“Did you just laugh, Usato?”

“Who, me? No way.”

Amako’s face flushed red as she pounded on my back. Revenge tasted wonderful.

I will never forget when I have been humiliated . . . most of the time! And when it’s time for payback, I’ll make you pay . . . if at all possible!

I smiled at how good it felt. Aruku turned to us.

“Sir Usato, Miss Tetra may be right. We’re probably tired from all the traveling, so shall we stay here the night?”

“Sounds good to me.”

I was used to sleeping on the ground now, but that didn’t mean it was very comfortable. And while I felt a little guilty about it, I thought it was fine to accept Tetra and Nea’s generosity. Aruku told the old woman as much, and she beamed.

“Great! Well then, let me show you to the stables where the horse and your blue grizzly can sleep.”

Finally, a chance to relax. Sometimes it’s nice to have people dote on you a little.

The thought felt all the more natural as I looked at the easy smiles on both Tetra and Nea’s faces.





Chapter 3: A Village Wrapped in Fear!





While Blurin and our horse were taken to the village stables, the rest of us followed Tetra and Nea to their home—a large, wooden two-story house. I was amazed by the sheer size of it, but even more surprised to discover that it was big enough to house even Aruku, Amako, and me in our own separate rooms.

“Admittedly, the place is a little too big for just the two of us,” said Nea, mustering a lonely smile.

The three of us relaxed in our rooms until evening, when Nea came and told us that dinner was ready. We all went downstairs to a table easily big enough for six, filled with dishes Nea and Tetra had prepared.

Tetra urged us all to take a seat. She gave Amako a puzzled look.

“Why do you insist on wearing your hood inside, child?” she asked.

I’d been with Amako since the start, so I often forgot that she was a beastkin. But when the realization hit, Aruku and I froze, which only made Tetra and Nea more suspicious.

Amako then began to remove her hood.

“Wait, Amako!” I said, surprised.

Amako shook her head as if to tell me not to worry, then revealed her lustrous golden hair and fox-like ears.

“These two are okay,” said Amako. “I see it.”

You see it? Like a premonition?

I looked over at our two hosts. Tetra’s eyes were a little wide with surprise, and Nea had both hands over her mouth—she was even more surprised than Tetra was. Just as I was about to say something to try and smooth things over, Tetra burst into laughter.

“What a surprise!” she exclaimed. “I never would have thought you were hiding such an adorable little one among you!”

I was so taken aback by the unexpected response that I let out a goofy sounding “Huh?”

“Humans and beastkin are all the same to me,” said Tetra. “It’s just a matter of ears and tails, really. I’m not so small-minded that I’ll denounce others for such things, and besides, I wouldn’t be so ungrateful as to criticize the people who just saved my Nea from danger. That said, best keep your ears hidden from the others—they aren’t all as open as I am.”

Amako nodded. It really seemed like she’d be able to get by at Nea and Tetra’s home without having to be on guard all the time.

“I’m so surprised, Amako!” said Nea, staring in awe. “You’re a real beastkin!”

Nea didn’t bear any ill will. It was clear to everyone that she was just filled with innocent curiosity.

“All the way here, I kept thinking about how you and Usato seemed so close, but now I can see that you two have a really unique relationship. You don’t often hear about humans and beastkin traveling together.”

“Well, yeah. We know it’s not common,” I said.

We’d learned at Luqvist just how strange a concept it was to most. But for us, Nea’s reaction was even more puzzling. I’d never seen demihuman racism up close, so I had no idea to what extent the beastkin were hated by ordinary humans, but I did know that Tetra and Nea’s reaction to us wasn’t common.

“Well, let’s save the talk for later and get started, shall we?” said Tetra. “Best eat it before it goes cold!”

“Yes, you’re right,” said Nea. “Please everyone, help yourselves.”

While we were traveling, we’d only eaten fruit and jerky, so warm soup was a real treat.





* * *





We all loved having warm food for dinner. We were served tea afterward.

“The meal was delicious,” I said.

Tetra beamed at the compliment.

“I am so glad to hear it,” she said. “There’s nothing like a homecooked meal, is there? Well then, I’d best get started on washing the dishes.”

“Oh, please, let me help . . .” started Nea.

“I won’t hear of it. We have guests here, so it’s your job to keep them company.”

So saying, Tetra left for the kitchen. Left to her own devices, Nea looked a little unsure about what to do next. I wondered if perhaps I should kickstart a new topic of conversation, but before I could, Aruku spoke up.

“I’m just wondering about those zombies from earlier,” he said. “When did they start appearing in the area?”

“Huh?”

Nea looked flustered by the question. I was also a little surprised—there was a clear interrogatory tone in his voice. I couldn’t help wondering if something about the zombies bothered him.

“Oh, that . . .” said Nea, not sure how to answer.

“Zombies don’t come about naturally,” said Aruku. “As a monster, they’re always raised by someone or something, and they’re under that person’s control.”

Aruku’s tone was still serious, and Nea looked anxious.

“Aruku?” I said, but then stopped myself.

I wasn’t sure what exactly Aruku wanted to say, but I knew he wasn’t the type to be unnecessarily interrogative, either. I decided it was best to see where he was going with this.

“There is someone, isn’t there?” said Aruku. “I’d wager that everyone at the village knows that someone is up to something.”

Nea let out a little whimper.

“Miss Nea,” said Aruku. “I understand that you may not want to drag us into the village’s affairs, but will you please open up to us about this?”

Now I understood what Aruku was trying to get out of Nea. When I’d first asked her about the zombies, she’d told me she didn’t know anything, but that was a lie. The truth was she knew that someone had summoned them. Maybe she even knew where that someone was.

“Hel . . .” said Nea, her voice no louder than a whisper.

She kept her head down, but slowly, she put together a sentence.

“Please . . . help us. Help the village,” she said tearfully.

At first, I wasn’t sure what to say. I wasn’t surprised at the fact that the village had its back against the wall because of zombies, but I wasn’t sure if we could take up such a request so easily, either. It was our duty to deliver letters across the lands. Didn’t that mean we would have to deny any requests that would slow us down?

“But . . .” I muttered to myself.

As a member of the Llinger rescue team, I wanted nothing more than to help Nea and her village.

“For starters, will you tell us what you know?” asked Aruku.

Nea wiped her eyes and nodded.

“The zombies appeared out of nowhere about two years ago. They came from the graveyard on the outskirts of the village. It was as if all of the buried villagers were zombies all of a sudden.”

“And what did they do?”

“They turned the village upside down and injured lots of our people, but then . . . they went somewhere.”

Two years ago? That put them at around the time of the Demon Lord’s return. I wondered if the two things were connected. Either way, the zombies that had been summoned were all former villagers.

“That’s horrible,” I muttered.

It was beyond awful to think that the villagers had buried their former family and friends only for someone to use those corpses to terrorize the village.

“Ever since then, the zombies have attacked us and any merchants and travelers walking nearby. Nobody’s willing to go anywhere near our village anymore.”

“What would make the zombies do that?” Aruku mused.

“I don’t know . . . but there’s a manor a little ways from the village, and we know that the mastermind behind it all lives there.”

Nea looked out the window. It was dark and there was little to be seen out there, but it was likely that she was staring in the direction of the manor.

“Unfortunately, there are zombies around the manor day and night. We can’t get anywhere near him.”

“Him?”

The zombie summoner is a guy, then?

Nea spoke as if she knew who it was, and she looked at Aruku, Amako, and me before mustering the courage to speak again.

“It’s a necromancer. A lord of the dead and a monster that commands and controls corpses. He’s made the manor into his home.”

“A . . . necromancer?” I asked.

I remembered that it was a monster written about in a book Rose gave me, but I couldn’t remember much about them clearly. I knew that they controlled the undead, and . . . they were highly intelligent . . .

I think? Was there anything else about them in that book?

“Hm . . .” I murmured

“Sir Usato, shall I explain?” asked Aruku.

“Yes, please.”

I can never seem to find the info when I most need it. I guess I’ll fish that book out of my backpack and give it another read.

“A necromancer, also known as a spirit shaman, is a monster extremely similar to a human,” said Aruku.

“It’s not a demihuman?”

When I thought of “similar to human,” I thought of beastkins and demons.

“Demihumans are flesh and blood creatures like us humans. But monster bodies are formed from magical energy. This is how humans and monsters are differentiated.”

“I see.”

“Every monster type with a near human form is extremely intelligent. They don’t just respond to situations by mere instinct, they consider the circumstances before acting. That makes them noticeably different from your run-of-the-mill monster.”

Which would mean that any such monster would potentially be capable of sneaking into a human community unnoticed.

“The necromancer can raise any corpse to work as its servant. This means humans, demihumans, and even wild beasts. They’re dangerous because they can take control of any creature that is dead.”

“Controlling corpses, huh?” I muttered.

If a dangerous beast like Blurin were to become a zombie, it would be way more than the villagers could handle.

“What’s more, necromancers are among the most intelligent of monsters. Those zombies may simply be wandering around randomly for now, but if they’re made to work together under the command of the necromancer, we may not be able to hold them off.”

“Are they really that much of a handful?” I asked.

“Sir Usato, you managed to handle ten on your own, but even you would struggle against greater numbers.”

I didn’t want to admit it, but Aruku was probably right. If I had space to run then I could create distance and pick them off, but if I had to take a necromancer on at the same time, I could be cornered and even overwhelmed.

“What a pain . . .” I murmured.

I summarized all the key points in my head. Necromancers were super smart, and they controlled the dead. They looked just like humans and could even pass for humans in human communities. This combination of attributes made them very dangerous monsters.

“Aruku, how strong is a necromancer?” I asked.

“The necromancer itself is not a particularly strong monster. Their strength is in group battles. Zombies are like pieces on a chess board for them—tools for achieving particular goals. Outside of people like yourself, who have powerful physical abilities, taking on zombies isn’t easy. I wield fire magic, yes, but my magic reserves aren’t infinite—the truth is, we’re at a disadvantage in any battle of attrition.”

In other words, when I thought of it like the game shogi back home, the necromancer was the king, and the zombies were its foot soldiers. What an annoying foe. We didn’t even know how many zombies the necromancer was controlling.

“I wonder what the necromancer wants,” I said.

That was the million-dollar question—why did it choose to attack Ieva Village? If it had already turned the village’s dead into zombies, why even bother with the village proper? Even if the goal was to kill off the surviving villagers and make them into zombies, it didn’t seem particularly efficient.

“It doesn’t make sense,” said Aruku. “If it just wants to summon zombies, I don’t know why it’s so insistent on this village.”

“Is it possible it just wants to torment the villagers?”

“It’s possible, but necromancers are very intelligent. It seems unlikely that one would go to all this trouble just for a little fun. Perhaps it has some reason of its own for being here.”

“I’d much prefer them to just be greedy and on a rampage than to have to deal with something that has motives and a plan,” I said.

The most dangerous and troublesome people to deal with were the ones who were strategic about their chaos. The snake in Llinger forest was a good example—it made a show of going completely wild, but it was cool and calculative in its attempts to kill me.

There were all sorts of ways to deal with hoodlums and bandits, but I’d never imagined we’d be looking at having to deal with a necromancer. In a longer battle, we could take out the zombies little by little and then deal with the necromancer last, but that wouldn’t be so easy for us, given our limited time.

“Erm . . .” muttered Nea.

“Hm?”

“Er, no. It’s fine,” she said.

“What is?”

“Our village. Us. You’ve already saved my life once, and I feel like it’s rude of me to ask for your help again. So please, don’t think any more of it. We’ll be fine.”

She spoke each word with a certain sorrow, and I felt my cheeks twitch as I listened.

Like hell I’m just going to leave you all like this . . . You look at me with that kind of despair dripping from your eyes and you expect me to be all like, “Alright then, catch you later!”? The guilt alone would crush me into dust.

Aruku leaned over while I was lost in my own thoughts and whispered.

“Sir Usato,” he said.

“Yeah?” I whispered back.

“With something as strong as the Demon Lord around, it’s safe to say that anything could happen. Nowhere is completely out of his reach.”

“You mean this necromancer might be somehow influenced by the Demon Lord?”

“It’s certainly a possibility.”

Was the Demon Lord involved in this? If he was, then this was not a problem we could simply ignore.

“That said, you have the authority here,” said Aruku. “I will follow your orders.”

So the decision is mine, then.

Being that Aruku was working as our protection, his logic was sound, but that did not make things any easier. I decided to check with Amako.

“What do you think, Amako?” I asked.

“I’ll go along with whatever you decide,” she replied. “I think you should do what you think is right.”

I felt their eyes on me. I let out a sigh. In front of us was Nea, waiting with worry and uncertainty. I did not think she would begrudge us even if we left her here without doing anything to help. If we put our duties first, we could also avoid confronting a dangerous monster.

I sighed again.

Abandoning Ieva village simply wasn’t an option. If I gave up on Nea and her village, I would regret it for the rest of my life. I didn’t want to carry that around with me—I’d much rather try and fail than not try anything at all.

“Aruku, physical attacks work on necromancers, yes?” I asked.

“They have a physical form, so yes.”

Well, at least that’s one thing less to worry about.

I looked Nea in the eyes, then I lifted my hand up to my chest and closed it into a fist.

“If we can knock it out, then we’ve got a chance,” I said. “So let’s kick this necromancer into the next dimension and bring peace back to Ieva.”

Aruku and Amako nodded.

I didn’t like the idea of leaving such a monster to its own devices, especially one that turned the dead into puppets and used them to put a village in danger.

Nea put her hands to her mouth and shook with so much awe that I felt suddenly worried for her.

“Thank you . . . thank you so much . . . I’ve been so scared . . .”

“Wait. Please. No tears,” I said.

Happiness is fine, just no crying, I beg you.

Her voice was shaking, and she had her head in her hands. I didn’t have the faintest idea what to say.

“I heard what you were all talking about,” said Tetra, entering the room as she dried her hands with a towel.

“Tetra!” exclaimed a teary-eyed Nea.

“I missed some while I was away, but I got the gist of it, anyway,” Tetra said as she took a seat next to Nea. “I owe you all thanks. It’s not just Nea anymore—it’s all of us that you’re trying to save. But we cannot leave that task to you alone.”

“What do you mean?” I asked.

Tetra smiled.

“I will talk to the village chief tomorrow. I will suggest that we gather our young and healthy to march on the manor and that monster together. After all, it can’t hurt to have more help, yes?”

“The more help we have, the better our strategy will work,” said Aruku.

Which meant the chances of success rose too. Still, we were dealing with a monster that had protection. Even if the necromancer was physically weak, how would we get around its foot soldiers?

This was not a case of me just punching everything into submission. We would have to work together to bring the necromancer down. But first, we had to get to bed early tonight, so we could rest our bodies and our minds in preparation for what was to come.





* * *





It had been a long time since I’d slept in a soft bed. I woke feeling surprisingly well rested. Amako, too, didn’t have to worry about keeping her guard up, so accepting Tetra’s kindness turned out to be the right call.

Now that I was feeling in tip-top condition, I left the house at first light.

“So much nature around,” I said to myself. “The scenery is so different from last night.”

The dark evening sky had given way to a gentle dawn. I let out a deep breath and took it all in. The sunrise was one of a few things that was the same here as it was back in my home world. Here, too, the day started when the sun went up and ended when it went down. Even in a world of magic and monsters, that hadn’t changed.

“Well, time for training,” I muttered.

I threw myself straight into some warm-up exercises. Ever since we’d begun on our journey, I made sure to train every morning.

Once I was done warming up, I walked over to a nearby tree and looked up at a thick branch about three meters up. I gave the tree trunk a gentle punch to test its strength.

Yep, nice and stable.

I leaped up and grabbed the branch, then lifted myself up, hooked the back of my knees on the branch, then let myself fall back until I was hanging upside down. Then I started doing sit-ups.

After hearing Amako’s premonition, I decided I needed to work my abs more, and this was what I came up with. To be honest, I had no idea if the sit-ups were going to be any help at all, but that didn’t make them pointless. Even without Amako’s premonition, I still had plenty of reason to throw myself into my training.

I let out a breath with each sit up and thought about preparations for our fight against the necromancer in the manor.

I firmly believed that hard work told no lies, and that it always paid off.

For me, that meant training. I always went deeper, faster, and harder—always aiming for the results that came after all the exhaustion and hard work.

“What am I, a workout bro now?” I muttered to myself.

But the truth was I’d become that a long time ago.

I spent thirty or forty minutes doing sit-ups and healing myself without rest. Once my body felt nice and warm, I dropped down to the ground and did some light stretching.

“Getting brighter already,” I said as the sun inched farther into the sky, giving me a clearer view of the whole village. “The place looks so peaceful like this . . .”

It was so quiet and so peaceful that it was hard to believe that Ieva had ever been attacked by zombies. Unfortunately, someone had come along to take that peaceful village and plunge its residents into fear.

“Well, may as well keep training.”

I took a deep breath to settle my thoughts, then jumped up once again and grabbed the tree branch. Now it was onto one-armed chin-ups. However, before I could get started, I noticed a shadow at the door and dropped back down to the ground.

“Hm?”

Who would be up at this time in the morning?

The person at the door noticed me and timidly came outside.

“Nea?”

“Sorry to bother you . . .”

“No, I’m sorry,” I replied. “Did I wake you?”

“Oh, erm, no! I’m always up early, and I noticed you weren’t in your room, so . . .”

She smiled awkwardly. I laughed.

“Okay, okay. I see.”

So she’d realized I was training and had come to take a look. I got the feeling that, based on her personality, Nea never really knew how to start a conversation.

“Do you always train like this?” Nea asked.

“Yep.”

“Um, Usato, are you using your healing magic when you work out?”

“Uh, not quite.”

In the beginning, that’s exactly what I did, but now things were a bit different. Ever since the battle with the Demon Lord’s army, I’d changed up my approach. I was more thoughtful about when I used my healing magic.

“Healing magic heals exhaustion, which is good because you don’t get tired,” I explained, “but it’s inefficient to use it all the time. It makes the training a bit pointless.”

“So . . .?”

“So I train until I hit my limit, and then I use my healing magic. I just do that over and over.”

I didn’t know if it was the best way or the right way to do things, but I kept doing it because I could feel that I was getting stronger.

“I can’t believe that you can use healing magic that way,” said Nea. “It’s inhuman.”

“Huh?”

“Er, nothing.”

I feel like I just heard something I shouldn’t have heard. Is that who Nea really is? Calm and placid on the outside but harsh on the inside? I’m kind of surprised, honestly.

“Speaking of which, where are you from, Usato?”

“Uh, what?”

I tilted my head in confusion at the sudden question.

“You never told me where you came from,” said Nea.

“Oh, that’s what you mean? Where am I from, huh . . .?”

Oh, you know, just another world. Yeah, that’s not going to fly.

Unlike Kiriha and Kyo, who’d become friends I could trust, I didn’t think it was wise to tell a girl I’d just met that I’d been summoned from another world. She might not even believe me, anyway.

“I’m from Llinger Kingdom,” I said.

“That’s so far away . . . but what brings you on this journey? I know you’re passing through on your way to Samariarl, but you don’t look like merchants.”

“Hm . . .” I murmured.

Just how much can I tell her? Well, there’s no need to bring up Amako’s mom, that’s for sure. Maybe it’s enough just to tell her that we’re delivering letters warning nations about the threat of the Demon Lord and his army.

I gave Nea a brief rundown of our circumstances.

“Wow,” she said in awe once I’d finished. “That doesn’t sound like an easy journey.”

“Maybe, but we still have to do it,” I replied. “If we sit back and do nothing, it could mean the end of the world as we know it.”

“The Demon Lord,” Nea murmured.

“Have you heard of him here at the village?”

“Yes, I’ve been told that he’s a terrifying force.”

Whether you believed in him or not, his presence alone was something that had spread far and wide. And for all I knew, he’d had some kind of influence on the necromancer here. I didn’t like the idea, but I had to consider that perhaps an intelligent monster was up to something reckless, and the result of that was what was happening here at Ieva.

“The Demon Lord was defeated by the hero long before I was born,” said Nea.

I laughed at how silly her words sounded. I wondered if she was a bit of an airhead.

“Well, yeah, that was hundreds of years ago, so of course it was before you were born.”

“Hee hee. Good point.”

We shared a smile.

Talking about it made me wonder, though—what kind of a person was the hero who came before Senpai and Kazuki? The stories were like fairy tales and legends now, and it didn’t seem like there was any way to know.

“But it’s quite scary to think that the demons are going to attack,” said Nea.

“But you know what? When you actually meet them, they’re not so scary. The one back at the rescue team is your run-of-the-mill competitive meathead.”

I thought of Felm, who was being put through the paces back at Llinger Kingdom. Nea reacted to my words with amazement.

“So it’s not just beastkin like Amako? You’re also acquaintances with a demon?”

“Yeah, it just kind of ended up that way. She’s not a bad person at heart.”

On the battlefield, she was the merciless black knight, but underneath all that armor, she was just another young girl. Well, a young girl with an attitude problem.

“I hope you don’t think me rude for saying so, but I can’t help thinking that people like you are quite rare, Usato,” said Nea.

“Yeah, I’m well aware of that. The moment I was put under the care of the captain—that is to say, my teacher—I’ve been treated like something of a rare beast.”

It made me sad to say the words aloud.

A rare beast, Usato? Really?

“But actually, I’m kind of jealous of you,” admitted Nea.

“Jealous? Of me?”

She was jealous of me? A guy who, since arriving in this new world, had spent half of his new life doing backbreaking training?

“Because you’ve been able to experience so much. In the course of simply living your life, you met rare species like demons and beastkin. In comparison, I . . .”

Nea’s voice trailed off, and an emptiness filled her eyes as she stared into the distance.

Wow, things just got kind of heavy.

“I’ve lived here since the day I was born,” said Nea. “I’m so used to this place that I’m sick of it. I know everyone at the village inside and out. So now it’s only when we get visitors that I can ever learn something new. Travelers are the only people who can sate my curiosity and quench my thirst for knowledge.”

“And Tetra can’t teach you anything?”

Tetra looked full of information. But in response to my question, Nea giggled.

“For as long as I can remember, Tetra has looked after me, and she’s taught me a lot. But even for her there’s a limit.”

I figured that was true enough. Even the wisest and most knowledgeable of people could only teach so much. But even aside from that fact, I felt something more persistent in Nea than mere curiosity.

“Knowledge is a treasure that is abundant in this world,” said Nea. “I know you have an important duty to see through, but you are allowed a life of freedom beyond a mere village, and that, well . . . that makes me envious.”

Whoa, heavy much?! First Nack, now Nea? I’m not a counselor. I’m not a therapist, either. Why do I keep running into people with major life issues?! Is this how young kids in the countryside feel? Kids who long for freedom? But what am I supposed to do about your problems? Healing magic doesn’t heal the heart, you know!

Nea must have noticed the look on my face because her eyebrows drooped, and she got suddenly flustered.

“Oh, uh . . . I’m so sorry I brought up something so stupid! None of it is your fault, Usato . . .”

“No, I’m sorry. I could have been a little more sensitive.”

Could the situation have gotten any more awkward? I didn’t think so.

It was all the necromancer’s fault, if you asked me. It was because of the necromancer that nobody was visiting the village anymore. I put all the responsibility building in my heart on that monster’s shoulders, then decided to get back to work.

“Well then, I’m going to get back to training,” I said.

“Oh, of course. I’ll prepare a delicious breakfast for you all!”

“Can’t wait.”

Nea gave a small, polite bow, then headed back to her house. I watched her go and thought about our talk.

“Knowledge, huh?” I muttered.

Perhaps there was nowhere in the village where people hungry to study could get their fill. For Nea, conversations with travelers and merchants were chances for her to broaden her horizons and learn more about the world.

“And it’s not like I can just tell her to go out there and explore . . .”

Nea was no older than I was. It was just plain irresponsible to tell her to get out there and explore a world filled with monsters and bandits.

“So I guess the best I can do is just KO that necromancer.”

I jumped up and grabbed hold of the tree branch and got back to my one-armed chin-ups.





* * *





Aruku and I were invited to the village chief’s house at around noon. Amako had to hide her ears when she was around the villagers, so she stayed with Nea at Nea’s house. All in all, it was Aruku, me, Tetra, the village chief, and five other men.

The village chief had already heard from Tetra that we wanted to take down the necromancer, so we got straight down to business.

However, the village chief was not to be easily convinced.

“I appreciate your valor,” he said, looking a little grave as he stroked his beard. “But it’s not so easy for me to just let you go out there to fight that monster.”

“May I ask why?” asked Aruku.

“Drawing the ire of the necromancer could put our entire village in danger. We may be wiped out completely. I don’t even know how strong any of you are.”

Ah, so he doesn’t want to make matters worse by attacking haphazardly.

“What do you think, Aruku?” I asked.

Aruku nodded to himself and turned to the village chief.

“I am adept at fire magic, which is very effective against zombies. Usato here is so strong that he can brutalize a gang of zombies entirely on his own. In terms of sheer battle power, it’s safe to say he surpasses even an experienced mage.”

“He can fight zombies . . .?” asked a villager.

“And brutalize them . . .?” asked another.

Aruku, “brutalize” is going a little too far, wouldn’t you say? I mean, you’re not wrong, but surely there was a nicer way to put it. Especially when all the villagers are staring at me like that . . .

“Tetra, is what this man says true?” asked the chief.

“I did not see it myself, but Nea did, and she said it was so.”

“She’s not the type to tell tall tales, either,” murmured the village chief. “Well then, how do you intend to fell the necromancer?”

“With a diversionary strategy,” replied Aruku.

“A diversion, you say?”

“Indeed. I will act as the decoy and lead the zombies away from the manor so that Usato and another one of our allies can get into the manor undetected. Once there, Usato will hunt down the necromancer and pacify it.”

It was a simple strategy, to be sure. Simple and easy to understand.

“Will it really be so easy to get inside the manor?”

“Our friend wields exceptional search and tracking magic. It will not be a problem.”

Now I understood Amako’s role in the strategy. She’d use her premonition magic to find openings in the security so we could get inside. She was essentially a zombie radar. Then, while the necromancer was focused on its zombies, I’d sneak up on it and smack it in the back of the head to put an end to things.

“What do you think?” asked Aruku. “This strategy has a good chance of success.”

The village chief dropped into silence for a moment. Aruku and I waited patiently for his answer.

“We were so powerless,” said the village chief, finally breaking the silence. “We had no way to defeat the necromancer, let alone all those zombies. Even if we could handle the zombies, we would only have invited revenge, more zombies, and further injuries to our own people.”

“I see,” uttered Aruku.

“But on top of that, many of those zombies are our family members. Our friends. It is a horrid thing to have to face them as foes. And more than anything else, I was scared. I was scared that, upon my own death, I would attack those I care for and love—my grandchildren, my son, my wife, my friends, and the village I have tried so hard to protect.”

I saw the look of pain on the villagers’ faces as the chief spoke. I saw how much it pained them to think that their deaths would only serve to provide more weapons against the village. It was something scarier for them than I ever could have imagined.

“But I am tired of it,” said the village chief. “We cannot let that monster do as it pleases any longer. The dead must be given the eternal peace they deserve. Sir Usato, Sir Aruku, please . . . lend us your help.”

The chief put his hands on the table and bowed deeply before us.

“We will do so gladly,” said Aruku. “But if things get dangerous, I ask only that you all retreat to safety.”

It was no easy thing to go into battle against the corpses of those you knew and loved. This necromancer was nothing if not a cruel and heartless sort. It was time to teach that monster a lesson before things got any worse.

Now that we had the village’s support, however, there was something I was curious about.

“Aruku, when are we going to make our move on the manor and the zombies? During the day?”

“No, night is better,” replied Aruku. “The cover of darkness will make it easier for both you and Miss Amako to move undetected.”

Ah, I see. And night will also make it easier to keep Amako’s beastkin identity a secret.

Still, a manor in the dead of night was the horror movie trope. And we knew that a necromancer was roosting there.

I would have been lying if I said I wasn’t scared. Nonetheless, we had to do what we had to do.

“In which case, will the attack happen tonight?” asked the village chief.

“Yes,” replied Aruku.

The village chief turned to the men behind him.

“Speak to all the men in the village and tell them that we’re moving on the necromancer tonight. There’s no need to force anybody to do anything they don’t want—gather all those with a will to fight. That goes for the five of you, too.”

“Understood. But what about you, chief?” asked one of the men.

“As leader of this village, I will be there to oversee the battle.”

Understood!” said the men, buoyed by their chief’s words. “We’ll let everyone know right away!”

The men readied their things and left. Now we had Ieva’s full support, which meant all there was left to do was prepare for the night ahead. I looked out the window, ready to fight the necromancer and bring the village peace. Somewhere out there, past all that forestland, was the manor in which the necromancer lived. Defending it was a huge number of zombies, each as strong as they were persistent.

But none of them would be a match for me.

“We’re coming for you, necromancer!” I whispered.

Aruku and the villagers would handle the zombies, while Amako and I took on the cowardly necromancer. I ran a hand through my hair and tried to keep cool as the urge to fight swelled within me.

“That expression . . . you truly are ready for anything,” uttered the village chief.

“You look like the splitting image of Rose. That’s the spirit, Sir Usato!” added Aruku.

But oddly enough, I heard a slight quivering fear in both of their voices. I wondered what they were thinking about.

Ready for anything? Rose’s splitting image? That doesn’t sound right. Surely I don’t look that insanely terrifying . . . do I?





* * *





While Usato and Aruku went with Tetra to the village chief’s house, I waited for them in the living room with Nea at her house. We sat across from one another, both of us looking at our hands so we didn’t have to make eye contact. Silence filled the room.

It was so awkward.

Nea wasn’t someone I’d grown to know and trust like Usato and Aruku. We’d literally only met one day ago. I didn’t even know where to start a conversation, and on top of that, I was worried that I’d only be annoying her if I tried. I didn’t have much in the way of expressive features anyway, so I had a feeling that maybe Nea didn’t have a good impression of me.

“Why are you traveling together with Usato, Amako?” asked Nea casually.

She put a cup of tea in front of me on the table between us.

“Huh?”

I wasn’t sure what to say.

“What’s wrong?”

“Oh, uh, erm . . . you want to know why I’m traveling with Usato?” I sputtered, panicking to answer.

Nea responded to my panic with her own.

“Oh, I don’t mean to ask because you’re a beastkin, if that’s what you’re thinking?!” said Nea, waving her hand. “It’s just that you’re so young, and I was curious as to how you and Usato ended up traveling together.”

“Young,” I said with some disdain before pulling myself together. “Huh, okay, whatever.”

I’m fourteen. Fourteen isn’t young. I’m not a kid.

I thought about why I was traveling with Usato. The first reason was because he’d promised to help my mother. My mother was asleep in my homeland, the Beastlands. I loved her, and I wanted to save her.

I wanted to see her again, awake this time, and I wanted to hug her.

It was those feelings that pushed me to leave the Beastlands and eventually arrive at the Llinger Kingdom. There, I felt that I was saved by all the kindness I experienced. Llinger was a place where people were kind to one another. None of them discriminated against other races.

But even then, I couldn’t give up on my mother, and so I continued to search for healers. I found three of them in the Llinger Kingdom. All of them were vastly different in terms of personality. They were also vastly different from the healers I’d learned of in other nations—there was a warmth and generosity to them. However, I knew that none of them would come with me to the Beastlands to save my mother.

Just as I was about to give up, I saw a premonition—I saw the Llinger Kingdom fall to an attack from the Demon Lord’s forces. When it hit me, the life drained out of me. The people who had accepted me, the town, the whole nation—I saw it all engulfed in flames.

Everything I did would have been in vain. I was filled with fear.

I have to run, I thought. I don’t want to die.

But still, I could not let go of hope.

Before knowing what kind of place Llinger Kingdom was, I would have been all too happy to abandon it. But now I did know, so I searched for anything that might save us.

And my search brought me to him—the young man who would protect those I cared about and save them. The first time I saw him in town was the first day I ever believed in destiny.

“There is someone very close to me I want to save,” I said. “And people I want to be with. That’s why.”

“People to be with . . .”

Traveling with Usato was fun. It was so much fun that when I talked to him, I forgot that I was a beastkin.

“I’m scared of being alone,” I said. “I don’t want to be alone ever again. Now that I’ve felt true kindness, I feel like I’m not as strong as I used to be.”

When I left the Beastlands, I used my premonition magic to do whatever I had to—I snuck into countries, I stole food to survive, and I got by while looking for some way to save my mother.

“I know how that feels,” said Nea, nodding. “I was alone too. But thanks to the people around me, I’ve made it to where I am today. But your fear of being alone? I don’t think that’s a weakness.”

“You don’t?”

“Humans, beastkin, monsters—nobody can live without support. We can put on a front and try to get things done all on our own, but at some point we break. When that happens, you can’t recover by yourself. Maybe this isn’t the nicest way to put it, but life itself is terribly fragile—unless it has something to cling to, it falls apart.”

I know this is coming from me, but Nea is way more philosophical than she looks. I’m actually amazed.

Nea noticed the surprise on my face, and she blushed.

“W-well, that’s what Tetra told me, anyway,” she said.

“Is that so?”

Why the strange reaction just now?

“O-oh, by the way, does Usato always get up so early to train?”

“Yeah, he’s crazy about training.”

I’d already heard from Usato that Nea saw him training in the morning. Anyone who witnessed it themselves thought it was otherworldly. It looked ordinary at first, but the length, the amount, and the pace of it—all of it made people tilt their heads in disbelief until they actually, literally, couldn’t believe it.

“I don’t mean to sound rude, but is Usato really a healer? Are you sure he’s not actually some kind of other magic type? Like, is there some kind of special power inside of his body?”

“Nope. He’s a healer, through and through. Probably.”

“What do you mean, probably?!”

It was only natural that Nea was dubious, but there was no doubt about it—Usato was a healer. And just as with all healers, all he could do was heal. He couldn’t use any of the general magics available to other magic types.

Recovery magic was one such spell within the range of general magic, and so there was a tendency for people to see it as better than actual healing magic because anybody could use it.

“I’m just so curious,” muttered Nea. “How in the world did he get to be so freakishly strong?”

“You’re interested in magic?”

“Yes. I can’t use any myself, but I want to learn more about it.”

“How very studious of you.”

The secret to Usato’s strength . . . was what, exactly? His unbreakable will? The result of endless training? Both answers were right, but both were also a little off the mark.

“I don’t know,” I said.

“Oh. I see.”

“Try not to think about it. I don’t think you’ll ever get an answer by thinking about it logically.”

Nea giggled.

“You make it sound like he’s completely illogical.”

Weird. The moment I heard her words, I thought of Usato as an illogical monster.

I couldn’t deny it even if I wanted to.

Nea’s eyes grew wide as she read the message in my silence.

“Well, he’s not quite that nonsensical,” I said.

“I couldn’t believe that he could overwhelm those zombies with just his physical strength alone.”

“Hang out with Usato long enough, and that kind of thing stops being a surprise real quick.”

Nea put a hand to her mouth and chuckled. I couldn’t help but giggle along with her as I reached for my cup of tea. But as I looked down, I heard something.

“I’m so jealous. So very, very jealous,” Nea whispered.

“Hm?”

I never would have heard it without my beastkin ears, but I heard Nea’s words loud and clear.

“Is something wrong?” she asked. “Is the tea not to your liking?”

“Uh, no, it’s nothing. The tea is delicious, thank you.”

“I’m glad.”

It had to have been an illusion or a trick. I didn’t want to believe that in the midst of our pleasant conversation, Nea’s eyes had, for the briefest of moments, turned to an icy cold gaze.





Chapter 4: Attack on the Manor in the Dead of Night!





When the sun set, the village outskirts were wrapped in darkness. With the clouds covering the moon, the only light was coming from the Ieva village houses. In the night, the light of the moon was all you could rely on, and so usually there was a gloom in the air, but tonight things were different.

Tonight, the darkness was perfect for necromancer hunting.

“I never imagined that so many people would come out to help,” said Aruku.

We were waiting at the entrance of the village for the village chief, who now arrived with at least thirty people in tow, all of them ready to help in our attempt to take down the necromancer.

“This situation has vexed us all,” said the chief, “but none of us had the courage to face the necromancer alone. We have rediscovered the will to fight, and we owe it all to you.”

His words both encouraged and embarrassed me. But even with the villagers helping us out, I knew that I had to be prepared. If I failed to defeat the necromancer, it would likely turn its rage on the village and its inhabitants. If that happened, then I’d have no other choice—as much as it would pain me to do so, I’d crush the zombies’ limbs and render them incapable of any movement whatsoever. I had to prioritize the safety of the villagers.

“Chief, I didn’t mention it earlier, but I’m good at first aid magic,” I said. “So even if it’s after the necromancer has been defeated, please bring me any injured people and I’ll heal them back to full health.”

If I told them I was a healer, it might make the villagers worried, so I made it sound like I was good at general magic.

“Sir Usato, you have our thanks,” replied the chief.

He looked relieved. It must have been nice to know that the injured could be helped during and after the battle. When he saw that the chief and I had finished talking, Aruku politely got his attention. It was time to explain to everyone how the strategy was going to work. Aruku was a knight. He knew the ins and outs of battling in formation, which was a confidence booster for everyone. I looked out at the crowd of villagers as Amako peeked up at me from under her hood.

“Usato, are you bringing Blurin?” she asked.

“I left him at the stables. He knows that if he were out here, he’d frighten the villagers. But anyway, how’s your magic? Feeling okay? I’m going to be relying on you for a lot of this.”

“I feel great. And I can also see well in the dark, so leave dark locations to me.”

“That’s great. I’ll totally ask for your help.”

Even though I was used to the Llinger forest, that didn’t mean I could navigate the darkness of this forest without getting lost. Amako’s beastkin eyesight would be a huge advantage.

“It’s the first time we’re fighting together.”

“Yep, after all this time, here we are.”

We’d traveled together a lot, but this was the first time that Amako and I would be working together to complete a specific task. And because we’d have to make full use of Amako’s premonition magic for this particular covert operation, everything came down to our ability to work as a team.

“I have a feeling we’re going to do great,” I said.

Amako paused for a moment before replying.

“Yeah . . .”

“Huh?”

Was she nervous or something? Usually, she would reply with something like, “Are you okay, Usato? You’re being so honest it’s creepy.” But instead, she simply agreed. I felt a little embarrassed, and for a moment, I wasn’t sure what to say.

So, I decided to break the tension with a joke.

“Well, from what I hear, necromancers aren’t particularly strong, so we shouldn’t have any issues, but if we do . . .”

“If we do, then what?”

“Then I’ll carry you on my back.”

“Huh?”

I had never heard Amako sound so cold before. I held a finger up while I waved a hand to tell her that she had the wrong idea and explained why.

“You read the enemies’ movements and I knock them down. Yeah, it’s a simple strategy, but with you on my back, we’re an unstoppable combo.”

Amako said nothing.

I continued. “If you have to move around while you’re focusing on your premonitions, you’ll only be able to glimpse short instances in time. So, you can let me handle the moving by piggybacking you. That way, you can just give me directions—how the enemy is going to move, what they’re going to do, and how they’re going to do it.”

Still, Amako said nothing.

“With my reflexes and your foresight, we’ll read the enemy before they have a chance to move and hit them with the best shots we’ve got. Basically, what I’m saying is—like I said before—we’re unstoppable together.”

Amako simply stared at me. I couldn’t bear her expressionless gaze. She was watching me from within her hood. I felt the strong urge to apologize. The light glimmering in her eyes was just too overwhelming.

“I’m sorry,” I muttered.

“Usato!”

Just then, an unexpected voice shouted from behind me.

“Hm?” I murmured.

I turned to look at the voice, and I saw Nea running toward me. The area was lit up by the nearby houses and the torches that people carried, but it was still quite dark. She ran over cautiously and held her breath for a brief moment.

“Usato!” she cried.

“Whoa!” I said as she suddenly hugged me.

I never imagined that she would ever do that, and after a brief moment of complete and utter panic, I attempted to calm myself and looked for help. However, Aruku, the village chief, and the thirty-something villagers with them simply watched us and grinned. The younger villagers, however, all shot angry glares in my general direction.

Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think anyone would be jealous of me in this world.

“Hey, Usato, what are you doing? Hm? What’s going on?”

It was Amako, looking up at me with that same expressionless gaze.

Please, at least give me the chance to explain that I’m not doing this of my own volition!

“Usato, I . . . I’m just so worried about you!” said Nea.

This isn’t my role in these kinds of situations. It’s Kazuki’s!





I had no idea what was going on, and it was all so sudden that I could barely feel any of it.

Why is Nea hugging me like this so suddenly?

I couldn’t just pass it off as a kind of suspension bridge effect, the fear bringing out excessive and misdirected emotions in her. Given the circumstances, there just hadn’t been enough time for that. And even if it was a kind of love at first sight, clearly Nea was confused. She’d only met me yesterday.

“Nea,” I said.

My voice trembled, but I took her by the shoulders and gently pushed her away. I looked into her amber-colored, teary eyes. I felt my heart begin to waver. I did my utmost not to let myself get swept away in the moment as I spoke.

“You don’t have to worry,” I said. “I’ll be fine.”

“Huh?” Nea said.

Her eyes went wide with confusion, but I ignored it and went on.

“I am going to find the necromancer terrorizing this village, and I am going to smack it until it stops. So you just wait here and stay safe.”

“Oh, thank you. You’re really going out of your way to protect all of us,” she uttered.

Nea still seemed very confused by the words I’d spoken, but she nodded her head and left.

I let out a sigh. I just knew that if Inukami-senpai had been here to see that, it totally would have erupted into a scene. And yet, at the same time, I couldn’t help but feel a certain regret about pushing Nea away. I’d been punched and kicked and verbally abused by one particular woman, but I’d never been held in a way that was so gentle. Still, I knew that if I thought about Rose’s rough and ready treatment too much longer, I’d be brought to tears.

“Aruku, shall we head off?” I said.

“Yes. Everyone, are you ready?”

The villagers raised their torches and replied as one. Everyone was ready, and all that was left now was to bring down that nasty necromancer.





* * *





As we walked along the road, we didn’t encounter any zombies. It was so strange. Were they all concentrated around the manor? Or had they been separated and were now roaming free away from where we were? Whatever the case, we managed to get to a position where the manor was in sight without anyone in our group getting injured.

“So that’s the necromancer’s manor,” said Aruku, as we looked at the dim shape of the building in the distance.

It was dark. The whole building wafted with an aura of gloom.

“Usato, there are zombies around the manor,” said Amako.

“How many?”

“More than I can count.”

I nodded and frowned. I couldn’t see them clearly, but Amako was right—there were dark shapes wandering around the manor grounds. There were enough of them that a full-frontal attack on the manor was just folly. Torch in hand, Aruku stood in place and surveyed the situation.

“Sir Usato,” he said. “Let’s split up here. I’ll head to the front of the manor and draw the zombies away, just like we planned. You and Amako try getting in from the other side.”

“Got it.”

I looked over at Amako. She was ready to get moving. I could see by the confidence in her eyes that she was mentally prepared.

“Let’s do it, Amako,” I said.

“Okay.”

“Be careful, Sir Usato,” said Aruku.

“You too, and everyone else. Please don’t do anything rash.”

Amako and I watched as Aruku and the villagers headed off, then we left the main path and took to the darkness of the forest. It was very dark, and I had to be careful not to make too much noise.

“Amako, take the lead,” I said.

“Okay, stay close.”

Amako took off her hood and walked close behind. I clenched my fists in case we ran into any zombies.

“Usato, stop,” whispered Amako.

We ducked down, and a few seconds later, we heard something lumbering through the bushes. A zombie passed by, moaning as it went.

“If you weren’t here, that would have found me for sure,” I said.

Those premonitions sure were something. They were almost too convenient. I made a mental note not to rely on them too much.

Just then, from over near the manor, we heard the roar of men. We looked over to see Aruku and the villagers, illuminated by torchlight, not far from the manor entrance. All the zombies around swiveled their heads to the sound, and were drawn like moths to the flame, shuffling their feet as they headed toward the villagers.

“They’ve started the diversion,” said Amako.

“So far, so good,” I added. “Now it’s up to us.”

“Yep. Let’s do this.”

I took a breath, then started moving again. We circled to the back of the manor. When we were sure there were no zombies around, we left the forest and ran for one of the manor windows. I put a hand to the window and silently lifted it up—it opened without issue.

“The windows aren’t locked,” I whispered.

I know it was a monster we were talking about, but I felt they were a bit careless. There was a chance there were traps waiting for us, but we’d come too far to pull out now, so Amako and I crawled inside.

The room we entered was unusually well kept. That was somehow even creepier. We tiptoed to the door, and I glanced at Amako to let her know I needed her premonition magic. She nodded and looked at the door as though she were staring straight through it.

“There’s nothing on the other side,” she said. “The door exits to a corridor. On the right, and at the corner . . . I’ve got one.”

A zombie was waiting around the corner.

“Alright, then let’s take care of the zombie and make sure it can’t do anything. Before that, though . . .”

I walked over to the window and pulled down a dusty curtain.

“Amako, tell me when to go.”

“Leave it to me.”

We opened the door, silently walked down the corridor, and neared the corner. Then I waited for Amako’s signal.

“Usato, now!” she hissed.

I leaped out and my eyes met with a zombie’s. I didn’t hold back. I launched two punches as hard as I could on its arms. The zombie’s arms went flying. The force of the blows sent the zombie stumbling backward. Still, I couldn’t let it hit the wall because it would make too much noise, so I stomped down hard with my right foot on the zombie’s left. Without a moment’s hesitation, I followed up with a sweep, breaking the zombie’s knees and folding its legs in two. To finish things off, I wrapped the curtain around its mouth to keep it quiet.

“A job well done,” I said.

At my feet, the essentially limbless zombie rolled around, attempting to moan through its muffled face.

“Eww,” said Amako, her face was going pale. “I didn’t even see it. One minute there’s a zombie, then all of a sudden, he’s got no arms. Then all of a sudden, his legs are broken and he’s rolling on the floor. I figured you weren’t going to hold back, but this . . .”

“Just what do you think I am, Amako?” I said, chuckling. “I’m not a monster, you know.”

“I can tell you’re faking that laugh, Usato.”

Her lips twisted into a cringe as I hefted the zombie onto my shoulder. Yes, I was merciless in my attack, and I didn’t hold back, and if I wanted to, I could do the same thing to a living, breathing human. But I didn’t think I would ever hit a human with everything I had—well, as long as I didn’t forget myself, or want to kill my opponent.

“Let’s hurry,” I said.

I put the zombie in a nearby room, and we got back to our search. I could still feel the sensation of punching that zombie in my knuckles. It was heavy. The feeling was only heavier now that I knew these zombies had committed no crimes. They were once simply villagers here. I felt like I was about to be crushed under the weight of the feeling. I clenched my fist.

“Damn it,” I muttered. “I can’t stand fighting.”

The manor was quite a spacious place. It had so little in the way of security that I was bewildered. Outside of the one zombie we’d encountered, we didn’t find any others wandering around. I wondered if the place had been entirely empty right from the start. But based on how nice the place was, I knew that someone had to be keeping it clean.

“Whoever lives here has a real thing for antiques, huh?” I muttered.

We passed down a corridor filled with suits of armor, neatly standing in rows. I knocked on one of them with a hand to check the metal. I wouldn’t have thought anything of it if all the armor was the same, but each set was different. They were all different designs, and they all held different weapons, like swords and morning stars. One huge set of armor, in particular, stood out because of its weapon.

“What is this, a spear?” I muttered. “No, wait, it’s a halberd. It’s huge, though. No ordinary human could handle something like this.”

It was a spear that stood taller than I was, with a huge axe blade at the end of it. The suit of armor carrying it was at least two meters tall, too, but they seemed totally mismatched.

“This place is like a museum,” I said.

We walked the corridor as I thought pointless thoughts, and then Amako spoke.

“But I don’t think these are very old,” she said. “I’ve seen this armor on my travels.”

Which meant they weren’t antiques. This raised another question: what was relatively new armor doing in a place like this? Were all these different sets of armor here because the owner of the manor was interested in armor?

“Is it possible that this has something to do with that rumor that Aruku was talking about?” I wondered aloud.

He told me that people had gone missing suddenly, but it hadn’t happened in quite a few years. Was everything we were looking at now somehow connected to the stories of the knights, warriors, and bandits who went missing? That would mean that the was the culprit. But if that were true, one thing didn’t make sense.

“Why didn’t Nea or any of the villagers tell us about that?”

This was suspicious, of course, if we assumed that the villagers themselves had heard the rumors. But if people had gone missing around these parts some years ago, the villagers surely would have suspected the necromancer of having some role in it. And yet, none of them said a thing.

While I was lost in thought, Amako stopped in place.

