Chapter 1: A Chance Encounter with Luqvist’s Healer!





Our traveling party arrived in the Wizardry City of Luqvist. We were there to deliver a letter informing them of the Demon Lord threat. I was excited to see the place—it was home to a school that raised mages, and its streets were filled with lively students. I even met the city’s healer, a young boy.

Unfortunately, I never imagined that meeting him would mean finding him beaten and bullied.

Amako told me before we arrived that Luqvist’s healer was tangled up in something he couldn’t easily get out of, but it was only now that I grasped what she meant—he wasn’t going to be able to help Amako when he already had bullies to contend with.

But who was behind the bullying, and why?

“How . . . ?” I uttered.

I relaxed my hand, which I’d balled into a tight fist, and looked around for answers.

“What happened here?” I asked one of the bystanders.

“Did you only just get here or something? I guess there’s no way you could have known,” answered a man, looking somewhat shameful as he pointed to the boy in my arms. “He’s a plaything for a group of bullies. They put him through this kind of thing all the time because of his healing magic.”

A plaything for bullies? Healers aren’t mages you can just freely use as sandbags outside of training.

“First things first . . . let’s wake him up,” I said.

I gently shook the young healer’s shoulders. I wanted to make sure he could at least regain his senses. Sometimes people might be unconscious but otherwise uninjured.

After a little shaking, the young healer groaned and began to blink back to consciousness. I was glad that he woke so easily—it meant he was probably fine.

“Looks like you’re awake,” I said, putting a hand to the boy’s shoulder. “How do you . . .”

But as soon as the boy’s eyes focused, he quickly brushed my hand away.

“Get away from me!” he shouted.

“Wha?!”

I was shocked by the reaction—by the boy’s refusal—and watched as he looked up at the sky and scrambled to his feet in a panic.

“Dammit! I’m going to be late!” he said.

The boy took off running down the main street.

“Huh? Hey! Wait!” I called, but my words fell on deaf ears.

That was no ordinary level of hurry. Wonder if he had something urgent to attend to?

But all the same, I couldn’t believe that he snubbed me like that. Was that how bad things were? Was that how low his level of trust was?

“Well, what now?” I muttered.

I hoped that I’d have a chance to meet Luqvist’s healer, and my wish was granted. However, the encounter left me ill at ease and a little anxious. I wasn’t the sort of person to just jump in whenever I saw a case of bullying, but I couldn’t just dismiss it as nothing either. I probably didn’t have the power to change the boy’s circumstances, and in this city, as a healer, it seemed like something might end up happening to me.

“Best catch up with senpai first,” I said to myself.

I decided asking senpai and Kazuki was the best course of action. It was much better than just getting lost in my own thoughts. The two of them were on the student council—they probably knew more than I did about this kind of thing. With my mind made up, I was just about to take off when I heard voices calling out to me.

“Hey! Usato-kun!”

“Usato!”

I knew those voices. I turned to find a good-looking couple running toward me—Inukami-senpai and Kazuki.

“Lucky. Guess I don’t have to go looking for them,” I muttered.

Kazuki waved as I walked over. Just as expected, Inukami-senpai was very nonplussed that I’d changed my lodging without telling them.

“Usato-kun! If you’re going to stay with Amako’s friends, then at least take me with you!”

“Don’t get all mad. That would have been impossible. You have no idea what I had to go through yesterday.”

And besides, if senpai had been with me, Kyo would have been frustrated beyond belief. I knew he wasn’t a bad guy at heart, but I really wanted to establish some kind of baseline of trust between us before I introduced him and Kiriha to senpai.

“Anyway,” I added, “aren’t you guys supposed to be at the lodging?”

“Senpai wanted to go pick you up,” said Kazuki, “so I tagged along. And meeting you here has made things easier.”

“Hm? Easier for what?”

Did the school reply to the letter already? Unlikely. We’ve already been told that the decision will take a considerable amount of time and discussion.

Inukami-senpai seemed to spot the question mark floating above my head, and she walked up to me, overflowing with excitement.

“Last night, Headmistress Gladys invited us to watch some classes at school. I wanted you to be there!”

“Class observations, huh?”

I remembered that Gladys had mentioned something about that yesterday. She must have noticed the sheer thrill on senpai’s face and was kind enough to organize things that same night.

“Yeah, I’m pretty intrigued too, so I’m in,” I said.

“I knew you’d say that! Come on, let’s go!”

Inukami-senpai took Kazuki and me by our hands and took off toward the school.

“Well, as long as you’re happy . . .” I said, breaking into a smile.

“You look pretty excited yourself, Usato,” said Kazuki.

I laughed.

“Guess I can’t hide anything from you.”

I decided that I’d bring up the topic of Luqvist’s healer with them a little later. I didn’t want to kill the mood by holding things up, and besides, it was fun to do stuff with the two of them.





* * *





Senpai excitedly took us all the way to the entrance of the school of magic. We were standing there, looking around, when Halpha came outside.

“Hello, Halpha,” I said as we walked over to him.

“Good morning, Usato. I hear you stayed at a separate lodging last night. I hope everything was alright?”

“Uh, yeah. . . For the time being, anyway.”

Halpha looked perplexed. He tilted his head slightly, but I simply responded with a smile—I wasn’t about to tell him that the owner of the house I stayed at had chewed me out before outright attacking me.

“Well, I’m glad things seem okay,” he said. “Well then, let’s get straight into the tour, shall we?”

Fortunately, Halpha didn’t seem to think anything else of our interaction, which was a relief. We followed him on a tour of the school and its classes. The school square was entirely deserted—there wasn’t a student in sight. I wondered if it was because morning classes were going on. Perhaps there were no students out and about at this time?

“I wonder what sort of things they teach in the classes here . . . What do you think, Usato?” Kazuki asked.

“Hm . . . I guess the focus is on how to use magic and its practical application?”

I mean, it was called the school of magic, after all.

“Yes, we teach that too,” said Halpha, turning to us, “but because many who come here have their sights set on becoming knights and adventurers, students can learn a wide variety of skills, including martial arts.”

I was impressed—it was a system similar to our home world, where a person could choose to study and learn what was most useful for their future. We walked through a school building, chatting as we went, and found ourselves in a hallway with metal plates on wooden doors. Each had something etched into it, written in the language of the world we now called home. Halpha, leading the way, found the door he was looking for, then turned to us.

“They’re currently doing a lesson on basic magic in this room,” he said. “This is the first subject that any student takes when they enroll here to learn magic. Naturally, I took the class also.”

“Basic magic. Welcie taught senpai and me the basics when we arrived,” said Kazuki. “I’m interested to see how the lessons work here.”

How did I learn my magic? All I remember is just endless running . . . But then again, I guess there were those times when Rose shouted at me. “Feel the magic while you run!” Yep, that’s what she said during my training on how to handle magic.

When I thought about it, however, I couldn’t understand how I’d come out of that training with the ability to use my magic.

“Unfortunately,” said Halpha, “this is not the class we’re here to see today. We’re going to visit my class instead.”

“Your class?”

“Indeed. They just so happen to be doing practical training today, and I’d love for you to see it. I was also hoping you might be willing to take part in it too.”

“Are you sure that’s okay?” asked senpai. “We don’t want to interrupt class.”

“Well, the headmistress herself gave us express permission, and I’m the class overseer, which grants me a certain amount of authority.”

“Overseer? Is that like a teacher?” I asked.

“Put simply, yes,” said Halpha with a nod.

Does that mean that Halpha has the same authority as a teacher or instructor? That’s impressive—he looks about the same age as the rest of us.

“How about you, Usato? Will you be taking part?” Halpha asked.

“Hm . . .”

I thought it would be fine for Inukami-senpai and Kazuki to take part, but I was hesitant. I figured that “practical training” meant practicing attack magic. Even though I could punch and kick things with my healing magic, without the magic, it was just, well . . . violence.

“I’m just a healer,” I said. “I don’t think there’s much point to me taking part.”

“Really? A pity,” said Halpha.

Whoa, hang on. Why does he look so upset? Seeing him all down in the dumps like that makes me feel guilty. But what is he expecting from a healer like me? I mean, as a magic user, I do only three things—I run, I hit, and I heal.

“Looks like the time has come to show your real power, Usato-kun,” said Inukami-senpai with a knowing smile.

As usual, senpai was talking crazy to me. I found it kind of reassuring.

“Come on, senpai,” I said. “I can’t use attack magic like you and Kazuki. All I can do is punch and kick things.”

“Yeah, but those punches and kicks are brutal. At your level, it’s no different from magic,” she said.

Wait, is she trying to say that I’m inhuman now?

Whatever the case, my healing magic wasn’t any different from ordinary physical attacks, and I wasn’t keen on showing it to people who used true and proper magic abilities.

“I dare say we’ve spent enough time talking. Shall we be moving along?” said Halpha, spinning around and walking again.

I couldn’t help but wonder why Halpha looked so disappointed when I said I wouldn’t take part in the practical training. I mean, wasn’t it best to show off the heroes’ magic rather than mine? I was just a nobody, after all. Did Halpha have some specific reason for wanting me to take part?

“Maybe I’m just reading into it too much . . .” I muttered.

We walked through a neat hallway and out into the open air. We’d left through a big set of doors and arrived at another open square. Now we’d finally get a chance to check out the school’s classes.

Students were firing magic at their own individual targets. The first student I saw was a young boy holding his palm out toward a round white target that was hammered into the ground.

“Burn!” he cried as a fireball leaped from his hands.

Next to him, a girl put her hands on the earth and let out a battle cry. Stones were sent flying out from the ground below.

This was nothing like the sense of freedom that I got from the school square the previous day. The energy and the determination—it was completely different. Senpai was . . . Well, she was over the moon. She was so impressed that she was trembling. She turned to me and poked me hard in the shoulder.

“Look, senpai,” I said, “I get that you’re happy, but please stop poking me.”

To be honest, it was annoying as heck.

“Kazuki, please,” I begged, “do something about her, please!”

Kazuki laughed. He seemed to be enjoying it.

“Impossible,” he said. “Hang in there, Usato.”

Kazuki had left me for dead, so I just let the overly excited Inukami-senpai keep poking me. Halpha led us to a place where we could look out over all of the students. Then he turned to us.

“This is the class I’m assigned to,” he said. “However, as we have some lower-grade students training with us today, I should make it clear that they’re not all my classmates.”

“Lower-grade students? Oh, now that you mention it, some of the students do look young.”

When I looked more closely, I saw that the practicing students had observers by their sides—students that were perhaps two or three years younger. Then something caught my eye.

“Hm . . . ?”

In a corner of the square, there were a couple of people I’d seen before.

That’s Kyo and Kiriha. Are they in Halpha’s class?

Kiriha was firing blades of wind through her gauntlets, cutting her target over and over. Meanwhile, Kyo was throwing kicks to create wind blades of his own, sending diagonal slices into his own target.

“Wind, huh . . . ?” I muttered.

It was really cool. Kyo must have noticed me watching them because he suddenly looked shocked and said something to Kiriha. When she looked over, I waved at her. Her eyes bulged out of her head in shock, but she managed a short wave in reply.

“You know those two, do you?” asked Halpha. There was a hint of surprise in his voice.

I didn’t want him getting the wrong idea, so I simply nodded. Halpha looked strangely impressed.

“What is it?” I asked.

“I’m just surprised,” he replied. “Kyo and Kiriha rarely interact with humans. They’re rather curt and rude if you even try to speak with them.”

So that’s the sort of people they are at school, huh?

I turned to look back at the two of them when Inukami-senpai, who seemed to have finally calmed down, tapped me gently on the shoulder.

“Are those two Amako’s friends?” she asked.

Her question was a whisper to make sure Halpha didn’t hear.

“Yes,” I whispered back.

“Ugh, I love the ears. Introduce me later?”

“No,” I said with a smile.

After everything I’ve done to gain their trust, I’m not going to have you shatter it into pieces with your hyperactive personality. I know it’s going to hurt you—believe me, I know—but you’re just going to have to be a little more patient, senpai.

“What?! But why?!”

Senpai was still shaking me by the shoulders when Halpha turned to us again.

“Well then,” he said, “shall I introduce you to everyone?”

In so saying, Halpha’s kindly voice grew suddenly sharp and cold.

“Assemble!” he shouted.

Both the older and the younger students responded immediately, running over to Halpha. We were suddenly a target for all their curious stares.

“Usually, when we have shared training sessions like this, it’s a chance for the lower grades to learn magic by watching their seniors. Today, however, things are a little different,” said Halpha, his voice stern. The students lined up in front of him were clearly nervous. “We’re lucky enough to have three of Llinger’s emissaries with us today. They’re here to see our school. They are more experienced and capable than any of us here, so do make sure you’re on your best behavior.”

Halpha’s explanation didn’t convince everyone, and there were a few sets of eyes that looked at us with suspicion—that is to say, looked at me with suspicion. On top of that, one of those sets of eyes belonged to Kyo. But I wasn’t surprised—anybody would be suspicious if they saw an ordinary teenager like me standing behind the stunning duo that was Kazuki and senpai.

“That guy in the white! He’s the one that Kiriha punched yesterday!” said someone from among the whispering students.

Yesterday? What were they talking about? If they meant what happened around noon, then there was ill will behind the comment. And as expected, several students seemed to get the wrong idea about the word “punched” and stabbed me with suspicious stares.

“Er . . . What happened yesterday?” asked Kazuki.

I face-palmed.

“It was a misunderstanding . . .” I groaned.

I mean, I guess I only had myself to blame, but in that situation, of course someone was going to see me. Still, as long as Kazuki and senpai didn’t think anything more of it, that was a win in my books. Just as I was beginning to relax, however, one of the lower-grade students spoke up.

“Excuse me,” said a young, high-pitched voice. “If those three are stronger than all of us, then may we have a magic demonstration?”

The voice belonged to a young girl with her hand raised. Her hair was arranged on either side into pigtails, and it was clear by her face that she was dubious of us.

“Just as expected . . .” whispered Halpha in a voice I just barely caught.

His tone of voice was so calm and cool that it was almost as though he’d seen the girl’s question coming.

“So what you’re saying,” he said with a sigh, “is that you won’t respect them until they show you what they’re capable of. Is that right?”

Halpha turned to us slowly.

“As you can see, it looks as though they’d like a demonstration, so—”

“Ooh! Me! Let me!” cried Inukami-senpai. “Just point me at a target!”

Oh, my little pig-tailed friend, you made one big mistake. You opened Pandora’s box. Senpai is a girl who is way, way, way too excited to be here.

Halpha let out a strange little laugh at the sight of the animated Inukami-senpai and gestured for her to go right ahead. I covered my face with my hands in embarrassment.





* * *





The training was very simple. All you had to do was hit the magic-resistant targets with your magic. When I thought back to what I’d seen, I realized that although the students had damaged their targets, none of the targets had been destroyed—the targets must have been really durable against magic attacks.

“Hm . . . this wooden sword is hella awkward . . .” muttered senpai.

“It’s specially made to withstand magic, so please do the best you can with it,” said Halpha.

Senpai was going to use a weapon for her magic, so she was given a wooden sword. Actually, anything was permitted—you could attack unarmed, wield a sword, or even equip gauntlets. You could also just use raw magic as well, which made it feel like a shooting range with an “anything goes” approach.

Inukami-senpai stood in front of her target. Behind her, the students waited with bated breath to see what kind of magic she was going to use.

“Hey, Kazuki,” I said.

“Hm?”

“Do you think she’ll hold back?”

“Of course. She’s our senpai.”

I would have been relieved if he hadn’t looked away as he spoke.

“But whatever she does, she’s not going to let them just treat you like a weakling.”

“She’d do that . . . for me . . . ?”

“That student didn’t know anything about you, but that didn’t stop her from shooting off her mouth. Senpai and I aren’t letting it show, but we’re pretty mad about it, you know?”

I was touched that they were thinking of me.

I turned my gaze back to senpai. She excitedly readied herself, waving her sword in a circle as she pulsed with lightning.

“Hey, wait a sec,” I said. “Wait a sec.”

I was touched, sure, but that didn’t mean Inukami-senpai had to go all out on the training target. I was just about to say something, but Inukami-senpai took off.

She reached the target in the blink of an eye and was suddenly standing right in front of it. Her sword was filled with electricity, like a bow ready to be fired, and she plunged it into the target.

Her movements were so fast that at first the watching students weren’t even sure what was happening. However, when senpai ran her sword through the target, they realized she had unleashed an attack.

“Huh . . . ?” uttered one student with a goofy befuddlement.

His reaction didn’t surprise me though—I’d gone through training with Rose, and even I struggled to follow senpai’s movements.

“We’re not done yet!” senpai uttered.

Senpai left the sword in the target and stepped away from it. The sword was still pulsing with electricity, still building up, and still sparking even away from her hands. Inukami-senpai held her hands up, and with a supremely satisfied expression, she said—

“Boom!”

Electricity flew from her hands the moment she spoke. It struck the sword, and the sword and target exploded in a blinding flash of light. A few seconds later, as everyone’s dazzled eyes began to refocus, we realized that both the target and the wooden sword were gone—they had been incinerated.

Going overboard much?!

Who told her to go that far?! And what even was that crazy magic attack anyway?! That would turn a person into dust! There’d be no trace of them!

The observing students had been rendered entirely speechless. As for Inukami-senpai, she simply ignored the puzzled looks surrounding her, crossed her arms, and nodded in a way that said, Job well done.

“Beyond expectations,” said Halpha, unable to hide his surprise. “How about the two of you?” he asked Kazuki and me. “We still have plenty of time. You’re welcome to give a demonstration in the same way as Suzune.”

“I can’t use magic in any way remotely similar to that . . .” I said.

“In practical training, you can do whatever you like, whether it be with a sword or no weapon at all. As long as you’re using magic, even a punch is considered a magical attack.”

I couldn’t put my finger on why exactly, but Halpha was clearly putting pressure on me to take part. Still, my mind was already made up. More than anything else, outdoing senpai’s performance was one heck of a hurdle to have to jump.

“All the same, I think Kazuki should go instead of me,” I said. “My magic lacks impact.”

“Hm . . . If you ask me,” said Kazuki, “your magic is all about impact, but . . . alright. If you don’t want to go, then I may as well give it a try.”

I’m so sorry for pushing this on you, Kazuki. But what impact are you even talking about? My magic is anything but impactful.

“Please go right ahead and use the target next to Suzune,” said Halpha. “And don’t worry if you destroy it completely. Would you like a weapon?”

“No, I think I’ll just use magic,” said Kazuki, walking over to his target.





Suzune returned to where Halpha and I were standing. She seemed to recognize that many of the students still had their eyes on her, and the satisfaction had yet to leave her face.

“So Kazuki’s up next,” she said. “Usato-kun, you’re not going to give a demo?”

“No way,” I replied. “Not after what you just did. What do you want me to do? Punch a target into dust?”

Senpai giggled.

“Well, it’s not like you can’t, right? Compared to an armored demon, an unmoving target is a cakewalk.”

I didn’t really know how to respond to an out-there comparison like that.

At that moment, Kazuki cast three bullets of magical energy about the size of table tennis balls. It was his light magic—a powerful and rare magic that had the students buzzing with more chatter than when it was senpai’s turn. Nonetheless, Kazuki’s gaze never left his palm—he focused on the bullets of light.

“I haven’t seen this before,” said Inukami-senpai.

“Remote-controlled magic . . . if he falters for a second, those bullets will dissipate,” said Halpha, his voice filled with awe. “His control is remarkable. Such subtlety—I hope the rest of the class is watching carefully.”

Even I was surprised to find out that magic was something that could be controlled remotely like this. I had thought that with magic like Kazuki’s and mine, it would dissipate once it was separated from us.

Could I do that if I worked hard enough? It sure would be handy to be able to heal people from a distance with something like healing bullets.

“Fire!”

With a wave of his hand, Kazuki’s magic bullets flew toward the target. Even as they flew, the bullets were still under Kazuki’s control, and they sped straight toward the target, coming to a halt just above it.

“This magic is dangerous, so . . . go downwards!”

Kazuki brought his hand down, and the three bullets rained down on the target below at unbelievable speed. Kazuki’s spell didn’t have the impact that senpai’s did—and you might even call it simple—but I was left with the impression that it was much more dangerous than senpai’s spell. The magic bullets hadn’t blown the target up, but they had pierced right through the target before driving into the ground below.

“Looks like that battle against the Black Knight taught Kazuki his weak points, and he’s found a way to cover for them,” said Inukami-senpai.

“Y-Yeah . . .” I muttered in reply.

I can’t believe that the two of you have developed such ruthless spells.

It seemed that the heroes’ demonstrations had impressed the students and rid them of their doubts. They now looked up at Kazuki and Suzune with awe.

“I didn’t mention it earlier,” said Halpha, “but these two fought at the front lines in the battle against the Demon Lord’s army not so long ago. They are not to be taken lightly. And of course, neither is he.”

Are you really going to do me like that, Halpha?

All of the eyes that were locked on Kazuki and Suzune suddenly shifted to me. Whispered voices came with them.

“What sort of magic does he use?”

“He looks weaker than the other two, no?”

“Yeah, but maybe he’s, like, more than meets the eye.”

I wasn’t sure how I felt about people railing on me like that just based on my appearance. Fortunately, Kazuki didn’t hear any of that.

“Um, what kind of magic does he use?” asked one of the students, pointing at me.

Halpha glanced at me from the corner of his eye. He probably already knew how the students would react once he told them. I had a feeling that I knew too—I’d just seen what this country thought of healers with my own eyes.

I let out a sigh. It looked like I had no choice. Senpai and Kazuki had revealed their magical affinities, so now I had to reveal mine too. Trying to hide it was useless. I straightened my collar and took a step forward.

“I’m a healer,” I said, “with Llinger Kingdom’s Rescue Team.”

Now, let’s see how everyone reacts. I was forged through irrational training and abuse—a few jeers aren’t going to hurt me.





* * *





Halpha brought Usato and his two friends to class. Kyo and I were in the middle of training when they arrived. Usato waved at us. Unsurprisingly, Kyo didn’t react, but I waved back—I just made sure that nobody else noticed.

At first, I wondered why they’d even come, but then I remembered that Halpha had told us we’d have visitors. Now I knew who those visitors were.

Halpha introduced the heroes and Usato, then told everyone that they were battle-hardened and much stronger than us. There was a provocation in the way he spoke—it was clear his words would elicit a reaction. Our class was full of those types.

I didn’t know how strong Usato’s friends were, but I knew that when it came to Usato, they probably couldn’t beat him. I was a beastkin, and he was as strong as me, if not even stronger. He could heal any wound in an instant. If we were facing off against each other for real, I could cut him as much as I wanted with my wind blades, but he would just keep healing himself so long as he had magic. All the while, he would be attacking me with that crazy power of his.

That was like a nightmare.

But because of what had happened yesterday, everyone was skeptical of him. And because of me, Mina—a notorious problem child of the lower grades and a noble’s daughter—got all fired up. I hadn’t expected that at all. That girl was rotten to the core. She and her little gang members had been bullying a healer for some years now. Because of her family name, the school did absolutely nothing about it.

That girl. She was going to embarrass the heroes if their magic wasn’t up to her expectations. Everyone around Mina knew what she was doing, but nobody tried to stop her—they were probably scared of standing up to her. I didn’t do anything either. I wasn’t going to say anything to anyone in class though. And though I could have said something to Halpha, in this situation, he wouldn’t stand up to her either.

All the same, it turned out that Usato’s friends were no slouches. Far, far from it. I’d never seen such destructive lightning magic in my life. Then there was the expert control that Usato’s other friend had over his rare light magic. I was literally shocked into silence. But of course, they were going to be amazing—they were the Llinger Kingdom heroes that Amako had told me about.

If only that was where it ended. If only that was enough for everyone, and we all went back to our training. But everyone changed the moment they heard Usato’s words.

“I’m a healer,” he said, “with Llinger Kingdom’s Rescue Team.”

And of course, it wasn’t a good change. I could see Kyo freaking out about it next to me. Our class was full of hotheads. All they cared about was who was the strongest. I would never belittle healers of healing magic, but everybody else in the class—who knew nothing of Usato—all thought healing was for wimps and weaklings. As expected, the trolling started immediately.

“Ugh, just a healer . . . even I could wreck him.”

“Battle-hardened . . . probably by running around with his tail between his legs, no?”

“Am I supposed to believe he’s strong?”

And of course, the evil little princess wasn’t going to let an opportunity like this go by without saying something.

“Healing magic?” asked Mina. “Is it actually strong?”

She spoke each word loud enough that everyone heard it.

Usato’s smile didn’t leave his face. He tried laughing it off.

“Well, this is awkward,” he said flatly.

Just then, the light magic hero put the lightning magic hero in a full nelson hold. Usato’s expression never changed—he probably wasn’t even aware of what was happening behind him. But Kyo and I had better hearing than everyone else, and we could just make out what they were saying.

“I know how you feel, senpai, but cool it!” whispered the light magic hero.

“What if it’s just a little?” asked the girl. “What if I only break her just a little? Just enough to make her feel the burn . . .”

“No!”

I realized then that if the light magic hero wasn’t so generous, Mina would have found herself in pretty deep water. Mina herself had no idea, however, and she raised her hand and stepped forward.

“Halpha, I would like to spar with this healer. Is that okay?”

“A sparring match?”

“Yes. He’s a healer who has fought demons, no? That means we don’t have to worry about injuries.”

You little wench. What you’re saying is that you want to turn him into a glorified target.

Mina’s destructive fire magic wasn’t particularly powerful, but it was perfect for inflicting pain. A perfect match for her rotten personality.

But she’d picked the wrong opponent this time. Usato was in another dimension compared to the healers that Mina knew. Ordinarily, healers couldn’t do anything but heal—they couldn’t fight opponents head-on, let alone match a beastkin like me in battle abilities.

In reply to Mina’s wicked grin, the edge of Halpha’s lips curled into a smirk.

“That won’t be necessary,” he said.

“Huh?”

“I can’t allow the beloved daughter of the Lycia family to be put in danger,” continued Halpha, summarily denying her request.

Kyo looked relieved, but I couldn’t shake the bad feeling I had. Would Halpha really deny her a sparring match just because she was the daughter of nobility?

“However, it is true that all of you doubt Usato’s strength. In which case . . . Usato?”

“Yes?”

“How about a sparring match with me in place of Mina? I believe this will be the fastest way for everyone to see your skills in action, so . . . how about it?”

“What?!” I squealed in shock.

Halpha’s magic sight wasn’t even attack magic, and yet he wanted to engage Usato in a sparring match?!





Chapter 2: The School’s Strongest! Healing Magic vs. the Magic Eye!





Before I even knew what was going on, I was in a sparring match with Halpha.

How did this even happen?

“Um, Halpha,” asked the pigtail girl timidly, “when you say ‘in place of,’ you mean . . . ?”

“Exactly what it sounds like. The only person qualified for it is me.”

Halpha shut the girl down quick. A purple light flashed in his eyes as he turned them on me next.

“You don’t mind, do you, Usato?” he asked.

“Er . . . I mean, I guess if we go light, it’s okay.”

Halpha had a magic eye that let him see the flow of magical power, but it didn’t seem like he had any strong magic attack spells. I could probably just outrun the guy. If worse came to worst, I’d knock him out with a healing punch.

“So where are we going to do the sparring?” I asked.

“In the center of the training grounds, please.”

The students were once again in an excited buzz at the prospect of Halpha in a sparring match. I realized then that I’d agreed to everything in the spur of the moment—was there a chance I’d gotten myself into something dangerous?

Well, there’s only one way to find out.

“Well, I guess I’m in a sparring match,” I said to Kazuki and senpai.

“Good luck, Usato,” said Kazuki.

“Do it for me, Usato-kun,” said senpai.

“Thanks, Kazuki.”

I ignored senpai’s air-headed comment and did some light warm-up exercises.

“Wait, what?” she cried, incredulous.

While I was stretching, I looked over at Halpha, who was choosing a weapon for our sparring match. I didn’t need one. I’d once used a spear, but I didn’t want Halpha getting injured, so I didn’t choose to use one.

“Hey!”

I heard the shout along with feet stomping toward me from the crowd of students. The shout came from Kyo. I wondered if it was okay for him to do this—he was drawing a lot of attention from his classmates.

“Hm? You sure it’s okay to be seen talking with me?” I asked.

“It’s not like I want to, but . . . don’t you get it? I came here to warn you!”

Huh? Why would he need to . . . ?

“A warning? For me?” I asked.

I wonder what’s gotten into him? I thought he hated me.

Kiriha arrived soon after, standing behind her brother. She looked as serious as he did.

“Look, that guy you’re fighting, Halpha, he acts like a nice guy for appearances, but he’s legit crazy. He’s not going to hold back, at all.”

“He’s crazy?” I asked.

“If anything happens to you, it derails Amako’s plans. So you have to stop this sparring match right here. That’s what Kyo’s trying to tell you. It’s for your own good. Halpha’s just way too dangerous.”

“Sure, it would be nice if I could, but . . .”

If avoiding the sparring match was an option, I would have taken it. But it wasn’t. Not anymore. I had just told the entire class that I was a member of Llinger Kingdom’s Rescue Team. If I dropped out of the sparring match and everyone said it was because I was a coward, that would be mud all over the Rescue Team’s reputation. It might even have an impact on the results at our next destination.

And more than anything else, if I went back to Llinger and told Rose that I’d run away from a sparring match, I would be in for a fate that was literally worse than death.

No way was I going to submit myself to that.

I didn’t want to make Rose mad. I didn’t want her to punish me, and I didn’t want to let her down.

“I’m doing this,” I said. “As long as I wear this uniform, defeat is not an option.”

Because, as I said, defeat would only mean more punishment.

“But Halpha sees things only in terms of the strong and the weak!” said Kyo. “He goes so hard on mages that even they end up practically disabled! Are you listening to me?!”

“It’s alright,” I said. “I bet he’s not as bad as my teacher.”

As long as it wasn’t the kind of punch that launched a person ten meters through the air, I’d be fine. And anyway, Kyo and Kiriha had given me a good enough idea of the sort of person Halpha was.

I knew it from the way he snuck up behind me and spoke with that spine-tingling voice the first time we met. I knew it from the way he acted when he heard I was a healer in the Rescue Team. And I knew it from the disappointed look on his face when I said I didn’t want to give a demonstration—he was constantly sizing me up and curious to see if I met his expectations.

“Well then, Usato,” said Halpha. “Are you ready?”

I left Kiriha and Kyo where they stood and walked to the center of the training grounds. Halpha walked casually over at the same time. He held a staff about as tall as he was, and he spun it in his hands with ease, smiling the whole time. Now that I’d heard Kiriha and Kyo’s opinion of the guy, the smile struck me as unsettling.

“I’m good to go,” I said.

“Very good. Excuse me, Suzune. Would you mind giving us the signal to begin?”

“Hm? Oh, not at all.”

Senpai nodded as Halpha and I faced off. I stood with my legs shoulder width apart, while Halpha took a low stance, his staff pointed at me. I saw his start to glow purple with magic that seemed to be slowly getting more powerful. There was something cold in his gaze. As always, I covered my body in light healing magic.

All I needed to do was keep my power under control, so I decided I’d start by putting into practice what I’d learned most recently—I’d dodge everything I could weave away from, and if all things went well, I could test increasing the density of my healing magic.

“Get ready!”

I heard the pure glee in senpai’s voice. She raised her hand up into the air, then glanced at Halpha and me. She took a step forward and brought her hand down.

“Begin!” she shouted.

The very moment senpai’s voice rang out through the air, I leaped backward with everything I had. At the same time, Halpha’s staff came flying down right where I once stood.

“Huh?! I’m certain I was quicker to start just now . . .” muttered Halpha.





“I’m an expert when it comes to getaways!” I said.

“Hmph. Then I will catch you!”

I landed about ten meters from where I started, and Halpha was already chasing me down, ready to send his staff flying right at me.

He was quick.

Aside from Rose and the Rescue Team, this was the first person I’d fought outside of her with this kind of speed.

“Whoa!”

I turned my body to the side, letting Halpha’s merciless thrust go right where my head should have been. He came at me with another thrusting attack, but I could see it coming and I twisted my body. But as I tried to leap to the side . . .

“Oh, no you don’t!”

Halpha’s staff swung in an arc, tripping up my legs. It was as if he could predict my movements.

Caught off balance, I bounced off my hand and back to my feet. I let out a sigh as I looked up at Halpha again.

“This is proving harder than I expected . . .” he muttered.

“Funny. I was just thinking the exact same . . . whoa!”

Halpha launched into another attack—he had no intention of letting me catch my breath. I tried to dodge the attack the same way I did previously, but the staff thrusting for my head stopped at the last second and swung toward me.

I ducked in panic as the staff flew over my head, but Halpha was waiting for me with a knee.

“Win at all costs, huh?” I muttered.

Just as Halpha’s knee was about to collide with my face, I twisted my body and evaded the attack.

Everything Halpha threw at me was aimed at a vital organ or weak point. This was why Kiriha and Kyo had tried to stop me. If Rose hadn’t beaten evasive maneuvers into me through training, I would have had no choice but to simply beat Halpha into unconsciousness already.

“But it’s not just that . . .” I muttered to myself.

I had a feeling that Halpha was predicting my movements. Did it have something to do with my movement being faster than his first attack? Rose had trained me well, but having to evade attacks that flowed straight into new ones made things difficult.

“Amazing! To think I’ve done this much . . . and you remain unharmed!” exclaimed Halpha.

“This is going nowhere,” I muttered.

All the same, Halpha continued to press the attack. I had to be careful not to get too close to make any mistakes, but . . .

I took a breath.

It’s about time I got a few hits in.

I wasn’t expecting to get out of a sparring match without a few bumps and bruises. With that in mind, I decided to shift from an evasive focus to one of pressure. I took a deep breath and raised my fists. Halpha held his staff above his head and came at me again. This time, I focused my healing magic on my arms and accepted the attack.

It stung a bit, but it wasn’t anything as bad as a sword or a spear.

“You shifted your magic to your hands?!” Halpha cried, shocked.

I launched a high kick in return, but Halpha deftly leaped backward and put some space between us.

Now it’s my turn.

Before Halpha had a chance to ready his staff, I leaped at him with a flying kick. But just before it landed, Halpha dodged out of the way. Now I knew that he was predicting my attacks, and I would have to fight him with that in mind.

I just prayed that he wasn’t on the same level as Amako—that would have just been plain unfair.

“Time for some brute force!”

I managed to leap into close quarters with Halpha. He’d composed himself after my kick and once more thrust his staff at me.

But this time, I’m not dodging!

I parried the staff so it missed my head and poured magical power into my fist. The staff made a cut along my cheek as it flew by, but I ignored it and clenched my fist.

“Predict this!” I shouted.

Halpha’s eyes grew wide.

“What?! At this distance?!”

Before my fist collided with Halpha’s stomach, I felt something hard hit my fist, but momentum carried my punch straight through, and Halpha went flying into the air. He didn’t fly particularly far, but I had to wonder if this was what it looked like when Rose did the same to me.

Wait . . .

“Oh no!”

Have you gone insane! Why are you judging things on Rose’s level?!

All I needed to do was knock Halpha out, but instead, I’d sent him flying!

I ran over to help as Halpha plummeted toward the ground, but he spun in the air and landed on one knee.

“That’s the first time I ever thought I might die in a sparring match,” he said with a chuckle.

“I’m so sorry! I lost control for a second there, and I’m, uh . . . I’m kind of used to people going flying like that.”

In the corner of my eye, I could see the students in Halpha’s class. Their faces were pale, and they blinked like they couldn’t believe what they’d just seen.

“I’d have been in a very bad spot if not for this . . .” said Halpha, showing me his staff, which was now broken into two parts.

Ah, so right at the last second, he was able to defend against my fist with his staff, huh? That’s impressive defense. It’s certainly a better defense than any demon I’ve seen on the battlefield.

I was, secretly, quite impressed. Halpha then readied the two sides of his staff like they were batons and faced me again.

“Can you keep going?” I asked.

“Thanks to your healing magic, it’s nothing serious . . .” said Halpha. “But I can’t let things end like this. You’re so much stronger than I imagined. I’m so enamored by it. I won’t forgive any of them for looking down on you.”

All the same, it was amazing that Halpha still had fight left in him after I’d sent him flying with an attack like that. I was ready for us to call it a day, but I could tell it wasn’t going to be that easy.

“Well, alright,” I said.

I let my fist open and ran my hand along the cut on my cheek, healing it. Once I was sure it was healed shut, I closed my fist and readied it for Halpha’s next attack.

“I never intended to underestimate you,” he said, “but I never imagined healing magic could be quite so formidable.”

Based on the circumstances, it looked like I had the upper hand. However, Halpha’s weapon had changed. His staff was broken in half, so he now essentially held a baton in each hand. That meant he could essentially attack more. He had less reach, but that didn’t make him less dangerous.

“Guess I could break them . . .” I muttered.

Based on the feeling of hitting the staff earlier, breaking Halpha’s weapons wouldn’t require too much power. I was a little worried at the silence from the watching students because it was like they were at a funeral. I shifted my focus to disarming Halpha and rendering him powerless. I was sick of having to deal with him attacking me with all those shots aiming for my head, anyway.

“Aha,” said Halpha. “So you’re finally ready to get serious.”

“Serious? I never even wanted to do this . . .”

“Oh, but you jest . . . I know the true difference in our powers. Your extraordinary physical abilities far surpass my eye. I apologize for pushing you into battle when your power is meant for healing the wounded, but forgive me . . . I am only doing my duty.”

Duty? What are you on about? It doesn’t matter. Not yet, anyway.

Halpha’s eyes filled with an instant of sympathy before releasing the force of a wild beast. He held the two ends of the staff in his hands like an expert and looked ready to respond to my attacks.

“Well, if you’re going to insist that I come at you . . .” I muttered.

Then you leave me no choice.

I jumped lightly in place, waiting for the right time to pounce. It didn’t matter if Halpha was aiming for a counter or if his defenses were airtight—my tactics were the same.

Run and hit—as simple as that.

I leaped forward and angled to the right to take Halpha on from the side. As expected, Halpha had seen me coming, but all the same, I threw a punch filled with healing magic. Halpha took my fist with both of his batons and leaped backward at the same time to escape the shock of the impact.

But there was something off about his reaction. He followed me with his eyes, but his body was clearly moving slower. When I followed it up with a kick, he deftly evaded it and threw a counter of his own.

I tilted my head and weaved away from the baton and took a step back to look at Halpha more closely. I was on the offense, and yet my attacks didn’t feel like they were getting through. I felt that if Halpha focused purely on defense and evasion, I couldn’t beat him.

“I can’t beat you with strength, speed, or endurance, but . . .” said Halpha, dodging all of my strikes and putting distance between us. “I’ve got plenty of tricks up my sleeve!”

“I’d really prefer if you wouldn’t look at me like you’re fighting some kind of crazy monster,” I said.

Jeez, I am getting tired of this . . .

“If you’re going to keep dodging everything I throw . . .”

I know I’m inexperienced when it comes to fighting, but am I really that easy to read?

“Then how about . . .”

I threw a front kick, expecting Halpha to dodge it. As expected, he leaped backward and into the air, but my momentum allowed me to close the distance before he could get too far away.

“So that’s your game!” said Halpha.

“No more running!”

At this distance, even with my lack of experience, I could get my hands on Halpha. Expecting him to block my next attack with his batons, I clenched my fist. We’d fought long enough now that I knew I didn’t have to hold back.

“Take this!”

I’m going to decimate those batons!

I put even more power into my punch than I did when I last hit him. I angled my fist slightly downward, aimed at his weapons, but . . . before Halpha landed where I expected, he kicked off of something behind him and twisted his body to evade my punch!

“Got your blindside!” cried Halpha, spinning and landing behind me.

“Huh?!”

His batons hit me in the back with the momentum of his spin, and though it didn’t really hurt, it helped to propel my fist, which had lost its target. I couldn’t stop it, and my fist collided with the object that Halpha had kicked off of in order to get out of the way. At first, I felt something soft envelop my hand, but the thing burst as my fist ran straight through it.

“Oh . . .”

It was then that I finally realized what I had punched. It had been hammered firmly into the ground, and it was the same thing as what senpai and Kazuki had just destroyed mere moments ago—it was a training ground target.

The chatter of the students erupted and had me in an uncomfortable sweat.

“Huh . . . ? Are you for real?”

“Is it even possible to break one of those things with a bare fist?”

“Er, what would a punch like that do if it hit another human?”

I ignored Halpha for a second and glanced over at senpai and Kazuki. Senpai was giving me a thumbs-up with a look on her face like she was supremely satisfied. Kazuki’s eyes were aglow. Kiriha was trembling with fear, and Kyo was watching over her worriedly. Meanwhile, the students themselves clearly saw me as a monster.

“This, uh . . . This was probably already broken . . .” I muttered, unsure of what else to say.

I clenched my fist and tried to pull my arm free, but . . .

Oh no. It’s stuck?!

“Like a lamb to the slaughter!”

I heard Halpha running up behind me. He was not going to let this opportunity slip through his fingers. I was in a panic—how did I get myself into this?!

“W-Wait a second!” I cried. “Time out! I’m stuck!”

“You take what you can get!” said Halpha. “Never imagined you’d actually punch through a target, but . . . it was my strategy!”

“What the hell kind of a strategy is that?!”

Halpha ran up to launch an attack as I struggled with my predicament. I was in a tight spot with my arm trapped. On top of that, Halpha wasn’t the type I could handle with just one arm and my legs. I’d be counting the seconds until the end if he got to me before I could move freely.

No way. As if I’m going to let myself go down due to something as stupid as this! Rose will kill me!

I roared and threw a kick at Halpha as he tried to hit me with his batons. He managed to block it, but it still sent him flying. It bought me a little time, and I set about pulling the target out of the ground. I put my right hand under my left—the one that was stuck—and put all my power into ripping the target from the ground.

“Usato-kun, are you really doing it?! Are you truly leaving the realm of human abilities?!” senpai screeched.

Senpai, please shut up!

I clenched my teeth and stomped my feet down hard, and finally, the immovable target—which felt like a telephone pole—started to shake.

“Come on!” I shouted.

I grabbed the side of the target with my free hand, lifted with a burst of energy, and somehow pulled the target from the ground. It must have been buried a meter deep. I’d succeeded in one thing, but my arm was still stuck inside the target, and Halpha was launching himself into another strike with his batons.

“Not! Like! This!” I shouted.

I swung the target like a weapon, forcing Halpha to leap backward to safety.

“Now that’s unexpected,” he muttered.

“Yeah, I surprised even myself,” I said.

Still, I was lucky it was buried so shallow—it was easier to pull out than I’d expected.

“Amazing, Usato,” said Halpha. “Those targets are kept securely in place with fastening magic, and you just ripped one right out of the ground.”

“Oh. Um, but I mean, it wasn’t exactly easy for me.”

I mean, it’s more likely that the magic just happened to be wearing off on the target I happened to impale.

All the same, I was surprised that Halpha had used the target as a means to leap behind me and catch me off guard. He was excellent in combat and aware of his surroundings to the point he could use them to his advantage. I could understand why Kiriha and Kyo thought he was dangerous. More than anything else, he could read my movements like a book.

I have to find a way to counter that.

“Oh. Now there’s an idea . . .” I said.

I ripped my left arm free of the target and cooled my head and I remembered something. Halpha had magic sight, which was a type of magic eye—it allowed him to see the flow of magic in humans and creatures alike.

I’d gotten so caught up in thinking of it as a kind of weakened version of Amako’s precognitive vision that I slipped up—I hadn’t considered how Halpha’s own magical sight worked.

If Halpha’s magic sight worked by sensing my attacks, then I could see how he was predicting all my movements. When we first met, he even told me that my magic was pure. In other words, he could see the flow of magic through my body even when I wasn’t using it.

“Let’s put it to the test, then,” I muttered.

If he could see all of my attacks coming, I would never be able to land a decisive blow. But throwing everything into an attack on a human wasn’t just dangerous for the opponent; it could also be used against me—and that had literally just happened. There was only one thing left to do.

“You’re up to something . . .” said Halpha.

I clenched my left hand lightly, which had magic flowing through it, and approached Halpha. There was no need to seriously attack him because what I wanted to test was . . .

“This,” I said, moving the healing magic from my hand to my right leg, then throwing a punch with my left hand. I put some speed and power behind it, but not so much that Halpha couldn’t easily get out of the way.

Except that instead of evading, Halpha widened his eyes and panicked to defend himself. He just managed to react in time, but now I had a read on him.

“So your magic sight doesn’t just see the flow of magical power,” I said.

“So you realized . . .”

Halpha put some space between us and lowered his weapons. Then he took a breath.

“You know that magic circulates around the human body, yes?” he said.

To my surprise, Halpha began explaining it to me. Then again, it probably didn’t matter if I knew. There wasn’t much I could do to an opponent with eyes like his save for poking them out.

“Magic that flows like a gentle stream creates a ‘wavering’ that comes from a caster’s movements and spells. I can see your wavering—thus, I can read your movements. But your physical abilities surpass my magical power. That’s a weak point I can’t avoid . . .”

I see. Wavering, huh?

So the reason that Halpha’s movements were slow just now was because I had moved my magical power in a way he didn’t expect. The resulting confusion blocked his view of my “wavering,” and Halpha didn’t know if I was going to attack with my left hand or my right leg.

Halpha watched as the understanding dawned on me, then pointed his weapons at me.

“However, your feints won’t work on me a second time. I can still handle you . . .”

“Not after my next attack.”

If Halpha was reading my movements by watching my magical power, then it was simple. If feinting wasn’t going to work on him anymore, I still had the perfect ace up my sleeve. It was risky, sure, but it would work perfectly on someone like Halpha, who relied on reading the flow of magic.

I took off running, straight for him.

“It doesn’t matter how fast you are. Full-frontal attacks are useless!” he said.

Duh. Even I know that.

But for my attack to work, I had to face Halpha head-on—it was best for me to be right in the middle of his line of sight. I thrust out my right hand so he could see me charging it with healing magic, running at him the whole time.

“I told you I won’t fall for the same trick twice,” said Halpha.

“Then how about this?”

With healing magic activated in my right hand, I poured as much magical power into it as I could. My hand began to glow, and the pale green of my magical power grew darker.

“Light . . . ?!” cried Halpha.

This was how I would take Halpha’s magic sight out of the game—by blinding him. I swung my right hand to the side, and his sight was drawn to the energy even as he struggled to focus.

The tactic worked especially because Halpha’s eyes were so powerful. They were honed to such sensitivity that they could follow my movements, which meant, of course, they would see the powerful light of my healing magic as it surrounded my hand.

For Halpha, he had left a fatal opening, and I was on him in an instant—I kicked the batons from his hands and threw a punch.

“Wha?!” Halpha exclaimed.

But my uppercut was faster than Halpha’s defenses.

“Got you!” I shouted, stopping my fist mere millimeters before it connected with Halpha’s jaw.

I turned my gaze on Halpha’s face, dreading the idea that he might still want to keep fighting, but . . . instead, he laughed.

“How very suddenly things come to an end . . .” he whispered, raising both hands in the air. “I throw in the towel. You have bested me completely. You are, it would seem, just as strong as I thought.”

It was finally over. And it really did feel like it had come down to the wire. I heaved a sigh of relief and then became aware of the pain pulsing through my right hand. When I looked at it, I found that it was bleeding. Probably I’d been too hasty in the way I boosted the healing magic, and my hand couldn’t handle the excess strain. All the same, I quickly healed it back to normal with my regular healing magic.

“At least the cuts weren’t as deep this time,” I said to myself.

It seemed like I was gaining better control of my magic. Well, at least more than previously, anyway—I was sure of that much. I was happy enough to strike something of a victory pose too—even if the gesture was decidedly out of character.





* * *





Senpai was giggling upon my return.

“I knew you could do it, Usato-kun!” she said, beaming.

The words provided me little joy. I looked around to see the students whispering to each other as they ogled at me. Halpha, meanwhile, wore only a satisfied smile.

Thanks to our fight, I’d discovered something I had to work on: controlling my strength in fights against other humans. I didn’t even want to imagine what would happen if I hit one with the power I used against demons and monsters. Thanks to fighting against someone as honest (I mean, I think?) as Halpha, that much was crystal clear.

I let out a tired sigh.

“I know it’s not in your personality to do that kind of thing, but that’s what we needed for the test, you know?” said Kazuki.

“Test? What?”

But senpai only replied to my question with a smile that said she knew more than I did.

If you know something, quit the act and fill me in already!

“Usato, you were truly amazing in that sparring match,” said Halpha before I could ask senpai a follow-up question. “But I never imagined you’d make use of a Mana Boost. Even I was astounded.”

Halpha was surprised at the way I’d intensified my own magic, but the lower-grade students around him looked at him with blank stares.

“Hm? Oh, I suppose you haven’t learned about boosting yet, have you? The Mana Boost is a technique through which magical power is intensified. A person’s magical power density is, for the most part, something they’re born with. But overcoming this is called Mana Boosting. By working hard and polishing the technique, even a weak fire mage could learn to wield great walls of flame.”

For healing magic, the Mana Boost simply improved my ability to heal others while decreasing my own self-healing power, but Halpha made it sound like it was different depending on the magic type.

“I see those looks on your faces and I know what you’re thinking,” said Halpha. “You want to know why we don’t teach you Mana Boosting right away. Well, the answer is simple—it’s not something for the inexperienced to play around with. One mistake and you could find your magic running wild to the point of exploding. It is only for those with precise control over their magical power”—Halpha then put a hand on my shoulder and looked out at the students—“or those who can endure the pain of the practice that results in mastery. Today has been a valuable lesson for all of you. You may make fun of healers and their healing magic, but here today, you have seen the power they can wield.”

It was a bold declaration. If anything, Halpha seemed to be fanning the flames.

Aren’t your students liable to snap, Halpha?

And there was a portion of students who hadn’t taken his words well—the ones who were making their glares obvious. The girl with the pigtails—who challenged me to a match in the first place—was practically seething.

It was then that I noticed a boy staring blankly at me from the building behind the group of students.

“Hm?”

The boy was small, and his robe was all dirty with soot . . . It was Luqvist’s healer.

Our eyes met. It was like he’d just seen the unbelievable. Whatever Halpha might have thought about it, I realized then that perhaps I’d made a terrible mistake.

I had shown the power of healing magic.

But just how much of that power could the other healer wield?

The thought made me very uneasy.





Chapter 3: Usato Takes a Disciple!





“Come on . . . cheer up, Usato-kun!” said Inukami-senpai.

“That was the first time I’ve seen you fight, Usato,” added Kazuki. “You were incredible!”

I was facedown on a table in the school’s cafeteria. Halpha had brought us here after the class observation ended. I couldn’t rid myself of the feeling of regret that hounded me—all because I’d gone too far in the sparring match earlier.

“Why don’t I ever think before I act?” I said. “I’m an idiot . . .”

Kazuki and Inukami-senpai were both regarded as “heroes who wielded powerful magic,” but when it came to me, it didn’t matter how you looked at it; I just didn’t fight like a mage at all. You just couldn’t call me a good example of a healer. I could already see the rumors spreading.

“It’s not just you, Usato,” said Kazuki. “We didn’t think much of giving demonstrations, and that put you in a position where you didn’t have any other choice . . .”

“I’m sorry too. I got really carried away,” said Inukami-senpai.

“Don’t apologize, guys,” I said. “I mean, in the end, I was the one who decided to do it.”

The problem was not knowing what kind of impact my actions would have on the school. There was every chance it could have repercussions for the healer here in Luqvist.

That reminds me. I should tell them about that healer.

I opened up to Kazuki and Inukami-senpai about the healer I’d met and what I’d seen at the end of that alleyway. Inukami listened with her arms crossed, like she had some thoughts about it.

“So what do you want to do about it?” she asked.

“Huh?”

“Do you want to save him? Or do you want to give him what he needs to not get bullied?”

The two options sounded like the same thing, but they were fundamentally different. The latter meant putting him in a position where he would not be bullied again, whereas the former was a makeshift solution that would probably last until we left.

“To be honest, I’m not sure what to do,” I said. “But I don’t want to turn away from it and pretend it’s not happening.”

“It’s just like I couldn’t stand those students trying to belittle you earlier. That was a bit different, but basically the same,” she said.

“I’m surprised you can say something like that without feeling embarrassed.”

“You’re our friend, Usato,” said senpai. “Of course you’re important to us.”

The words hit me so suddenly I couldn’t even look her in the eye.

“Oh my, did I bring out your bashful side?” said senpai jokingly.

“Leave him alone . . .” said Kazuki with an admonishing grin.

Talk about catching me off guard, senpai. Hitting someone while he’s open like that is a coward’s strategy.

I glanced at senpai and saw that she’d thought of something. Her kindly expression suddenly morphed into a bold grin as she put her hand around my shoulder.

“Oh, that reminds me, Usato,” she said, “about that place where you’ll be staying tonight . . .”

“The answer is no,” I said.

“Read the room, Usato! The answer should be yes! I mean, I’m a good senpai, am I not?!”

Says you.

“Don’t you already have a nice bed and wonderful meals at the lodging?” I asked. “How about just making do with all that luxury?”

“I don’t need any of that! I want to live a life of fantasy!”

“Then be at ease,” I said, “because that’s all you do and talk about.”

What the hell? Live a life of fantasy, she says. What a turn-off.

Realizing that convincing me was not going to be an easy task, Inukami-senpai stood up and grabbed my shoulders. Suddenly, all eyes were on us.

“Get ahold of yourself, senpai!” I pleaded. “I’m not trying to be mean, you know?”

“But Kiriha asked me to ask you!”

“Since when have you two been speaking?!”

Since the training earlier?! Could senpai be any more cunning? And why was Kiriha dumping the decision on me like that?!

“Relax, senpai!” said Kazuki, trying to stop her. “You’re making things harder on Usato.”

Usually, she would have stopped there, but this time, she wasn’t going to give up quite so easily.

“No!” she said. “I’m not going to back down. I . . .”

But at that moment, she saw something behind me and let out a little gasp of surprise. For her to go from heated to cool in an instant meant only one thing—there was someone behind me.

“You look like you’re having a good time,” said a female voice with a giggle.

“What are you doing?” said another.

Behind me were the golden-haired Gladys and Welcie, both staring at senpai and me with question marks in their eyes. It seemed they had something to discuss because they sat next to Kazuki, opposite senpai and me.

It doesn’t look like they’ve come for lunch, that’s for sure.

“We owe you all an apology,” said Gladys.

“An apology? Why?”

I had no idea what she could have been talking about. What would Gladys have to apologize for? If anyone had to apologize, I figured it would be me for the disturbance I’d made. Gladys ignored the watchful eyes of the students in the cafeteria and looked at us.

“Yesterday, after you left, all of the teachers gathered to discuss Llinger Kingdom’s letter and what we should do.”

“And that meeting is related to why you have to apologize?” I asked.

Did it result in something bad for me and the others?

“Well . . .” started Gladys. “Among the teachers, some openly questioned its contents. They were skeptical of the existence of the heroes and the power of the Demon Lord’s army. They did not think it was worth believing you, and many agreed that it was our job to protect the children of this country.”

“We can’t really say anything if they doubt us—we’re envoys from a neighboring country, but we’re also outsiders,” Suzune said.

“All the same, it’s just a front they’re all putting up—the reality is that they’re scared. All they know of fighting the Demon Lord’s army is what they’ve read and heard in stories. The Demon Lord appears to them as a huge, powerful force. They rejected the offer of the letter . . . However, if Llinger Kingdom had fallen in its last battle against the Demon Lord’s army, their next target would have been us.”

This was true. If the Demon Lord had taken Llinger, it would have become his new base of operations—his forces would have only expanded from there. It was hard to imagine Luqvist putting up much of a fight—the majority of its mages were simply not battle-hardened. Gladys knew this.

“No matter how much I tried to explain, none would believe in your power. So with Welcie’s help, we arranged something of a . . . demonstration.”

“Which meant you had us attend a class and take part in it,” said senpai.

“You noticed?”

“When Usato-kun was fighting, I noticed a lot of people in the nearby buildings watching him. So I had a hunch that something was up,” senpai admitted.

So that was what senpai meant when she said that my fight was “what we needed.” She was a sharp one; I had to give her that. I wish she would have told me earlier though. Fighting Halpha was a whole ordeal and I drew way more attention than I ever intended. But then again, maybe that was exactly what Gladys wanted.

Gladys put a hand to her mouth in response to senpai’s comment—she looked embarrassed and apologetic. She always had the refined aura of an older woman, but in that moment, there was something playful about her—it made us feel closer.

“I’m sorry for hiding the reasons from you,” she said. “But your demonstrations exceeded all expectations—the teachers who didn’t believe in you were stunned into silence.” Gladys giggled at the memory. “Nobody expected Usato to decimate fastening magic with his bare hands.”

Ah, so pulling one of those targets out of the ground isn’t normal, then.

I knew that my daily training had made me stronger all around, but I didn’t think I’d gotten that strong. The thought made me realize that keeping up my basic training was actually really important.

Welcie was nodding along with Gladys’s story until she suddenly remembered something and leaped to her feet. There was a very strict look on her face as she glared right at me.

“Usato-sama!” she shouted. “I told you yesterday, didn’t I!? Boosting your magic is dangerous! And to think . . . to think you’d use it in such wild, reckless fashion! That’s the wrong way to use it!”

Yeah, I guess using magic boosting just to create a feint for an attack was going overboard a bit.

Welcie looked genuinely worried though, so I felt I owed her an apology.

“I’m sorry,” I said. “I overdid it, didn’t I?”

“As long as you’re aware of what you did,” she said, and then she broke into a smile. “However, I must say your battle and healing magic were superb.”

The compliment made me happy. I felt like all my hard work had paid off in some small way.

“So was Halpha your man on the inside, so to speak?” asked senpai.

“Indeed he was. But the girl who issued the challenge was not. Only Halpha knew what was going on.”

That meant that when the girl had issued her challenge of a sparring match, Halpha saw it as a golden opportunity to jump in himself.

“I am so glad I left it in his hands,” said Gladys. “Any other mage would have been done and dusted before you even had a chance to show your real strength. That Rose sure knows how to train her members. No ordinary person can send a human flying with a single strike.”

I laughed.

“I’ve still got a long way to go,” I admitted. “Until recently, Rose was hitting me so hard in training that I was flying ten times farther than Halpha did. And get this—whenever I got out of the way of that strike, she roundhouse kicked me in the guts. It was crazy. Just absurd, you know?”

To be honest, until I got used to it, I really thought I was going to die. I think my brain probably automatically numbed itself to dull the pain.

“R-Really . . . ?”

“Usato-sama, are you . . . ?”

Um, wait. This is the part where you’re all supposed to laugh. You’re all supposed to be like, “That Rose sure is a wacky one!”

Gladys’s smile was gone, replaced by serious concern. Welcie, meanwhile, had a question in her eyes—something along the lines of, “I realize that you are telling the truth, but how in the world are you still alive?”

“Rose is wild,” uttered Kazuki.

“Is she even human though?” added senpai.

Leave it to me to make things all awkward.

“Um, actually, Gladys, I was wondering if I could ask permission for something?”

“What’s on your mind? As long as the request is within reason, I’m happy to help.”

“It’s about Blurin . . . er, I mean, the monster . . . uh, the familiar I brought with me. Am I allowed to take him around town with me?”

“I don’t see why not—plenty of students have familiars here.”

Yes! Permission granted! You just wait, Blurin! Your life of laziness ends today—tomorrow, you and I are going running!

Knowing that I could do my training with Blurin put me in a good mood.

“Um, Usato-sama,” said Welcie with some timidity. “You know that Blurin isn’t a familiar, yes?”

“Oh, really?”

What’s this now? What am I supposed to call him, then?

“Whatever do you mean, Welcie?” asked Gladys.

“Um . . . Usato-sama and his monster aren’t bound by a familiar contract. That said, it may be more correct to say that they don’t need to be.”

“We don’t?” I asked.

“A familiar contract is binding when the blood of both master and monster is used to enter into a blood pact. Sometimes conditions include a monster submitting to their master’s control, whoever it may be.”

“Huh? So familiars have to essentially jump through hoops to even become familiars?”

I had no idea it was such a bother . . . I figured it was like we’d just write something down on a piece of paper and then we’d be all good. But I didn’t like the sound of the familiar contract. I didn’t want Blurin to submit to me, like some kind of servant. Blurin wasn’t going to betray me or anything like that.

“Usato-sama and Blurin don’t have a master-servant relationship,” explained Welcie. “It’s . . . Well, they’re more like friends.”

“My, that is quite something. Partners without a contract . . . and what is this monster of yours, Usato?” asked Gladys.

“It’s a Blue Grizzly.”

“A what?!”

“A Blue Grizzly.”

She asked again, so I answered again. But Gladys froze in place. Welcie looked troubled, like she’d had a feeling this was going to happen. Ururu had told me that blue grizzlies didn’t usually get along well with humans, so I guess that was why they didn’t usually become familiars. Or I guess it was just because they were dangerous monsters to begin with.

That last one made sense to me. Blurin spent most of his time lazing around, but at heart, he was a vicious monster—it was probably natural for people to be shocked that I was rolling with a grizzly without a binding familiar contract.

“Well, I suppose as long as it isn’t dangerous, it’s fine,” said Gladys. “Just make sure it doesn’t run wild, please.”

“Understood. If it happens to get out of control, I’ll hold it down myself.”

“I would usually assume that anyone saying that about a grizzly would be a liar, but in your case, I actually believe it,” muttered Gladys so softly I almost couldn’t catch it.

In any case, I had permission to take Blurin with me around town. And that meant training would improve—the grizzly made for a good weight replacement.

“Senpai, Kazuki, what are you guys going to do now?” I asked.

“Why don’t we go visit Blurin?” said senpai. “Now that we have permission, we should let him know.”

“I’m kind of tired, so I’m going to head back to the lodging,” said Kazuki. “You two go off and have fun.”

I was suspicious of the way he looked at me and senpai as he talked, but I let it slide. Kazuki was heading back to the lodging to relax, and Senpai and I were going to see Blurin.

“Well then,” said senpai, “we’ll be heading off.”

“Please feel free to visit again,” said Gladys. “Oh, and also, there’s a magic competition in a week’s time. We hold it once a month. It’s a chance for the students to face off against each other in competition, so it’s a good chance to see a variety of magic techniques. If you’re interested, please feel free to come watch.”

“One week, huh?”

“As for Llinger Kingdom’s request, the discussions will likely continue for some time. Being that you won’t have any other duties to see to, I’ll leave it up to you, okay?”

A magic competition . . . students facing off in sparring matches. It sounded like fun. We bid farewell to Gladys and Welcie and headed out.

You just wait, Blurin! Your slacking off ends now!





* * *





Usato-sama and the two heroes left the cafeteria. I waited until they were out of sight before asking Gladys my question.

“Are you sure it’s okay not to tell them?”

“It seems he’s worried about it too, so for the time being, it’s best to say nothing. They don’t need to know that there was more to Halpha’s sparring match than convincing the other teachers.”

Naturally, the goal of the demonstrations was to have the teachers of Luqvist understand the power that the heroes wielded. In that, we succeeded with flying colors. Suzune-sama showed her overwhelming offensive power, Kazuki-sama displayed his precise control, and Usato-sama showed off his unconventional use of healing magic, along with his inhuman speed and power.

That said, I never expected Usato-sama to use Mana Boosting to launch a surprise attack. Seeing it sent a shiver down my spine.

“What the school needs, Welcie, is a spark. Something to ignite reform in the minds of our students. They are too concerned with power, magic, and race. The healer Usato and Halpha, with his magic sight, were a good place to start that fire.”

To show off conventional magic, Suzune-sama or Kazuki-sama would have been better opponents for Halpha, and yet Gladys had deliberately selected Usato-sama. She wanted her students to see that particular fight.

“Healing magic only heals. Magical eyes only see. The two magics are different types, but similar in how they are perceived. It was valuable for the students—and more importantly, this city’s inhabitants—to see that they are more,” Gladys went on.

It was, in that sense, a sparring match to put cracks in long-held beliefs.

And to say that it was effective was an understatement. The students saw themselves as superior with their magical affinities and abundance of magical power. But they were now forced to understand how less powerful they were compared to magical affinities they had long deemed inconsequential and meaningless. Though the method was quite blunt, it was also quite logical.

However, although the letter made for a good reason, it made me sad to think we had to keep things secret from the three heroes. Gladys giggled.

“Usato is nothing if not a surprise. We go to the trouble of giving him a room at a nice lodge, and he stays elsewhere. On top of that, he ends up in the beastkin neighborhood. The beastkin in Luqvist hate humans. He truly is a strange one.”

All I could do was simply laugh along with her. The three youths had been summoned from a different world, and they had entirely different sensibilities. They looked at everything in this world with the wonder of children.

In particular, I could tell how trustworthy Usato-sama was whenever I saw him together with the beastkin, Amako-sama.

“He does not shirk away from creatures that are not human, and so I believe that he can change the prejudiced modes of thought that have taken root here,” said Gladys. “I want our people to understand that every magic affinity is a jewel that can be polished to shine, that all magic can be put to good use, and that everyone can grow to be something special.”

There was a kindness in Gladys’s eyes as she spoke. She was responsible for this city, after all. And perhaps it vexed her that she was forced to leave this task to Usato-sama and his friends, but she was still its leader. Even if she wanted reform, she could not go about such a thing recklessly.

And that was why, in this case, she relied on us for help.

But this did not stop Gladys from putting a hand to her head as worry suddenly overwhelmed her.

“However, I must admit—I am terribly worried that today’s sparring match will lead to some students making rather rash decisions.”





* * *





Senpai and I parted ways with Kazuki at the entrance to the lodging and headed toward the stable where Blurin and Amako were. Senpai was in an odd mood, which had me worried that she would do what she did when we first arrived—be drawn to some item for sale and then disappear into a crowd somewhere.

“The other healer, the boy who was here, saw the sparring match this morning, right?” she asked.

“Yeah, he looked at me with major shock on his face. We’ve met before, so he was probably surprised to find out that I’m a healer just like he is,” I said.

“Don’t you think it’s more likely he was shocked because of how different you two are? To anyone who doesn’t know any better, you look like anything but a healer. He probably only realized it when Halpha told everyone.”

I guess that was one way of looking at it. I was aware that I wasn’t exactly your typical healer, but when I thought about it, I could see how Halpha’s words might have brought that expression out of the kid.

But why was he in such a mad rush to get away when he regained consciousness that last time? Because he was late for class? Stop it. Let’s not let our imagination get carried away.

Senpai must have noticed I had something on my mind because she simply walked alongside me, silently.

It was just after lunch, so the main street was packed with people. It seemed like word had spread about us since the demonstration because passersby were whispering among themselves while they looked at us. My uniform never helped me out in these kinds of situations. It was made to stand out, so naturally, it drew attention. I always hated it in times like these.

“You, uh . . . you kind of stand out, Usato-kun,” senpai mentioned.

“Should I take the coat off?” I asked.

“No, you don’t have to go that far. Your uniform isn’t just cool. The design of it has meaning too. I want to wear it.”

“Well, you can’t.”

I would lend it to her, sure, but another one couldn’t be made. The only other coat like the one I wore belonged to Rose, and I didn’t even know what it was made of. It wasn’t leather and it wasn’t cloth—it was some other kind of strange material.

“Usato-kun . . . up ahead.”

“Huh?”

Senpai gestured ahead of her at an alleyway I’d seen before. There was a crowd gathered. It was the same alley where I’d found the other healer unconscious.

I’ve got a bad feeling about this . . .

“Let’s go,” I said.

“Huh? Whoa! Usato-kun?!”

I was at the crowd in an instant, pushing through them for a better view. Just then, I heard a fiery rumble like a bomb going off.

“No way!” I shouted.

I assumed the worst and knew I had to hurry, but then I noticed a man in the corner of my eye—it was the bystander I’d talked to in the morning. He seemed to remember me too.

“You’re that guy from this morning,” he said, bewildered. “The guy with the weird outfit.”

“What happened?!” I shouted.

“Uh, well, that kid from this morning is getting bullied again. But it’s on a whole other level this time.”

Is this my fault? I never imagined this sort of thing would happen so quickly. If they wanted to vent their frustrations out on someone, they should have come straight to me.

I felt rage at myself, and it bubbled within me, but instead of clouding my thoughts, the rage made them clearer.

First, I have to get past this crowd to the square.

“See you on the other side, senpai!”

“Usato-kun?!”

I jumped, kicking off one side of the wall to the other, then kicked off the wall again to clear the crowd of bystanders. Now I could finally see things more clearly. There was the young healer sprawled across the ground, and then there was the girl with the pigtails—the one who challenged me to a sparring match in the first place. She was with a gang of sorts.

“Stand up,” said the girl, “and be quick about it. Or do I have to wake you?”

The healer groaned as the girl cast a scarlet fireball that was different from what I was used to seeing. Her groupies wore wicked grins as the girl launched her fireball. The healer was still collapsed on the ground and in a much worse state than when I’d seen him in the morning.

Why don’t you use your healing magic?! Wait . . . are you all out of magical power?!

“This is bad!” I said.

I threw off my coat and quickly wrapped it around my right fist while I took off running. I got to the healer in a few steps and punched the fireball as it came straight for us. The flames exploded and briefly surrounded me in black smoke. The magic wasn’t powerful enough to leave any marks on my coat, but it was still more than strong enough to badly injure any human who got in its way.

I brushed the soot from my coat and put it back on. I ignored the blank stares of the girl and her groupies and put a hand on the fallen healer to heal him.

“So you really were out of magic. It’s a wonder you’re even still conscious,” I said to him.

That explained why he wasn’t using his magic on his own injuries.

“Wh-Why . . . are you . . . the same . . .” uttered the boy.

But that was as far as he got—he fell unconscious while I was still healing him. He had light burns and bruises on his face that looked like they came from being beaten. I had a feeling there’d be even more under the clothes he wore.

I needed to know how he’d been hurt so badly that he couldn’t even heal his own injuries. How long had this bullying session gone on for? It must have been hours. It was even possible that the gang had started right after my sparring match with Halpha.

“Excuse me . . . would you mind not sticking your nose in other people’s business?”

The pigtail girl was speaking to me. I ignored her and focused on healing the boy. I wouldn’t be satisfied until he was fully healed—for all I knew, he might have gotten seriously injured during all of this.

But how could anyone so casually use their magic against another human being like this? All the mages and knights I knew in Llinger Kingdom had a strong sense of morality. Not that this was about forcing students to use their magic for the sake of their country—this was simply something that people shouldn’t do.

“Hey!”

I felt someone grab my shoulder, but I was in no mood for it.

“What?!” I said, my voice rough and raw with anger.

The student who’d grabbed my shoulder saw my face and let out a squeal before scamping back to the group.

“If you have an issue with me,” I went on, “then you should have come to me directly!”

“Y-You’ve got it all wrong. We’re all friends here. Seeing as you have no idea what’s going on, would you mind staying out of it?” little miss pigtail spat.

I was sick of pigtail girl’s drivel.

“Oh, I’ve got no idea, huh?”

After what you’ve just shown me, do you really expect me to just leave? I am over this. I am just going to knock everyone unconscious and take the healer somewhere safe. Isn’t that my best option? No. No, I shouldn’t be such a caveman about it. I have to calm down. I have to calm down. I have to calm down . . .

I looked at the bullies in front of me. There were five of them.

“Healing magic doesn’t exist so that you guys can just blow off some steam whenever you feel like it,” I said.

I had learned it myself. The hell, the pain, and the respect. Rose had taught me that healing magic was a power that helped people. It was not, for any reason, just an excuse to make a punching bag out of a human being.

“You ignorant, reckless kids don’t even know how dangerous your own magic is. I don’t even want to know why you’re doing it. I don’t care,” I fumed.

“Did you just call me ignorant? Don’t get all uppity just because you get to tag along with the Llinger heroes, healer!” pigtail girl replied.

“My captain is a healer,” I said, cutting the girl off, “and she told me something.”

I might be more prone to anger than I first thought.

I rarely, if ever, got angry back on my home world. Then again, I’d never seen anything as pathetic and disgusting as this except for in B-grade movies. But I would not stand for what I had just seen. I felt the rage growing in my heart—something clearly different from what I felt when I thought Kazuki and senpai were about to be killed by Felm.

I grabbed a nearby tree with my left hand. The tree trembled and cracked as I squeezed it.

“She told me that if I ever met any people worthless and despicable enough to look down on healers, I shouldn’t hold anything back—she told me to hit them as hard as I damned well could. And you know what? You all look just like a picture-perfect dictionary example of worthless and despicable . . . and more than anything else, you need to learn that the word ‘friend’ isn’t something you throw around just to get yourself out of situations like this one.”

Friends? Did friends do this kind of thing to each other?

The tree trunk cracked and splintered in my grip and crumbled to the ground. The pigtail girl had been so spirited earlier, but now she took a step back, her face filled with fear as she looked at me.

“A tagalong? Is that what you called me?” I asked. “How about I introduce all of you to the pain you just inflicted on this healer? You are a coward without your groupies around you, little welp!”

I took a step forward and the girl’s face grew a touch paler. I could see tears in the eyes of a few of her gang members. When I saw this, I relaxed my shoulders and let out some of the tension in my body—I knew I’d struck enough fear into them to keep them away for a little while. Adding a dash of Rose’s tone of voice was like icing on the cake—super effective.

I wasn’t crazy enough to get so heated I’d actually punch a little girl. I also knew from experience that with some fear in them, the bullies wouldn’t dream of fighting back. If they did it again, I’d do what I did again, except that I’d raise the intensity and bring Blurin along for the ride.

I didn’t really like threatening people, but at least this settled the matter for now. All that was left to do was find a place to let the healer sleep for a little while.

“Usato-kun, please calm down.”

“Hm?”

Senpai must have finally made her way through the crowd because I noticed she had her hands on my shoulders, trying to ease my temper.





She’d gotten here just in time. With everything settled, I could ask her advice about where to take the healer.

“Great timing, senpai,” I said. “I was just about to—”

But senpai wasn’t listening to me. She was facing the pigtail girl and her friends.

“Look at you lot, drawing the ire of a healer like that,” she said with a provoking tone of voice. “You may value strength above all else, but this isn’t strength. It’s just bullying. It’s persecution,” senpai lectured them.

Huh? Senpai, you didn’t . . . you didn’t really think I was angry, did you?

Inukami-senpai stepped out in front of me. With someone in front of her who looked more like a regular adult, some of pigtail girl’s fear dissipated—she shot senpai an irritated glare.

“We came here on an important duty—one that will potentially decide the fate of the nation. It may vex me wildly, but because of that, I can’t lay a finger on you.”

Senpai stated her warning with a light smile on her face, keeping the young girl and her cronies in check. I understood why she was angry, but I really wanted her to notice me looking confused back here.

“S-So what are you trying to say?” asked the girl.

“There’s a magic competition being held a week from now, yes?”

“There’s no way I can win that! Not against you heroes or that monster!”

“Hey!”

I butted in before I realized it. It was that word again.

Why do I always get categorized as a monster?

Pigtail girl shrieked.

And if you were going to call people monsters, watch your reactions, okay?

The girl had revealed her true colors, and she wasn’t holding back in the slightest. She made it one hundred percent clear that she saw me as her enemy. Which, all things considered, was probably unavoidable.

Anyway, I was more concerned with senpai. I didn’t know why she was bringing up the competition, but I knew it was completely different from my earlier sparring match.

As since it’s an official school event, there’s no way we’ll be able to compete, right?

“Usato and I won’t be the ones doing the fighting,” said senpai. “It’ll be you and the boy you were just bullying.”

“Huh? You’re saying he stands a chance against me?”

Hang on a sec. Now I’ve got no idea where you’re going, senpai.

Putting that kid in the ring would be a beatdown. Also, he was currently unconscious. Also, being that I’d just played a game of intimidation of my own, it felt awkward butting in to ask senpai what she was up to.

Inukami-senpai ignored the girl’s glare and pointed back at me with her thumb.

“I’m saying that we’ll make him stronger than you in a week. Well, Usato-kun will, that is.”

“Wha?!”

I’ll do what now?!

I couldn’t believe that she had just dumped that on me.

“W-Wait a second,” I said, whispering to her. “What are you talking about?!”

“These two have a beef, so it’s best if they work it out between themselves. Bitter medicine, maybe, but I couldn’t think of a better option,” senpai stated.

“Well, okay, but still . . .”

“And you’re the best choice. Nobody knows healing magic in this place better than you.”

So I’m a trainer now? And I only have one week . . . Wait, including today and the day of the tournament, that only leaves five days.

But the reality of it was that we really couldn’t think of any other options outside of this one. Having the boy face his bullies with his own power really was the most effective way to put a stop to the bullying, but it was also probably the most troublesome and difficult.

Senpai took my silence as implicit agreement and turned back to the girl.

“Whether you want to take the challenge is up to you,” she said. “If you’re scared of losing to a healer, then just don’t compete, yeah?”

“Ha! Enough jokes. But be prepared for when he loses. I don’t care if you’re envoys from Llinger Kingdom or heroes,” pigtail girl snarled. “I will have you punished! So you’d best make sure that pathetic healer is as strong as you can get him!”

With that said, the girl and her groupies turned and left for the main street, away from the alleyway.

What have I got myself wrapped up in this time?





“I was so surprised when I saw you snap, Usato-kun! If you’d laid a finger on those kids, we may as well have just burned the letter we brought with us.”

“Dolt,” I said.

Firstly, I gave senpai a light chop for taking things a step too far. I knew she had the best intentions in mind, but she deserved that much, at least.

“Ouch?! What was that for?!”

Senpai clutched her head, her eyes filled with tears.

Weird, I only meant for that to be a gentle tap.

I ignored her and explained.

“Look, senpai, I was angry. I’ll admit it. But I was never going to actually hurt any of those kids.”

“Huh?” Senpai’s momentary confusion turned to laughter. “You were about as terrifying as humanly possible, Usato-kun.”

“I only wanted to put a little fear into them.”

At that point, the bystanders who were listening around us started whispering among themselves.

“Did he say a little?”

“Yeah, no way. I’ve seen ogres in books that didn’t look as scary as he did.”

“You saw him destroy that tree with his bare hands, right? You have to be as strong as a beastkin to do anything like that.”

“Beastkin? You think he’s friends with the beastkin?”

I, uh . . . I suppose I should give myself a pat on the back for such a convincing performance. Even I didn’t think the bystanders would be fooled by my act.

“The problem,” I went on, “is whether or not this healer wants to do it or not.”

“We kind of made the decision for him,” senpai replied. “I feel a bit bad, but I actually think it’s for the best.”

“Yeah . . .”

Given the situation, it was entirely natural that we felt compelled to step in. And this was doubly true of Inukami-senpai, who was on the student council.

“All things considered, I am so glad that the upcoming competition is exactly what I thought it was,” said senpai. “I would have been totally embarrassed if it was something else.”

“Why are you so happy-go-lucky about all of this stuff, senpai?”

I couldn’t believe her sometimes. In any case, I turned my attention back to the young healer to check that he didn’t have any other injuries. If he’d taken that explosion with his magic power depleted, the poor boy could have died.

I’d heard that there was nothing scarier than a child with a lethal weapon. It turned out that it really was terrifying. I mean, that girl unleashed a debilitating magic attack without even a moment’s hesitation.

Once I made sure the boy was okay, I hefted him onto my shoulder.

“Wow, he’s light.”

It was like the weight of his body expressed the suffering he’d gone through, and I felt something inside of me that I didn’t quite have words for. There was a number of ways I could make the healer stronger, but . . . first things first—we had to find out what he wanted to do.





* * *





“Why is it so hectic and lively around here all of a sudden?” asked Kiriha.

She was looking down at the boy on the bed as she asked me the question. I scratched my cheek nervously.

“Well . . . er . . .”

I didn’t know where the healer lived, so I’d taken him to Kiriha’s house. And right now, Kiriha and Kyo were questioning me in the room where the boy was asleep. Kiriha sighed at my incoherent answer.

“Look, I’m not going to get on your back about you bringing this boy to our home. I mean, he didn’t look to be in good shape.”

“Thanks, Kiriha . . .”

“But who is he?” asked Kyo. “You had some reason for bringing him here, right?”

I decided to tell them about what had happened today. But the more I talked, the more Kyo and Kiriha cringed in discomfort.

“Usato, that’s Mina you’re talking about.”

Oh, so that’s the name of the girl with the pigtails?

She came off as domineering and selfish—I wondered if that was what she was actually like.

“Listen, Usato,” said Kyo, “you have just stuck your nose right in the thick of it. Is that something you get a kick out of?”

“Hey!” I said. “I’m not wrapped up in all of this because I wanted to be!”

I never thought Kyo would be so blunt. If anyone had willingly stuck their nose into things, it was Inukami-senpai.

“Anyway,” I said. “Who’s Mina?”

“She’s a noble’s daughter. There’s not much good you can say about her.”

I listened as Kiriha went on.

“You saw her when you saved this kid, right? Even when someone is hurt, she won’t hesitate to throw more magic at them. Heck, she’ll smile as she does it.”

“And she holds grudges too,” added Kyo. “Don’t expect things to just die down if she’s got her sights on you.”

When I’d first met Kiriha, she’d tried to punch me, but she’d also been trying to protect her friend. Mina, in contrast, seemed to have no moral compass whatsoever. The quickest way out of trouble was just to not get into trouble with her in the first place, but as senpai had said before, that was no way to solve the problem.

“Well, I guess we’ll just do what we can, then,” I said.

“Seriously? If you’re really going to train that kid, then you’ve only got five days—you can’t include today and the day of the competition.”

Kiriha’s worry was natural.

“Well, I think I know how to do it, but . . . it’ll be kind of on the extreme end of things.”

“Extreme . . . huh . . . ?” uttered Kyo.

“I’m going to train him in the ways of the Rescue Team. Fortunately, this kid already knows how to use healing magic, so it’ll be easier for him than when I did it, but . . . there’s no escaping the extreme part.”

Still, considering where he’d be starting from, I figured it would be pretty easy. What mattered most, however, was the decision of the boy himself. If he told me he didn’t want to fight, I wasn’t going to force him. If he told me no, I’d go and apologize to that girl, Mina. That said, I was, admittedly, a bit scared of whatever “punishment” she had in mind.

“Anyway, we can’t do anything until he wakes up,” I said.

“There’s one more thing I want to ask you,” said Kiriha. “Do you mind?”

“Hm? No, go right ahead.”

Kiriha had a different expression on her face than before.

I wonder what’s up? Is she worried about something?

She was staring at me so intently I averted my gaze. Then Kiriha suddenly opened the door behind her.

“Amako,” said a voice. “I wonder what Usato is doing.”

I knew that voice all too well.

“Suzune! Usato told you to calm down and be quiet!” said another voice.

In a way, it couldn’t really be helped, but perhaps I’d made things awkward by bringing senpai here. I could understand that Kiriha and Kyo—both beastkin—wouldn’t be too happy about having another human besides me in their house. But it always amazed me that senpai was so wild and carefree wherever she went. I was jealous of it, honestly.

“I’d heard about the heroes from Amako, so I know they’re not bad people. That said, I didn’t expect to come home and find one just hanging out,” Kiriha said.

“I’m sorry . . . she’s really not a bad person. In fact, she’s actually a really good person. But okay, I’ll send her home soon.”

“No, it’s okay. I’m happy to have her here for dinner. I mean, she did make the trip all the way here . . . And it’s not like she’ll turn us down, right?”

Kiriha seemed very uncertain about the last part of her sentence, but I didn’t know why—there was no way she or Kyo could make senpai uncomfortable. I told Kiriha as much as she let out a sigh of relief.

“Thank goodness,” she whispered.

I wasn’t exactly sure what to make of her response. I was curious about it, but then Kiriha left the room to prepare dinner, so my chance to ask her disappeared. That left me, Kyo, and the still-sleeping healer.

“Hey . . .” said Kyo.

“Hm?”

“I’m sorry,” said Kyo, his voice a bit hesitant. “When we first met, I said some pretty mean things to you.”

“Huh?”

The apology took me by surprise. I spun to face Kyo, but just as quickly, he looked away, embarrassed. I was shocked at this sudden change in attitude.

“At first, I doubted that someone who looked as weak as you could really protect Amako,” said Kyo, each word coming out with that same edge of hesitance. “But when I saw you fight today, I had to change my view of you. You’re not a pushover of a healer. And yeah, it annoys me, but . . . I think Amako made the right choice when she asked for your help.”

I guess that was at least a silver lining on the cloud.

My sparring match with Halpha had resulted in some surprising effects. It wasn’t all as bad as I’d thought—at least it was also a chance for Kyo to accept me. When I’d first come to Kiriha’s house, I had written Kyo off, even though I didn’t like the idea of us having something of a stormy relationship. Him saying this to me really made me happy.

To see him without the atmosphere of enmity that surrounded him yesterday made me smile. I thought it was really nice that he cared and worried so much about Amako.

“Wh-What are you smiling about?” Kyo asked.

“I was just thinking about how much you must like Amako,” I said.

“Huh?”

But instead of reacting bashfully or angrily, Kyo looked puzzled. It was such an unexpected reaction that I felt compelled to ask him something.

“Wait. Am I wrong?”

“It looks like you’ve got the wrong idea,” said Kyo. “It’s not like I’m in love with Amako.”

“Oh. I was just so sure that . . .”

I crossed my arms and dropped into thought.

“Look,” said Kyo, “the reason I was so worried about Amako is . . . How do I put this? When we first met her, she seemed incredibly reckless. So much so that I felt like maybe she would just wander off somewhere and vanish entirely.”

“Really?”

“I felt like I had to do something, but I couldn’t stop her either. I mean, look, I knew saving her mother was important, but she couldn’t do anything if she didn’t take care of herself first.”

It was not an easy journey for Amako, traveling from country to country and eventually making it all the way to distant Luqvist. And listening to Kyo talk about it made me even more aware of how dangerous things were for her when she first arrived. Perhaps the two years she’d spent in Llinger weren’t just about being somewhere she felt safe. It was also about healing the desperation that had eaten away at her heart.

“Now, I don’t like admitting it,” said Kyo, “but when it comes to saving Amako’s mother, and keeping Amako safe, you’re the guy. Nobody else can do it. So . . . take care of her, okay?”

I replied with a confident nod. Kyo was a more honest and kinder person than I’d first thought. When I thought about it more, I realized that the first person to try and warn me about Halpha before our sparring match was Kyo too.

“But seriously . . .” said Kyo. “What’s that got to do with me liking her? She’s younger than me, for one thing, and she doesn’t act her age, and—ouch?!”

Kyo leaped into the air with a shriek. At first, I thought he’d been attacked by something, but in the next instant, all was revealed. Kyo crouched on the ground. Amako appeared from behind him. She was looking down at him, her face expressionless, and a look of contempt in her eyes.

“One more word and you’ll make me angry, Kyo,” she said.

“A-Amako . . . you know that grabbing tails is off-limits!”

Amako began to bear down on Kyo with her arms poised and ready to strike. There was almost something like murderous glee coming from her. It was so different from what she was usually like that I felt a shiver of fear.

I’d heard it said that certain topics were off-limits when it came to girls, and I guessed Amako fit that category.





I watched, dumbfounded, as Kyo saw an opportunity to escape and made a dash for it. Unfortunately, Amako quickly tripped him up and he fell to the floor.

I had to give the girl props: using her prescience to block a means of escape was pretty neat.

“Wait! Wait a second!” cried Kyo.

“What was that about my age? There’s only so much I can stand, you know? Say it again and you’re really going to get it.”

Amako’s eyes were like ice.

“I-I’m sorry! I’m so sorry!” cried Kyo, bowing apologetically with tail in hand.

It was like the strong-willed, resolute Kyo I’d just been talking to had completely vanished.

“Um, Amako, why are you in here? Did you need something?” I asked.

“Yes . . .”

“Kyo, could you check on Inukami-senpai for me? I have to talk with Amako.”

“O-Okay.”

Kyo rose to his feet, clutching his tail, and left the room with his shoulders slumped. It was mostly his fault for saying what he did, but I couldn’t help feeling sorry for him as he lumbered away. Amako watched him leave without a word, then turned to me. She stared at me with suspicion in her eyes to the point that I averted my gaze.

“Well, w-what is it you wanted?” I asked.

“Nothing . . . it’s just that the boy is about to wake up.”

She moved her eyes away from me and to the room where the young healer was asleep.

Huh? Feels like there’s more to it than she’s letting on.

“Have you met him before?” I asked.

“Only in my visions . . .”

“What’s he like?”

“Nobody believes in or trusts him, and he no longer trusts anyone himself. It’s really sad. When I saw him in a vision two years ago, he seemed to have simply accepted his fate. He’s younger than I am, but he lives a very tough life.”

Wow. Heavy, much? That feels kind of beyond my abilities to help.

Maybe if it was Rose, she’d force some kind of a solution, whatever it took. But I simply wasn’t capable of such tyranny.

“You can do it, Usato,” said Amako.

“Easier said than done though.”

But I couldn’t really say one way or another right now—whatever was going to happen, it would happen after we got the healer’s own opinion on things.

I put a hand to my forehead and stared at the ceiling while Amako dragged over a wooden chair from the corner of the room. She put it next to me and sat down.

“He’s waking up,” she said as she put her hood on.

A few seconds later, the young healer let out a quiet moan and opened his eyes. He peeked out from under his messily cut bangs. There were dark marks under his eyes. He was thin too, and he didn’t look very healthy—I wondered if he was even eating properly. His eyes looked around the room and eventually found Amako and me.

A long silence followed. I knew that we had to talk, but with him sitting right in front of me, I wasn’t sure what to say.

Guess I’ll just kick things off, then.

“Do you remember what happened earlier?” I asked.

“I . . . yes . . .”

“Okay. Well, how about we start with introductions, yeah?”

“I’m Nack,” said the healer. “And you’re Usato, right? You use healing magic too.”

“Oh, right. If you watched my sparring match with Halpha, then of course you know who I am. And don’t worry about the girl next to me. She doesn’t bite. But I need you to listen to me carefully, okay? I’m going to tell you what happened after you blacked out.”

“O-Okay . . .”

I explained to Nack what Inukami-senpai and Mina had agreed to in the aftermath of my arrival on the scene. But the more Nack heard of the story, the paler his face became. By the time I finished, he had his hands wrapped around himself and he was shivering in fear.

“W-Why would you d-do that to me?” he asked.

Unsurprisingly, the boy was in shock. And to be fair, I felt responsible for dragging him into things. But more than that, I knew that he was in danger.

“Things would have only gotten worse if I didn’t,” I said.

“But I’m a healer, so—”

“No. By the time I got there, they’d already put you through the wringer, right? You had literally used up all the healing magic you had, and Mina was just about to hit you again,” I explained. “I can say this without any doubt—if she had kept hitting you, you would be dead.”

That wasn’t something you skipped school to do. I had to wonder how much time these students had on their hands if they could lynch a person until their magic ran dry.

“Unfortunately, the reason they put you through all that pain is me,” I said. “My careless actions put you in danger. I’m sorry.”

I put my hands on my knees and lowered my head in apology.

Nack was flustered by the sudden gesture, but it was something I had to do. I was certain that the bullies had only recently increased their torment—they hadn’t been so vicious until now. If they had been, Nack would have been dead a long time ago.

In Luqvist, magic was everything. And because I had shown the power of healing magic, it had hurt Mina’s pride. But because she couldn’t lay a finger on me, her anger had only one place to go—Nack, Luqvist’s own healer.

“N-No, it’s okay!” said Nack. “You saved me, so please raise your head!”

I looked up at him. This was my responsibility. And so I needed him to make a decision.

“Nack,” I said, looking him in the eyes. “I’m going to get straight to the point—are you capable of fighting Mina in one week’s time?”

Nack was silent.

“Be honest,” I said. “I won’t force you. I value your opinion.”

Nack looked down and gripped the bedsheets in his fists. It was as if he were holding back his own feelings.

“It’s . . . It’s impossible,” he said finally.

“Can you tell me why?”

Something about his choice of words compelled me to ask. He didn’t say, “I can’t.” He said, “It’s impossible.” At my question, Nack held out his hand and let a healing light glow in it.

“You’re a proper healer, right?” he said. “But my healing is defective, so . . . it’s impossible.”

“Defective?”

But he’s not calling healing magic defective; he’s calling his own magic defective. What does he mean?

Nack must have noticed my confusion because he looked down dejectedly at his own hand and explained.

“I can’t heal anyone but myself,” he said. “Before I came here, to Luqvist, I could heal others, but . . . at some point, I lost the ability . . .”

He lost the ability to heal others? Is it like the opposite of what Mana Boosting does? But he doesn’t strike me as the type to be dabbling in that, and it seems so unlikely.

“When did you lose it?” I asked.

“I became aware of it about a year ago. I was on my way home after Mina had bullied me, and I found someone’s familiar. It was injured, and . . . that’s when I realized.”

“That’s when you realized you can’t heal anyone but yourself?”

Nack nodded. Based on the confused look on Amako’s face, it seemed this was a fact she hadn’t seen in her prescience either.

I’d never heard of healing magic not working on other people. I mean, maybe if his magic power density was extremely light . . . but no, that couldn’t happen so suddenly. Nack wasn’t born that way like Orga was, and besides, the healing magic alight in his hand wasn’t so different from the color of my own.

The only other possibility is . . . some kind of psychological block due to all the bullying. Well, let’s not think too hard about that just now. Not when we’ve got bigger things to think about than his healing magic.

“Healing magic is a magic for healing people. But my magic is broken, so I’m worthless now.”

Amako seemed to feel that things were getting bad, so she looked up at me.

“Usato . . .” she uttered.

But she didn’t need to worry. You didn’t need to be able to heal other people in order to do Rescue Team training. I smiled at Nack with his dejected expression, and I put a hand on his trembling shoulder.

“It’s okay,” I said. “We don’t need to heal other people to make you stronger.”

“Huh?”

“What I want to know is whether you’re prepared to fight Mina. I need to know if you’re prepared to undergo five days of training.”

To be brutally honest, the training I intended to put Nack through was going to be hell on earth . . . the sort of experience he couldn’t even imagine. So I wasn’t going to mince words or paint it like it was something it wasn’t—I had to know if he had the will and the resolve to endure this training through to the end.

That, and . . .

“Your magic is broken, you say? You’re defective? This is magic that is only used to heal people, you say? And me, a proper healer, you think? You’ve got it all wrong. Nack, you’ve been trying too hard to use healing magic the correct way.”

It was important to make it clear that I wasn’t a proper healer. Not by a long shot. Not compared to Orga and Ururu. They were both healers who focused purely on healing.

“In the magic training that my teacher gave me, it was all self-healing. So what you’ve got now, it’s more than enough. As long as you can heal yourself, you can do the kind of training that’ll let you knock your bullies right out of school grounds.”

“Huh? Wha?”

Nack was in shock, his mouth half agape with confusion. I grinned.

“Basically, it’s like this—I’m not going to teach you healing magic. Instead, I’m going to toughen you up to the point that you can completely overwhelm that girl.”

“Me . . . ? Overwhelm Mina . . . ?”

“Exactly that. But it won’t be easy. The training is both simpler and tougher than you can possibly imagine. You may want to cry, and you may want to vomit blood, and you may want to knock yourself out, but my healing magic will not let you. So I will ask you one more time, Nack: are you prepared to fight Mina?”

The vomiting blood bit was going a little overboard. I mean . . . I hadn’t vomited blood, so Nack would probably be fine. Probably.

Ten seconds of long silence passed, and when Nack spoke next, it was with a certain hesitation.

“Um . . . it sounds like the training is going to be even scarier than Mina.”

Yep.

“I can’t say that it won’t be,” I replied.

“Usato . . .” said Amako.

Could you stop looking at me like you’re horrified, Amako?

To toughen Nack up, there was no other way—he would have to go through the training that I went through under Rose. Which was to say, that was the only magic training he could go through because I didn’t know anything else.

“Nack,” I said. “If you say you don’t want to do it, I’ll apologize so you won’t have to fight.”

Nack was silent. Whatever his decision was, I intended to accept it. And to be honest, there was a part of me that didn’t even want to put Nack through the hell that I’d been through. The Rescue Team’s training essentially amounted to running until you were unconscious, then being healed so you could run all over again. Being made to run from morning until night was psychological torture. It was days of suffering, enduring discomfort in your legs even though you’d been healed. Still, the results were undeniable.

“You mean that even I . . . can win?”

“I can’t guarantee it. But I can assure you this much—you will get as much out of the training as you put in.”

Nack still seemed hesitant as he listened, but when he looked up at me, there was a little light of determination in his eyes. They were still dark and still hurting, but all the same, I saw a spark in them.

“I’ll do it . . . I’ll do it! I’ll beat her! So please . . . help me get stronger!”

“That’s my boy!”

