	We also headed underground as soon as we arrived.

	All of us stood on the floor in the center of the hall and went down to the basement like-elevator. When we arrived underground after a few minutes, I saw Falga-sama’s huge body and Leona-san standing in front of him.

	Were they chatting about something?

	Falga-sama glanced at us who came down to the basement, sighed deeply and spoke to Leona-san who looked slightly depressed.

	“Leona. Don’t forget what we’ve talked about. If you want to do it, you can, but understand the consequences.”

	“……Yes”

	Perhaps their conversation ended there, she bowed silently and looked back seemingly overwhelmed.

	Perhaps having the same thought, Norn-sama called out to Leona-san with a worried look.

	“What were you talking about Leona?”

	“I’m talking about the next battle with Karon. I was scolded for saying something disproportionate earlier. Don’t worry, it won’t affect the rest of the story.”

	“……Is that so.”

	About the battle with Karon?

	I don’t think she’s lying.

	Norn-sama doesn’t seem to be surprised…

	“I’ve been waiting for you, Usato”

	“I’m sorry to have kept you waiting. I heard that my weapon was completed…”

	“It’s not exactly complete, but it’s one step before completion. You’re the one to complete it.”

	I am?

	Is it really technically necessary?

	Falga-sama continued to speak to me, who was surprised.

	“Don’t worry, it’s not that difficult for you to do. The important thing is a clear intention. What kind of power you want and how to handle it, with that thought as the core, the shape of the weapon will take form.”

	A silver sphere pops out of Falga-sama’s mouth and floats around him.

	Probably that was the hero’s knife I handed over.

	When the sphere stopped in front of Falga-sama, it floated in front of me. Taking it with my right palm, I felt a strange feeling in the indefinite sphere.

	“What kind of shape will my weapon look like… What do you think Amako?”

	“A club, mallet, morning star, or maybe an iron ball”

	“Why are you only naming blunt instruments? Huh?”

	I understood what kind of image Amako had of me.

	I think that a blunt instrument will be perfect, but I’m not barbaric enough to imagine it.

	“Hahaha, a shield might suit Usato-dono.”

	“I can’t think of a weapon that could match his speed… Hmm, Usato has many possible weapon candidates, so I can’t predict what will come…”

	On the other hand, Leona-san and Ark-san are seriously anticipating my weapon.

	Actually, I don’t really know what kind of weapon I want. I have an image, but I can’t tell if it’s the right choice for me.

	“Falga-sama, after this…”

	“Just keep in mind. What you are, what you have been doing. Then, my fragment will naturally change to the shape that suits you best.”

	“My path…”

	I close my eyes while feeling the presence of the sphere on my palm.

	My path so far, the beginning began on the day I was involved in the summoning of the hero Inugami senpai and Kazuki.

	The day I came to this world, I joined the rescue squad.

	Trained by Rose, I ran through the battlefield for those who fight for the Kingdom of Lingle. At the core of it, I want to help those who are injured, I want to make sure that no one is saddened by someone’s death, I want to be recognized by Rose… and I want to help Inugami senpai and Kazuki.

	I met Nack at Lukvis.

	To him who was suffering from Mina’s bullying, I pointed his path to the rescue squad. It was the same as I had Rose teach me what to do in this world.

	The wicked dragon that fought during the trip to Samaria.

	The revival of the wicked dragon that caused this incident was about to become a major incident that endangered many lives at one point. In the end, I was able to work with Amako, Ark-san, and Bluerin to defeat the wicked dragon and solve it without killing anyone.

	And the curse of Samaria.

	Struggling to destroy the curse that was eroding Eva’s body, the princess of Samaria. It was all caused by a magician who was fascinated by the existence of a hero, but in the end he released the souls of the Samarian people and the royal family who were trapped in the curse, then regained the body of Eva they had robbed.

	I think it was a long and short journey.

	When I was seriously injured and my spirit was about to be destroyed, you might think that living in a different world was full of unthinkable turbulence, but mysteriously I didn’t think it was that painful.

	After all, I met a lot of people in this world.

	Even if it just comes to my mind, the connections with countless people are proof that my journey so far is not in vain.

	Therefore, I want to cherish that.

	I don’t want the power to hurt or defeat someone.

	I want the power to protect. The power to repel any threat as long as I can reach it.

	“…The shape of the sphere of Usato’s hand is changing…”

	Amako’s voice was heard which prompted me to open my eyes.

	Taking a look at it, the sphere on my palm was flowing and shining which covered the tip from my elbow. It’s a scene that would normally surprise me, but I was strangely calm.

	It took about 10 seconds for the light that covered the tip of my elbow to emit a rainbow-coloured light, and it scattered into the air like a burst. What remained on my arm was a silver gauntlet.

	There were no flashy decorations other than the scale-like pattern of Falga-sama, and it fits me perfectly without feeling that it was difficult to move.



	“This is my…”

	It’s more like armor than a weapon, but in a sense this shape was as expected.

	I tried twisting my wrist around, and it felt easier to move than it looked.

	“…I knew you were different from that young man.”

	“Falga-sama?”

	“Let me have a look at your arm.”

	“Yes”

	Falga-sama turned his deep gaze, and I showed him the right arm of the gauntlet.

	A magical pattern appeared in his eyes, illuminating the gauntlet brightly.

	When staring at the gauntlet for a few seconds, Falga-sama’s expression was slightly distorted. Worried that something was wrong, Falga-sama had erased the magic of his eyes, opened his mouth and started laughing.

	“Fu, haha, hahahaha!!”

	“!?”

	“Are you kidding me!? Falga-sama laughed!?”

	Falga-sama was laughing loudly in the basement, and of course, Leona-san and Norn-sama who knew him were astonished.

	After finally stopping, Falga-sama looked down at us and uttered a pleasant voice.

	“I’m sorry. I couldn’t stand it because it was so unexpected. It’s been a long time since I opened my mouth and laughed. I thought that my heart would die and I wouldn’t laugh. But seriously, I don’t know what will happen”

	“Uhmm, is something wrong with it…?”

	What should I do? I made a Dragon God burst into laughter.

	The wicked dragon had a vulgar laugh, but I didn’t think it would surprise Falga-sama to make him laugh.

	Isn’t this a pretty bad thing?

	For me who became anxious, Falga-sama pointed to my gauntlet in a slightly good mood.

	“The gauntlet you created boasts an unrivaled hardness that does not allow anything to pass through. Even high heat, cold air, and magic cannot pass through this gauntlet. Simply put, it is just ridiculously hard. That’s all the gauntlet has.”

	“Isn’t that too simple of an explanation!?”

	“Usually, it’s a weapon that would be branded as unsuccessful. That’s natural. It’s just because the use is too limited. But if you’re the one who is handling it, then it’s different. Leona, I’m sure you understand after fighting with Usato?”

	Leona-san nodded mysteriously to Falga-sama’s voice.

	“This is exactly the gauntlet for you. If you can detect threats with outstanding dynamic vision and reflexes, and you can repel powerful hits with your own strength, you can handle this more than enough. right?”

	……I feel like I finally understand how to fight.

	This gauntlet is not used for attacks, but a shield that repels the opponent’s attacks.

	By not letting anything pass through, I can even grab the blade of the ax that was coated with Karon’s cold air.

	Above all, it is good to be able to incorporate it into the training for the past few days without any problems.

	“Does that mean that this ability is an invincible gauntlet?”

	“Of course, that’s not all. Try putting magic into your gauntlets.”

	“? Okay……!?”

	As Falga-sama said, I poured healing magic into the gauntlet and immediately understood the difference.

	The operation of magic is smoother than before!?

	When I try to make a healing magic bullet, I can make it in less than a second, and this I can put a considerable amount of healing magic in my palm.

	Isn’t it possible to do various things by devising more magic?

	It was a healing magic burst palm for emergency purposes, or a healing magic bullet for group battles.

	“Didn’t I say that a gauntlet suits you?”

	“But isn’t this too humble?”

	“Are you not satisfied with it?”

	Yes, that’s right.

	Is it just a hard gauntlet that assists in my magic?

	Somehow, it seems to me that I can only handle healing magic.

	“Until now, everything that gave me a fragment of my body created a powerful weapon. The young man was a pair of swords that contained and released everything. Karon picked it up and transformed it into a shape. It’s an ax that freezes everything. And yet you’ve created a gauntlet that’s just tough with no offensive power. I can’t help but laugh.”

	“Well, uh…”

	“I’m not despising you. Rather, I even want to praise you for what you are. In front of Karon, who became a dragon, you created a weapon to protect, not to hurt. You certainly had the qualifications to have my weapon.”

	I didn’t know this should be worth complimenting…

	However, there is also the fact that I didn’t have the image of having strong power…

	“Well, even if I have a big weapon, it’ll be like a decorative weapon, so maybe… I’ll get used to it after using it. Then, I think it’ll suit me better…”

	“Yeah. Certainly, that is more like Usato.”

	I dug my own grave.

	I insist that I haven’t been complimented so much which gave Amako a chance.

	What’s more, she mysteriously tilts her head when she sees me stagnant.

	“I’ll leave my piece to you. It’s originally for the hero, but now it’s yours.”

	“Yes”

	“Take my fragments on your future journey. It’s fun to watch over the fate of humans that I have admitted.”

	Once I saw my gauntlet, I clearly nodded to Falga-sama.

	Falga-sama closes his eyes with satisfaction, and he speaks to us in a quiet voice.

	“Then the story is over. You should take a rest today.”

	Falga-sama ended the story with that word as a trigger.

	We also moved from the basement to the ground… I looked at my right arm gauntlet and got stuck for a while.

	For a few seconds, Amako tilted her head to me who was silent looking at the gauntlet.

	“What’s wrong, Usato?”

	“Sorry, I’ll come back in a bit.”

	“Eh!?”

	With a short run, I returned to Falga-sama who was trying to return to the spring.

	Amako and others who were worried about me chased from behind, but regardless of that, I showed Falga-sama the gauntlet.

	“Uhmm… I’m sorry. But how do you remove this? I don’t feel like it will come off normally…”

	“I’ve told you before, but it fits perfectly…”

	“Usato, that’s not…”

	Looking at the gauntlet that was almost integrated with my arm, Falga-sama and Amako in the back turned their eyes to me, who was worried about what to do if it stayed like this for a long time.





Chapter 113

	It’s just a tough gauntlet.

	The completed weapon was too simple of a performance.

	It is neither a weapon that causes widespread destruction nor a weapon that gives a lethal blow to the opponent; it’s just a protective armor.

	It makes me feel sorry for the previous hero that his weapon has become like this, but I liked this gauntlet.

	The morning after Falga-sama gave me the gauntlet, I was having a mock battle with Arc-san using it. A mock battle where he uses his flames.

	Moreover, this time he’s using an iron sword instead of a wooden sword.

	He’s what I call a natural enemy as he can demonstrate the technical way of fighting with a sword coated in flames, similar to Leona-san’s fighting style.

	“Fuh…!”

	Instead of grasping him, I pushed forward the sword that was swung with his right arm.

	He swung down his sword as I guarded it.

	The gauntlet has a tingly sensation, but no pain or heat was transmitted. In this case, I would be able to fight against an opponent who uses fire.

	“So this is this guy’s performance!”

	Which means my left fist should be ready to punch, and my right arm should be used for defense.

	In this mock combat, this has become my new way of fighting.

	“It really is tough…!”

	“I’m surprised too!”

	Arc-san-san seems to be surprised at the hardness of the gauntlet.

	Of course, I can feel the burn from other places besides the right arm, but I can tolerate it because it’s not directly exposed to the flame.

	“You’re doing great! Usato-dono!”

	“Arc-san!!”

	However unlike before, he is fighting in a state where he can demonstrate his true abilities without being manipulated by anyone.

	Trying to punch him with the gauntlet, he dodged and tried to get into my blindspot, I hesitated and pulled back before the sword slashed forward.

	Arc-san-san was surprised at how skillful I was when I didn’t step in more than necessary.

	“Can you avoid this then!”

	“Tsk!”

	Arc-san-san generated multiple magic bullets in his palm, threw them all at once.

	Is this a wide range of magic bullets used by Mina in Lukvis!? It was not surprising that Arc-san could also use it, but he’s trying to use it in such a short distance?

	“But! I have this guy!”

	The characteristics of this gauntlet are not only hard.

	Thanks to this gauntlet that assists me in using magic, a new technique has been added to my healing magic.

	I gathered magic in my right palm and pointed it at the magical bullets that were approaching.

	“Fire!”

	“What!?”

	The magical power compressed from my palm explodes, detonating all the magical bullets released by Arc-san.

	This is a new technique, Healing Magic Burst Palm.

	As a part of strengthening my power and many trial and error as to whether or not the outburst of magical power could be used, it became a technique that combines avoiding and defense at a short distance.

	There were various problems and I couldn’t use it until now, but thanks to this gauntlet, I can finally use it in actual battles.

	“I’m coming Arc-san”

	“Wh-Wh-wh-wh-what are you doing, Usato!?”

	“Wow!? Leona-san!?”

	When I was fanning away the smoked sand with my right hand and continuing the mock combat, Leona-san jumped from the side and grabbed my shoulders.

	Arc-san was also stunned while holding his sword, but Leona-san lifted my right arm and checked for any injuries.

	“That’s a dangerous way to use magic!? That’s not how you use system strengthening!?”

	“Ah yeah. I’m fine. My right arm is intact because I have the gauntlet.”

	“You’re seriously…”

	Aah, did Leona-san, who can use system strengthening, notice the principle of healing magic burst palm that I did…?

	Arc-san approached Leona-san, who looked confused because was angry at my words.

	“Oh, Leona-san. What did Usato-dono do earlier? It seemed to me that he had released magical power from his palm with tremendous force…”

	“Usato literally combusted his magic. He intended to explode the magical power, which is a drawback of system strengthening… It’s an insane act for those who can use system strengthening…”

	Yes, the reason why the healing magic burst palm could not be used is because it is a technique that intentionally explodes magical power.

	Before, when I did it without a gauntlet, my palm was full of blood and it was difficult to use. What’s more, it took time to put in magical power, so I thought that it could not be used in actual battles, but this gauntlet solved the problem.

	However, Leona-san, who had a sense of crisis about my actions, strengthened her ability to grab my shoulders and brought her face closer to me.

	“E-V-E-N S-T-I-L-L, why are you trying to use such a dangerous thing? No matter how many gauntlets you have, there are times when things happen! Falga-sama’s weapons aren’t perfect. It may be possible that the magical power that has lost its place will flow backwards!?”

	While being overwhelmed by the critical remarks of Leona-san, I nodded.

	It made me feel a little tired because of that.

	“Usato, tell us next time you do this… it’s bad not only for you, but for my heart. System strengthening is a really dangerous technique.”

	“So- I’m sorry.I’ll be more careful next time.”

	Before, Welsey-san also stabbed me with a nail…

	……I got angry, but for the time being, I knew that this technique was a fully usable technique.

	The effect itself is simply to explode the magical power compressed on the palm, and the power itself is only lightly blown away, also the range is about 1 or 2 meters.

	However, it can be used as a healing magic bullet, such as throwing it on the ground to heal my body, using it in a state where I can’t move, or hitting it against the opponent.

	That’s right… Is it an advantage that the whole body of an injured person can be healed in an instant?

	“But when I tried it before, it was hard because my hands were full of scratches, but now that I have a gauntlet, I can use it in actual battles. You see, magical power can be accumulated in an instant!”

	“What led you to come up with the idea of using the outburst of magical power…”

	Leona-san dropped her shoulder and released her hand off my shoulder.

	“Usato, Arc-san, I’m sorry to disturb the mock combat.”

	“It doesn’t matter. I was about to get fired up with Usato-dono. I’m glad you stopped.”

	Arc-san laughs refreshingly at Leona-san who looks apologetic.

	Don’t say scary things with a cool face.

	But in the case of Arc-san, it seems that he will really get serious. That flame that he showed when being manipulated by Neah. His original magic that he usually suppresses, not system strengthening.

	If Arc-san, who keeps his sanity, uses that flame, I must go at him seriously, but his power is the most reliable in fighting Karon who manipulates ice.

	“How was your first impression when using the gauntlet, Usato-dono?”

	“I was surprised.”

	I nod with satisfaction to Arc-san’s words.

	Because it was my first battle using a gauntlet, I was worried whether I could handle well at the beginning, but this gauntlet was incorporated into my fighting style as if it had existed from the beginning.

	As expected, it feels like a gauntlet made for me.

	“I thought I needed to get used to it, but it may not be necessary either.”

	My new way of fighting.

	It is a close combat that balances avoiding and defense.

	Making full use of healing magic bullets and healing magic burst palm, I can poke the opponent by surprise and deal the biggest blow.

	……Isn’t it the same as before? I can’t really deny that……

	With that in mind, Leona-san, who was listening to the conversation between me and Arc-san, put her hand on her chin.

	“So, are you ready to fight Karon?”

	“Yes”

	Arc-san and I nodded to Leona-san’s words.

	Avoiding technique that eliminates waste of movement.

	Defense using gauntlets.

	It also gives resistance to ice and resistance to magic.

	With these three, the conditions for fighting Karon head-on were finally met.

	“Norn-sama is nearing her limit in maintaining the barrier… Usato, Arc-san, let’s think about a strategy to fight Karon tonight.”

	“…Is Norn-sama all right?”

	“She’s pretending to show a calm face, but she’s close to her limit.”

	Yesterday, I healed her fatigue, but I couldn’t heal her exhausted mind.

	Even before we came, she tried to maintain the barrier without sleep, and considering that she continued to do so until today… It is not strange that Norn-sama may collapse at any time.

	Now that my weapon(armour) is complete and ready, the next action to take has been decided.

	“Okay, let’s think about the strategy tonight.”

	The battle with Karon is near.

	When I was conscious of that, the hand in which the gauntlet was fitted naturally gripped tightly.

	* * *

	After completing all the training, I left the training ground while staring at my gauntlet.

	Around the time I entered the castle from the training ground, a black owl, Neah, jumped at me.

	“Hmm? Neah? Were you watching this whole time?”

	“…Yeah. It was boring, but I was watching.”

	I smiled at Neah who said that in a bad mood, and said, “return” when the gauntlet on my right arm changed to an iron bracelet.

	I was wondering how to take it off yesterday so it would be convenient to bring it out whenever I want.

	I could even equip it on my left arm, and it’s pretty good that I don’t have to carry it around with a gauntlet.

	Also, it’s cool.

	When I return to the Kingdom of Lingle, I would like to show my senpais the scene of me wearing a gauntlet and them showing a stunned face.

	“How was my new gauntlet, Neah?”

	“Isn’t it perfect for you?”

	When I asked Neha about the gauntlet while imagining the reaction of senpai, she replied without much.

	“I don’t know, I wasn’t there, okay!!”

	Strengthening the end, I was amazed at Neah who glared at me and sighed.

	Neah is angry that I didn’t wake her up when my gauntlet was completed last night.

	She pouted in anger and hit me with her wings a few times, saying she was made an outcast, and wanted to see the moment when my gauntlets were made, and so on.

	“Haven’t I already apologized to you.”

	“I didn’t feel an ounce of regret from you at all. Rather, why did you leave me out of your group?”

	“Well, because you didn’t wake up.”

	“Then try harder in waking me up! I wanted to see the hero’s sword turn into a gauntlet!”

	But I did though.

	Should I just flick her forehead?…… But I’m just complaining to myself.

	“Originally, I thought you went to bed early because you are living a healthy life in human terms, but it was the total opposite, right?”

	“Well, that’s…… because… I have no one to talk to at night…”

	“Eh?”

	“It’s nothing!”

	She muttered sloppily and became angry as she turned bright red.

	But it’s my fault that I didn’t wake her up, so let’s apologize again.

	“Well, it was really my bad.”

	“…Good that you know.”

	“But I didn’t think the reason you went to bed early was because you were lonely.”

	“~~~~~!!”

	If you muttered in front of my ear, even I could hear it even if you didn’t like it. Surprisingly, Neah also has such a childish part.

	It made me smile at Neah as she hit my head with her wings while I walked in the castle.

	I’m used to walking in the castle, and I’m going down the passage to my room without hesitation. However, a sudden ringing in my ears made me stop.

	“—“

	――― I have something to talk to you about.

	The voice that sounded like having tinnitus was Falga-sama’s voice.

	Neah called out to me when she saw that I held my head and stopped.

	“Usato, what have you done just now? Your magical power was disturbed for a moment.”

	“…Ah. Falga-sama’s voice is directly in my head… I think he has something to talk about.”

	Is it about today’s strategy meeting?

	In that case, he should talk to Norn-sama instead of me……

	Or is he calling me directly because he doesn’t want to tell anyone?

	“Neah, I’m going to meet Falga-sama…”

	“I’m going too. You left me out yesterday, so I’ll follow you today.”

	She’s still angry at me huh.

	If I tried to return to the room, would she forcibly follow me? Well, Falga-sama will forgive me even if Neah is with me.

	With a bitter smile, I turned back to the original path and headed for the hall where Falga-sama would be.





Chapter 114

	I was called by Falga-sama as we headed to the hall with the throne.

	It was a hall where Norn-sama would normally be, but there was no one at this time.

	Walking to the center of the hall and thinking how am I supposed to get to the basement where Falga-sama is, the scaffolding sank to the floor by itself.

	Maybe Falga-sama moved it remotely, but it seems that there is no doubt that he personally called me over.

	“Does he not want anyone else to hear about this? No, but it’s him we’re talking about?”

	“I don’t know either. The Dragon God is a monster of the same family as the Wicked dragon. We possibly can’t fathom what he’s thinking. The monster that eats a year is cunning, nasty, and smart, so it’s really annoying.”

	“You really do have a point…”

	I was being struck by a boomerang…

	From the perspective of Neah, Falga-sama is old enough, but from the perspective of a human being, Neah has lived long enough for 300 years…

	I won’t say it for the sake of her.

	We arrived in the basement while having a friendly conversation, and found Falga-sama appearing from the fountain. When he notices that I’ve arrived, he slowly looks up and looks at Neah on my shoulder.

	“So you have followed as well?”

	“Can’t I?”

	“No, it doesn’t matter”

	Falga-sama answered to Neah who seemed to be in a bad mood, turned his eyes to me.

	“There is a purpose in calling Usato this time.”

	“A purpose?”

	Falga-sama nodded to my words.

	What happened that he needed to call me right after yesterday?

	“The battle with Karon is near. You who faced my fragment will inevitably be forced to fight head-on with him.”

	“I agree with that……”

	No matter what the strategy for today is decided, it will be my role to hold down Karon.

	But what about it?

	“I’m afraid that you and Charon may fight to the death.”

	“…Wait what!?”

	“There is no clear difference between you and Karon in a close-range battle. It sounds scary, but to be able to battle against someone who has awakened to a dragon with your physical body and a gauntlet is a huge feat.”

	I feel like I was treated as a monster.

	But fighting to the death… I don’t like that ending, but Falga-sama says it’s possible.

	“I don’t think it’s possible for this special living prod—being to die…?”

	“Neah… We’re talking about something important right now, this is not the time to be joking.”

	“I’m not kidding at all… What’s with that expression you’re giving me!”

	I don’t want you to water down the story.

	I turned my conversation back to Falga-sama.

	“So you didn’t call me here just for advice?”

	“Yes. Just keep that word in mind. I also called you here to see your memory.”

	“My memory?”

	What for?

	Maybe he wants to know the knowledge of another world like Neah?

	Falga-sama continued as I was tilting my head.

	“What I want to see is the current heroes.”

	“Inugami senpai and Kazuki… the hero of Lingle Kingdom?”

	“Yes. I probably won’t be meeting the heroes of Lingle Kingdom in person. Before you go to battle, I want to at least know who the heroes are.”

	Inugami-senpai and Kazuki.

	I don’t know everything about them, but what will Falga-sama do when he knows them?

	Unlike Neah, this person does not seem to look into my memory in order to satisfy his desire for knowledge.

	In the first place, wouldn’t this person be able to grasp Inugami senpai and Kazuki who are far away?

	“The reason for knowing the figure of the heroes is also to determine if they are worth making my armor for.”

	“That’s a very important thing, are you sure you’re alright with my memories?”

	If Falga-sama created a weapon for the two, it would be called a genuine “hero’s weapon”.

	“It doesn’t make sense if it isn’t you. There is no better qualified person than you who would be most trusted.”

	“……I understand”

	Being said that much, I have no choice but to nod.

	However, my memories of Kazuki and Inugami senpai huh.

	Kazuki has the impression that he is a close friend overall, but Inugami senpai…

	The appearance of senpai being super hyper, senpai throwing work away and doing whatever she likes, running away because of her desire……

	……

	“…Falga-sama, as I said in advance, one of the heroes is a very strange person. But she is a good person! Please understand that and look at my memory…!”

	“Uh, okay?”

	“If you say that with a bitter expression, he’ll think you only have bad memories of her… Is the hero Usato knows such a weirdo…?”

	Falga-sama and Neah are prying a little.

	Senpai has a lot of strange parts, but she’s not a bad person. She is rather a very nice person.

	There’s an article which has been circulating around the continent about senpai and I. But I don’t look down on her so much that I hate her.

	……I’ll get revenge after I get home!

	“…Then, let me see your memory.”

	“What am I supposed to do?”

	“Just think of it. Not as a hero, but as a friend of yours.”

	A magical pattern appears in Falga-sama’s eyes.

	It’s different from yesterday’s, so it’s probably for looking into my memory.

	I knew there was no danger, so I closed my eyes and thought of them as Falga-sama has said.

	……The first thing I remember is…… That’s right.

	Let’s remember from the day when I, who was an ordinary high school student, first met them on that rainy day.

	* * *

	Falga-sama was looking at my memory for about 30 minutes.

	For me, I was in a mysterious-like daydream, so I thought it had been a long time. When I opened my eyes, Neah was yawning, and Falga-sama was sighing deeply.

	“You seem to have been blessed with ties.”

	“Yes, it’s a waste for me.”

	“Needless to say, the heroes you know have the qualities to receive my fragments.”

	That’s good to hear.

	Because senpai is different from general heroes, I wasn’t told that she wasn’t suitable for receiving his armor……

	I was relieved to hear that Kazuki and Inugami senpai could take my armor.

	“The rest is just to create and entrust my core.”

	“…”

	Is it entrusted to me?

	I still remember Norn-sama flustering when he changed the hero’s sword to mine.

	To create powerful armor, Falga-sama uses a part of his body. With the exception of mine, if you look at the performance of other weapons, he’s not just separating it from his body.

	As far as the strength of the weapons of Karon and the predecessor hero is seen, it may be that the power itself is separated.

	Norn-sama was in such a hurry because he was afraid that Falga-sama’s actions would have a great impact on his body…

	“……No but.”

	No matter what I say, I can’t stop Falga-sama.

	This person is aware of this and is trying to leave the armor to them. It is this person who supported Norn-sama, who continued to maintain the barrier alone, in the shadow.

	I can’t read the speculation, but I can say that Falga-sama is definitely on the side of humankind.

	He even separated his own body and cooperated with us humans.

	“Falga-sama likes humans, doesn’t he?”

	It may sound rude, but I said it anyway.

	Falga-sama opened his eyes to my words. After about ten seconds of silence, he opened his mouth heavily.

	“I have to tell you.”

	“What?”

	“It’s about where the dragon factor that sleeps in Karon came from.”

	The source of Karon’s dragon power……!?

	It wasn’t Norn-sama or Leona-san, and I didn’t expect that Falga-sama himself would reveal it.

	“In conclusion, Karon is like my offspring.”

	“Huh!?”

	Neah was astonished.

	Falga smiled happily when he saw the reaction of Neah.

	“In that respect, he’s similar to you. A mixed race of human and a dragon. The blood of a dragon is infinitely thin, but his potential is inherited without fading.”

	Certainly, there is something close to Neah who’s half vampire and half necromancer.

	However, I didn’t think it was surprising.

	As long as he had a dragon factor, I thought he had some kind of blood mixed in with him… I just didn’t think it belonged to Falga-sama.

	“Why is your power in Karon’s body?”

	Falga-sama made her voice a little low when she asked, who seemed to be skeptical.

	“The reason goes back to when the Demon King was overthrown and sealed by the previous hero.”

	“Isn’t the Demon King’s seal a story hundreds of years ago?”

	“That’s it”

	Does it go back to that point?

	This may be a more difficult problem than I think.

	“After the Demon King was sealed, I didn’t understand the value of being a human being. For me, the Dragon God who governs harmony and peace, isn’t human being an evil that disturbs it? Was it right to help the human beings who betray their relatives, oppress different races, and cause meaningless destruction? At that time, I even questioned my actions. I lost sight of myself.”

	“Are you…”

	“The battle between the Demon King’s army and humans was so fierce.”

	Falga-sama, the Dragon God, is so confused that he doubts humans… I don’t want to imagine it.

	“So what happened?”

	“I almost lost sight of my existence, and once again transformed into a human figure to determine the value of human beings and entered a city. Not as Falga of the God Dragon, but the Falga of a human being.”

	So you became a human to know humans?

	Rather, did he become a human figure like Neah? I thought that Neah’s transformation was peculiar to vampires, but did Falga-sama transform into something magical?

	“The city, where the scars of the battle with the Demon King remain, was terrible. It was full of injured people and the food was unsatisfactory, but the humans there still did not give up without despair. They lived every day.”

	People who live without losing despair.

	For Falga-sama, who was losing sight of himself, the scene may have been indescribable.

	“When I was watching these people, one person called out to me. That was my encounter with her.”

	“She? Maybe that person is Karon-san…?”

	“Yeah”

	Falga-sama’s tone when she said “she” was kind.

	Perhaps he remembers a long time ago, he slightly distorted the edge of his mouth and continued.

	“Through my encounter with her, I became more aware of the existence of human beings, which was fun for me to live for a long time, because human life was a series of surprises.”

	“…”

	I don’t know how long he has lived.

	I don’t know, but I felt some weight in the word “human life” that he talked about. It was not a bad meaning, but a word that made me feel the preciousness of life.

	“I started seeing her more often and forgot about my status as a Dragon God and enjoyed the life of a person. After spending decades as a child, a parent, and after taking care of her death, she… became a dragon god to protect her hometown, Mia Rak.”

	“…It’s similar to me.”

	“Hmm?”

	When she heard Falga-sama’s words, Neah muttered that.

	She quickly turned her face away to deceive, but I heard the words she muttered.

	……The words reminded me of the village where she was.

	In that village, Neah continued to play the inhabitants of the village for over 200 years. I haven’t heard the reason in detail, but her muttering made me understand her feelings.

	Falga-sama watched over the place where people lived.

	Neah probably spent time with her in the village where her villagers lived, pretending to be herself.

	Certainly, it is similar.

	“…Originally, I could’ve stopped Karon before he went berserk.”

	“What!?”

	I was indulged in my thoughts, and I was upset by the unexpected words of Falga-sama who muttered.

	Does that mean that Mia Rak wouldn’t have to result in this state?

	“Even if the power of the dragon is about to awaken, he’s still a human being. If I was just awake, I could hold my breath with magic… but I couldn’t.”

	“Falga…”

	“Karon can be a trump card against the Demon King. If he completely owns my power, the armor I created, he will be powerful and unrivaled. And there’s you and the other two heroes from another world. If you cooperate with them and confront, you can defeat the Demon King.”

	The power to defeat the Demon King.

	If he inherits the power of Falga-sama, his power is equal to that of Hero Kazuki and Inugami senpai… No, it may be more than that.

	In fact, he was as strong as I was in physical strength.

	“But that’s just the beginning.”

	“Eh?”

	The beginning……?

	“No matter how much I told myself, I still couldn’t kill Karon. I couldn’t decide. I can’t kill Karon, my offspring.”

	“……That is!”

	Isn’t that something that can’t be helped…!?

	It is impossible to make a decision in a situation where you have to kill someone who is equivalent to your son.

	“I knew that my relatives would come to know of this. And knowing that “this person” did not do what was right… But I couldn’t be ruthless, because, no matter how many generations, Karon still has her vestiges, and that alone shakes my determination over and over again.”

	I can’t say anything to Falga-sama, who turned his eyes down and said in regret.

	There is no way he could kill a human being, the Mia Rak people who have watched over him, and his own descendants.

	“The reason Karon stays here is probably to kill me.”

	“T-To Falga-sama!?”

	“He’s trying to kill the source of my power and free himself from my instincts, which could turn him into the second Wicked dragon and destroy everything in sight.”

	“The Second Wicked Dragon!?”

	I was wondering why Karon stayed here, but it’s because of Falga-sama!?

	In other words, if he’s killed, Karon will be released from Mia Rak…! If Karon is in such a state of rampage, it’ll be a huge deal!

	Falga-sama saw the impatience of me and Neah and turned his sight down.

	“A dragon is a creature that is more fragile than you can imagine as a human being. No matter how strong or wise we are, it does not mean that our mental spirit is also good. We can turn into a monster that only destroys and kills in a blink of an eye… We’re a weak creature that easily tilts.”

	“Are you the same?”

	“Yes, I was trapped in my emotions and misjudged. If I thought about the future of humans, I should have killed Karon at that time.”

	“No”

	Neah interrupted Falga-sama’s words.

	With her surprise, looking at her on my shoulders, she stared at Falga-sama with her eyes, which showed some strong will.

	“That’s not the case. If you do that, you won’t be able to live with it. You don’t want to kill him, so you can’t regret it.”

	“Neah…?”

	“I think part of the cause I’m saying is wrong, but you’re regretting it too early. Karon is still alive, Mia Rak isn’t dead, we’re alive too.”

	Falga-sama became silent in Neah’s words.

	“I regret what I did and I feel like dying. I was so stupid that I almost lost something important, but thanks to this kindness, it didn’t happen…… So there is still hope.”

	……Does that mean that Neah has changed during this trip?

	Although it was only a month, the change was not small.

	“Like what Neah says”

	I look up at Falga-sama like her.

	Yes, there is no way I can give up while there is still the possibility of helping Karon.

	Although I intended to help him from the beginning, now that I have heard the story of Leona-san and Falga-sama, that feeling is unwavering.

	“We are here. We will not give birth to a second wicked dragon, and we will help Karon.”

	“…Are you going to do it even if I say that it’s impossible?”

	“I’m from the rescue squad. I’ve been through more crazier things.”

	I’ve always been unreasonable.

	This time too, that doesn’t change.

	There are people who are waiting for Karon to return, and there are people who do not want to let him die.

	That’s enough reason I want to help.

	“…You really are a strong person. That is why you must move forward in a straightforward manner.”

	Falga-sama muttered which made his expression calm and looked down at me and Neah.

	“You have qualities as a hero, but you are different. You are the one who fights and wins the hero, and you are the one who fights and saves for others. That is why it is fortunate for us that you, not the hero, visited.”

	“Y-You don’t have to go that far…”

	Ughhhh, I was suddenly praised and my whole body became itchy.

	Falga-sama closed his eyes and opened his mouth to me, who was a little embarrassed.

	“I have nothing to hide anymore. On top of that, I have something to ask you.”

	“What is it that you want to ask?”

	“I want you to save someone.”

	I want you to save someone… It’s strange to be told that again in the flow of this story.

	“Do you mean Karon?”

	“It’s not Karon, because I know in the previous words that I don’t have to hope so.”

	I tilt my head to his words that seem strange.

	Certainly, I have decided to help Karon even if he doesn’t say anything.

	If so, who is Falga-sama saying…?

	“She is carrying a mission and trying to solve everything by herself. She continues to drag herself without shaking off even the hesitation that afflicts herself, and even thinking of doing the worst possible thing.”

	“Worst meaning?”

	“With a scoop of the forbidden fountain, she’s trying to trade with those who threaten the city.”

	“…”

	In that word, I look at the fountain at Falga-sama’s feet.

	“Kureha Fountain”

	Water that makes people go crazy.

	A poison that turns life into power.

	Falga-sama’s “she” who took the water of the spring that would ruin and make those go insane who seek power.

	“Don’t tell me…!?”

	Was that what she looked like yesterday!

	Finally, I noticed the true nature of her discomfort that I had with her… No, I did notice!

	As Amako said, I’m so insensitive!

	If you think about it for a moment, you should immediately know how much she was mentally cornered!

	“…!”

	“I can’t reach her, nor Norn. To her, she was trapped in her mission and decided to hold that responsibility alone, but your words should still reach her.”

	Even today, she was worried about me.

	Don’t overdo it.

	Don’t worry about it.

	She was kind enough to care for me, who was crazy, and I couldn’t imagine she was going that far.

	“Usato, save Leona. This can only be done by you who didn’t want to be a hero.”

	She is going to die.

	She’s trying to stop Karon by throwing her own life.





Chapter 115

	Leona-san has taken out water from the Kureha fountain.

	A poison that, once drunk, gives the user tremendous power and in return erodes her body.

	“If you really desire the greed in your heart, be prepared for your body to decay in pain.”

	The words I heard from Norn-sama.

	I know she didn’t try to use the Kureha fountain with such malicious intent.

	Leona-san must have asked Falga-sama with that in mind.

	……Honestly, I don’t know what to say to Leona-san.

	Would I be able to stop her knowing her resolution?

	Would I hit her out of anger as she tries to trade blows with Karon and force her to stop?

	I can’t say anything about this unless I talk to her more.

	“Then, we will start fighting Karon tomorrow noon.”

	After talking with Falga-sama, a strategy meeting was held at night for the battle with Karon.

	The people who gathered were me, Amako, Arc-san, Neah, Norn-sama, and Leona-san.

	It was a rough strategy for the battle to be held tomorrow noon, but the tactic is to suppress Karon with me and Neah, then Leona-san and Arc-san will support us from behind.

	The first thing we have to do to deal with Karon is to pull the ax made by Falga-sama away from him.

	It is a measure to block the nonstandard ice, which is one of the factors that make him a threat.

	After pulling the ax apart, hunt him down until he becomes incapacitated. It would be very difficult to get that Karon out of combat, but if we work together, that’s not impossible.

	And it is Norn-sama, Amako, and Bluerin who will support us in battle.

	Norn-sama has the role of creating a barrier so that the battle between us and Karon will not be disturbed by wild monsters, and Amako will predict Karon-san’s movements against us from outside the barrier. I got the role of communicating.

	Bluerin is entrusted as Amako’s escort.

	We thought that Bluerin would get in the way if we worked together with Arc-san and Leona-san.

	“What happened? Usato?”

	Leona-san noticed my gaze and tilted her head as we returned to our rooms after the strategy meeting.

	As usual, her expression was that of a caring person as I hurriedly shook my face, and holding my mouth and giving an awkward smile

	“Haha it’s nothing”

	“……I see.”

	I don’t know how to answer her right now.

	Rather, I can’t talk to her when Norn-sama is still here.

	I managed to deceive Leona-san, so I had no choice but to leave the room to escape.

	* * *

	I got out of the room and went to the training ground.

	The dArcened training ground was illuminated by the moonlight and the light of magic tools leaking from the castle, and I sat near the edge of the training ground in the chilly night breeze.

	“Sigh.”

	Falga-sama asked me to save Leona-san.

	However, I don’t know how to stop her.

	It is not just a matter of confiscating the water brought out from Kureha’s fountain from Leona-san. If I did that, she would be in despair.

	However, if we continue to fight Karon, she will definitely use the water to fight Karon without hesitation.

	“This is tough.”

	Maybe if I were to just answer her truthfully, she’ll give up! Is what I want to say, but it’s also my fault for not noticing until this situation happened.

	“…Tsk!”

	I clenched my fist strongly at my own helplessness.

	I couldn’t forgive myself because I was training with her so much, I knew her troubles, yet I couldn’t comprehend it.

	“Usato, are you okay?”

	“…!”

	Looking back at the voice from behind, there was Leona-san.

	Unlike during her training, she took off her armor and was dressed in a long black skirt which looked impressive, looking down at my face as she turned around.

	“Why are you here…”

	“You acted a little strange just now. I was worried and came to see you.”

	Leona-san laughs with a shy smile.

	It doesn’t look like she has already prepared for her death tomorrow.

	“What really happened? Are you really that worried about tomorrow—–“

	“I heard from Falga-sama that you brought out the water from the Kureha fountain.”

	“…”

	I went straight to the point, stood up and approached Leona-san who was behind me.

	As I approached her awkwardly looking down, I continued to speak.

	“Leona-san. Are you really going to trade your life against Karon?”

	“…I thought Norn-sama would come to stop me… I guess Falga-sama chose you?”

	Leona-san showed another self-deprecating smile.

	……I haven’t put it into words, but from her attitude, it seems that Falga-sama’s words were true.

	Only he knew that it wasn’t a lie, but I wanted it to be a lie.

	“He really knows me well. That the person I didn’t want to know the most……”

	“The person you don’t want to know the most…?”

	“You’re always so straightforward with your feelings, and knowing and trying to do what’s right without hesitation is too dazzling for me. When I was with you, I was envious of you. Every time I see you, I get the urge to throw away this water…”

	What she took out of her skirt pocket was a clear liquid in a vial.

	Water drawn from the Kureha fountain. Although the amount was quite small, the vial had a strange presence.

	“I’m a fool. For whatever reason, I reached for the forbidden fountain. At that point I was fascinated by power.”

	That’s not right.

	I wanted to say that, but that word didn’t come out.

	As she said, it was none other than her who reached out to the fountain for whatever reason. She made her decision.

	No words of comfort would be able to help.

	“Can you rethink this? You do not need to throw your life away. Haven’t we been training all day for tomorrow?”

	“…”

	“But you’re throwing your own life to beat Karon…… Are you trying to say that the training we’ve been doing with Arc-san to this day was in vail?”

	I’m being a bit harsh, but it can’t be helped at this time.

	Even if it is, she must know what kind of intention she has made.

	Leona-san, who was silent in my words, smiled as if she had given up.

	“Really… I envy the strength of your heart.”

	“Eh?”

	“The days of training with you weren’t wasted. In fact, you grew up surprisingly fast and strong enough to fight Karon. If you and I really fought now, you will definitely win.”

	“Then—–“

	“But that’s not enough. No matter how much you can fight Karon, if he gets stronger in the middle of the fight, you can’t beat him.”

	I can’t say that it’s impossible.

	Actually, when I fought Karon for the first time, he awoke even though he still had some grace, and showed a dragon scale, overwhelming me and Leona-san.

	There is no guarantee that the same thing will not happen tomorrow.

	“And even though I’m able to fight Karon, I’m still unlikely to beat him. If we don’t have a “decisive factor” in tomorrow’s strategy, I have no choice…”

	“So, you’re saying you will use the power of the Kureha fountain…?”

	“That’s it”

	My guess was correct.

	Certainly, I have the power to fight evenly with Karon, but there is no decisive hit that can defeat him.

	“It’s not that I didn’t have hope. There were times when I thought I might be able to beat Karon with you, but considering the worst possible… my feet naturally headed towards the fountain.”

	“…Leona-san, you are…”

	“Usato, you must not die here. Given the threat of the Demon King, a big battle is inevitable. In that battle, you who can save many people shouldn’t die in a place like this.”

	I can only see it before, I’m just a daredevil.

	However, Leona-san doesn’t think so.

	My words did not reach before her firm will.

	“But——“

	“Usato. Please understand. I’m… a hero…!”

	The moment I tried to give her words of restraint, she grabbed my collar and pulled me towards herself.

	Leona-san’s line of sight matches me, who closed her mouth because of my surprise.

	Until a while ago, tears were flowing down which were hidden by her bangs.

	“Don’t say anything anymore… Every time I hear your words, my decision will be shaken…!”

	“Why must you go that far…”

	“As a hero of this country, I have to protect it! Mia Rak, a place for everyone to return! For that, Karon must be killed!”

	“But you’re not fighting alone!?”

	I also argued against her words.

	“Yes, that’s right… But there’s no guarantee that we’ll win just because we’re together! No matter how strong you are, you’re human! If you get slashed, you’ll die!”

	“Then I won’t be slashed!”

	“That’s not the problem!”

	“Then what kind of problem is it! There is no reason why being a hero, you must give up your life!”

	I can see that I’m getting heated.

	I am angry with this person.

	For this person who gives priority only to others and never thinks about herself.

	I am the same, but this person has no intention of living. That’s unbearable for me.

	“I’m a hero! I have to protect the place where everyone returns! Norn-sama and Falga-sama… So I don’t want you to die!”

	“I feel the same too! But you’re not alone with wanting, “a place where everyone returns”! Isn’t that just too sad of a thought!?”

	“……!”

	What is it meant to be a hero?

	Falga-sama and Norn-sama did not choose you as a hero to force such a thing.

	Leona-san became silent to my complaint. She looks upset, but her teary eyes seem to have a stubborn determination.

	This person will not bend her mind no matter what.

	“You, if you can kill and stop Karon in exchange for her own life, you’ll do it…?”

	“I do not mind.”

	“Even if there are people waiting for Karon to return?”

	Karon’s wife who she talked about before.

	I still remember her nostalgia. I’m sure it’s an important memory for her.

	However, Leona-san distorts her mouth and looks down a little.

	“……Yes.”

	The moment I heard the reply, my expression disappeared.

	It was a different feeling of anger that filled my heart that was empty for a moment.

	“Don’t fuck with me.”

	“…”

	“Don’t say as if you don’t mind that!!”

	Forgetting even the honorifics, I yell at her.

	I know I shouldn’t impose my thoughts. I know, but if she says that with that look, I can’t keep silent about it…!

	I know that expression. A girl who was cursed by Samaria showed the same expression to me.

	Leona-san has exactly the same look as Eva, trying to suppress her emotions and force herself to accept her destiny.

	“I know you’re scared and you can’t bear with it! You want to run away! And yet, you…! You think that killing Karon will ease this!”

	“No, that’s not…!”

	“Just kill Karon in exchange for my death, that’s all I have to do! Then I would bear the responsibility for killing him! If that happens, peace will return to Mia Rak, isn’t that what you’re thinking?”

	I grabbed Leona-san’s hand which was grabbing my collar.

	She looked at me in surprise, and I was even more prepared to spit out words.

	“No matter how much you accept your death, I won’t accept that. I will never let you die in front of me!”

	“…”

	“Look at me in the eyes!”

	Leona-san’s eyes shake.

	I did not allow her to look away.

	Once I held her down, I took a deep breath and calmed myself before saying.

	“Leona-san… I didn’t get to Mia Rak alone.”

	“Eh……?”

	“It’s the same when I went into my first battlefield, when I fought against the Wicked dragon, and when I struggled to break the curse in Samaria. Someone helped me to move forward.”

	Rose helped me when I was about to be killed by a snake in the Lingle Forest.

	A knight who helped me when a soldier of the Demon King’s army was about to stop me.

	Friends who helped me to fight the wicked dragon and break the curse of Samaria.

	Without them, I might have died somewhere now.

	“There is a limit to what you can do alone, that’s why you can ask someone around you for help instead of carrying everything on your own.”

	I released the hand that was still holding my chest, I reached out to Leona-san, who had just sat down.

	“Norn-sama, the maid… everyone in the castle, we’re here to help. If you ask for help, everyone would answer you. So you too will reach out to them. All you need to do is stretch out your hands.”

	“……My hand?”

	She looked up at me and stared at her hand in a daze.

	She pulled her hand and lifted it to the height of my shoulders, wondering if she could grab it.

	“Can I ask for help…?”

	“Yes, rely on it to your heart’s content.”

	I grab Leona-san’s trembling hand.

	A little surprised by her cold hands, I looked at her shedding tears, staring at our hands.

	……Was I able to change her mind?

	Rather, the feeling of guilt that made an older woman cry is now in my heart.

	“Leona-san, can you stand?”

	She wiped her eyes and nodded silently as she stood up, and I glanced at the vial she was holding.

	… Honestly, I should just confiscate it here or break the vial, but it doesn’t make sense since she can just draw the water from the spring again.

	“You can have that water, but promise me you will never use it as long as I’m alive. Even if my limbs are broken or my body is broken, I’ll stop Karon for you.”

	“Why are you…… that much…”

	You’re seriously a very kind but clumsy person.

	There are many different aspects, but I know people who are similar in that part. A violent, unreasonable, devilishly scary person, but like that person, they have a certain kindness.

	“That’s all I want to say. I have nothing more to say to you. Then… think for yourself and give me an answer.”

	I didn’t wait for her to answer as I turned my back on Leona-san who was looking at me in a confused manner and left the place.

	I don’t know how the exchange tonight will affect tomorrow.

	If my words didn’t get to her, Leona-san would drink the spring water tomorrow. When that happens, she turns into a monster that can be swayed by her own power.

	But if she changes her mind, she will fight Karon without drinking the spring water. If she relies on us to fight at that time, she will be a very encouraging ally.

	In the end, what I was able to do was not to save her, but to give her a choice.

	“…Ahhh I wish I could’ve word things better…”

	As I left the training ground and entered the entrance to the castle, I held my forehead and slaughtered my complaints.

	In the end, I left it to her emotions and spouted my own complaints, which made her cry.

	Instead of persuading her I might have cornered her on the contrary.

	When I think about it, I get sick of my emotional self.

	“It’s more like you to not say strangely good things.”

	“……Hmm?”

	When I fell into self-loathing, a figure appeared from the shadow near the entrance.

	When I focus my eyes, the figure of Amako with the owl Neah on her head.

	“It sounded like a tantrum, but it’s exactly what Neah says.”

	“Hey, what tantrum are you talking about? Don’t you have the same opinion as me? If so, you’re the same.”

	“Shut up, hairball.”

	“Ke, hairball!? I’m a cute owl, and you treat me like a hairball!?”

	I don’t know why she had Neah on her head, but I somehow figured out why they were here.

	……They were worried again.

	I smiled inwardly, I opened my mouth to the two who started the quarrel.

	“What about Arc-san?”

	“He was here until a while ago, but after seeing the exchange between Leona and Usato, he returned to my room with peace of mind.”

	“Probably he has read the air? Usato, you had a really worried face.”

	“I’m just being taken care of by Arc-san ain’t I…”

	He’s really a wasteful travel companion for me.

	……I’m not alone…?

	It was the word I said myself, but it is certainly true.





Chapter 116

	The day of battle with Karon.

	We were preparing for battle in front of the gate of Mia Rak.

	Preparing doesn’t mean doing anything huge, but just checking on our physical condition and the condition of the gauntlet, which is the key to this fight.

	“But to prepare something like this…”

	“I heard that Norn-sama was the one who arranged it, but I’m also surprised she could make such a thing in such a short period of time.”

	I was impressed by the shoes I was wearing.

	They weren’t the ones I always wear, but ones with slip protection on the soles of my feet.

	Norn-sama prepared shoes for us to fight on icy ground.

	My feet size was checked before Iknew it, and it was a perfect fit to both sides.

	“I’ll be able to fight Karon with a stable foothold.”

	I was slightly worried about fighting on ice, but with these shoes it would be okay.

	……The scaffolding problem has been solved, but we still have another problem.

	“Leona-san hasn’t arrived yet…”

	Only Leona-san hasn’t appeared yet.

	According to the maid, she would be a little late, but… I think I might have done something to Leona-san because of what I said yesterday.

	“What’s this~ To show a bitter face before the fight. It’s not like you.”

	Neah said to me who had a dark expression.

	“No, if Leona-san isn’t coming——-“

	“That’s not the case. She wouldn’t be scared anymore since she’s throwing her life for this fight. Though I’m not sure why she’s late.”

	Certainly, Leona-san wouldn’t back out right now.

	……No matter what she chooses, she will come here.

	“You care too much about her…”

	……I may be weak spirited even before the fight with Karon.

	Let’s change the topic here to dispel the tension.

	“By the way. I thought about my gauntlet yesterday.”

	“…What about? Is it… a way to give pain without injuring?”

	“Hou, ain’t that interesting? So you can actually start fighting back now?”

	“It’s just a joke! So stop rattling the gauntlets around my ears!”

	No, this too is just a joke.

	Neah frantically apologizes with all her might while her body is trembling in fear.

	You don’t have to be too scared… Is that her true face… Well, let’s get back to the story for the time being.

	“I thought of a name for this gauntlet.”

	“…Heh— I see.”

	I don’t like her reaction, but well whatever.

	After all, when it comes to my own armour, I think it needs a name or something. I couldn’t call it the silver gauntlet forever, so I thought of a proper name.

	For me only.

	A gauntlet that fits in my right hand.

	As a result of combining these two elements, the name of the gauntlet was decided.

	And that name is——,

	“I name it…… Heal Gauntlet!”

	“Uwwah, so lame.”

	“…”

	Can you not spill your true intentions so honestly?

	I feel like I suffered the most damage even before fighting with Karon.

	“Or rather, it’s just a gauntlet, so why do you need a name for it?”

	“Ughh!”

	Saying something so true, I can’t muster any words.

	Amako approached together with Bluerin, probably because she was listening to us.

	Amako, you can see the straight coolness of this name–

	“I honestly think…… that Heal gauntlet doesn’t suit it.”

	I was shocked by Amako’s words, and on the corner of my eyes, Arc-san was laughing out loud. From that reaction, I realized that the name of the gauntlet was horrible, and my shoulders dropped.

	However while being depressed, I raised my face to the figure that appeared at the gate of Mia Rak.

	It was Leona-san who wore the same armor as when we first met. Perhaps because she has removed the helmet I noticed that she was staring straight at me.

	“…”

	Leona-san walked up to me with a serious expression, wondering what she would say to me, and when she stood in front of me, she bowed her head vigorously.

	I was taken aback by her sudden behavior.

	“Ehhh, uhmmm, Leona-san?”

	“I’ve been thinking about it ever since. My resolution and your words.”

	With her face up, she pulls out a vial of spring water from a jute bag attached to her armor, and she stares at it and continues.

	“You didn’t take this water away from me because you respected my resolve.”

	There were no wicked feelings anymore, but a firm determination.

	The idea was that she shouldn’t drink the water, and ignore her resolve.

	……But that was like my self-satisfaction.

	“The water’s easy to use… but it’s harder than anything to overcome the fear of losing and fighting… It’s impossible for someone weak-willed like me. I’m sure I’ll break along the way—-”

	Leona-san’s gaze was directed to Arc-san, Amako, Bluerin, and Neah in that order, and finally returned to me.

	“I want you to fight with me. I feel it’s cowardly that I was hiding from you and made plans behind your backs. Still, I want to fight to protect this place.”

	Leona-san bowed her head deeper than before.

	There is no need to think about it, and it is not necessary to ask a friend for confirmation.

	“Let’s fight. Together, including you.”

	“Usato…!”

	“Didn’t I say this before? Please rely on me.”

	If you reach out to us, we will always reach out for her.

	Leona-san decided to fight with us instead of by herself.

	After that, all we have to do is join forces to fight Karon and win.

	* * *

	With the addition of Leona-san, we got ready and stepped out of the ice-covered Mia Rak out of the castle gate.

	Outside the city covered by Norn-sama’s barrier, there is Karon who has his eyes closed as if he were dead. He will wake up immediately and be ready for battle if he feels any changes in his surroundings.

	……The strategy was decided when Norn-sama recreated the barrier.

	We stop Karon from attacking the unprotected city while Norn-sama creates a barrier between Karon and us.

	This is the first stage of the operation.

	So that’s our first challenge.

	“Well then.”

	Seeing the bracelet fitted to my right arm, I deploy the gauntlet.

	The elbow and tip are wrapped in silver, making a squeaking sound. After checking the condition of my right arm, I ask Neah to cast a resistant spell.

	“Neah, cold resistance”

	“Yeah, I got it.”

	From above the shoulders, cold resistance is given to my entire body.

	With this, the cold air emitted from Karon’s axe can be nullified.

	“Usato, I don’t have to tell you this, but be careful not to hit me because I’m not sturdy unlike you.”

	“I know. I won’t hit you, at least until I let go of that cold axe.”

	It will be me who will actively fight Karon.

	It is quite dangerous to be attacked by him head-on, but I haven’t been playing for the past week.

	I’ve been training to eliminate my wasteful movement.

	It sounds simple, but it has made a big difference in my movements… I think.

	——It looks like you’re ready.

	“…! This voice is”

	Falga-sama’s voice is echoing in my head.

	If you look around, it seems that everyone other than me can hear it.,

	——I will be watching your battle. I can’t reach outside the city, but I can at least talk to you like this.

	——Karon is strong. From the point of view of you human species, his power is just a nonstandard word. But that doesn’t mean you’re inferior.

	Falga-sama’s words resonate deeply in the heart.

	However, only at this time, his voice felt very reliable.

	——-Work together, that is the strength of human beings.

	——-If you can do that, you will be able to defeat even a Dragon God.

	“Okay……!”

	I respond strongly to the voice that echoes in the head.

	It is endorsed by a Dragon God, who created the weapon of the hero. There is no reason why I can’t do my best after being told so far!

	——Norn, temporarily break the barrier.

	Ripples appear and sway in the barrier that separated the city of Mia Rak from the outside world in front of me.

	Perhaps he sensed that, Karon, who hadn’t moved until now, raised his face vigorously and turned his sharp eyes toward us.

	“Usato”

	Leona-san called my name and turned to it.

	“I’ll tell you now. No matter what the outcome is, I’m still grateful to you. I’m here now because I was saved by your words.”

	“……Don’t say that we did not do anything thus far.”

	“Fufu, that’s true. I guess I’m still a little weak willed.”

	With a soft smile, she wore the helmet hanging on her side.

	I also turned to the front and focused my consciousness on Karon. The swaying barrier disappears as particles from above.

	“…”

	Mia Rak, a city without people.

	Karon, a dragon who threatens the city.

	Falga-sama, a dragon god who watches over people from deep underground.

	And the disaster left by the wicked dragon.

	If you think about it, the wicked dragon was involved in our trips so far.

	Since the battle in the village where Neah lives, the battle between the hero and the dragon caused the curse of Samaria to be created. And this time, under the influence of the wicked dragon, Karon was forced to awaken the dragon factor of Dragon God Falga-sama and went out of control.

	“I have to settle this…”

	Cut off the connection with the wicked dragon.

	And both Karon and Mia Rak will be saved.

	“Ahhhhh!”

	At the same time as the barrier disappeared, Karon swung up his axe and jumped out at us screaming.

	Responding first to his movements, I squeeze my fist and kick the icy ground like him.

	The first stage of the operation, creating a battleground between him and us……!

	For that reason, what I’ll do is——

	“Hold you down!”

	Karon shoots a large icicle that he showed when he first fought me running on the ice ground.

	When fighting with him the first time, I had to avoid his attack. It’s still the same, but now I’m not fighting alone.

	The icicle that was about to hit me was thawed by the fan-shaped flame that flew from behind and turned into water vapor and drowned out.

	“I’ll handle the ice magic!”

	Ark-san can offset the ice.

	Nodding to that, I glared at Karon who was 10 steps away. He’s already trying to swing his axe down, but I squeeze my right fist.

	Karon, who is awakened as a dragon, has more power than me. If I take him head-on, no matter how hard my gauntlet is, it will be crushed.

	“U-Gaaaahhh!”

	“Right here!”

	I stopped just barely and firmly cut off the axe that was swung down, put my fist on the side of the blade and directed it diagonally. My left fist struck into Karon’s torso with his right arm wide open due to the impact from the side, and he leans back.

	Having succeeded in giving the first hit, I keep an eye on him and squeeze my left fist and take a stance and show my right fist to the opponent.

	“Uuu…! Uuu!!”

	Karon glares at me and growls angrily, attacks me again, but I repel the axe with my gauntlet and fight back with my left fist.

	However, maybe learning from the previous attack, he stepped on the side and hit without his axe.

	“I’ve seen through that!”

	Hiding my fist on my left cheek, I slammed my left fist into Karon’s unprotected chin.

	At the moment his body wobbles, I punched my right hand to his unprotected abdomen.

	“Healing magic burst palm…!”

	The impact of magic power is emitted from the right palm, and this time Karon’s body is blown away.

	Looking at him, who was not passive and rolled around on the icy ground, I kept an eye on him and in a radius of 100 meters centered on me and his place, Norn-sama created a new circular transparency—-a barrier is created.

	“Phew… we’ve made a place for us to fight. For the time being, the first stage of operation has been cleared.”

	With this, there is no need to worry about Karon escaping.

	Besides, I was able to prove that I can fight against Karon.

	Isn’t this week’s training proven useful?

	“T-That’s so scary! How are you fighting like that!”

	“Uwah!?”

	Neah, who had been silent until now, started making noise near my ear.

	I kept my eye on Karon while talking to her.

	“No but, it’s not like it was effective?”

	“From my point of view, his fist almost passed through me!”

	Sure, when I avoided the attack, his fist passed through the left side of my face, but Neah was on my right shoulder. I thought about her and avoided it, but she still didn’t like it.

	……If possible, I wish I could pull the axe away from Karon during our fight, but I couldn’t go that far. Even though I foresaw his movement and counterattacked, he was stronger. If I become too greedy, I risk getting an irreparable blow.

	While holding my head and watching Karon who stood up slowly, Ark-san and Leona-san arrived from behind.

	“Usato, are you okay?”

	“Yes, I’m doing fine somehow.”

	From here on out, the real show starts.

	I am the only one fighting him endlessly, but if Ark-san and Leona-san support me, the situation will shift here.

	“Usato, as you might expect, his axe is releasing ridiculous cold air. Leona and Ark might not be able to get close.”

	“It’s that strong…”

	“If you get close without magic, you won’t be able to move properly.”

	I didn’t notice it with my resistance, but it seems that the axe is emitting more cold air than I expected.

	Currently, I am the only one who can get closer to Karon.

	“Ark-san, Leona-san. It seems that there is no choice but to pull the axe away from Karon as planned.”

	“Looks like it”

	“It’s so cold at this distance. It’s no longer possible to prevent it with my armor.”

	……Karon-san is about to start moving.

	Taking a step forward, I stood in front of them and held my fists, and I called out to them.

	“Ark-san should deal with the ice, Leona-san should limit Karon’s movements. I will pull his axe apart.”

	“Okay!”

	“Leave it to me. You don’t do anything crazy too.”

	The two responded to my words.

	When I heard that voice firmly, I kicked the ice ground and jumped forward to launch an attack on Mr. Karon.





Chapter 117

	The “cane” created by Falga-sama changed into an “axe” in the hands of Karon.

	It gave Karon a powerful cold air power.

	It was the biggest threat to us, freezing the surroundings and releasing non-standard magic.

	“Hmmph!”



	My gauntlet and Karon’s axe collided, and a high-pitched metallic sound echoed in the barrier.

	The axe was parried by my gauntlet diagonally, but Karon swung up with all his power and tried to hit me again. One hit from him would be fatal, so I have to seriously deal with his attacks.

	“Gaa!”

	“Oh no you don’t!”

	Karon tries to grab the collar of my uniform, but I lean to the side and dodged.

	Instead of receiving his attacks head on, I tried to avoid attacks that can be avoided with minimum effort, and if there is an opportunity, I take the chance to punch there and break Karon’s pace.

	“I can still go on!”

	It was thanks to the training that I was able to fight, but the addition of Falga-sama’s gauntlets is also great.

	Even being attacked by Karon’s axe head on wasn’t a big deal.

	“I don’t want to do this anymore, I want to go home! Why am I in such a place, mouuu!”

	“That’s because you’re needed in this battle!”

	Neah was crying and kneading her ears, but she’s still maintaining her magic.

	A tremendous amount of cold air is being emitted from Karon’s axe. With horns and a tail and a further awakening, he has awakened even further than before.

	Currently I am protected from the cold by Neah’s magic, but Leona-san and Arc-san can’t do so without resistance to cold.

	Hence pulling the axe away from him is my first priority.

	“Uuuuu!”

	“U-Usato! This guy’s making an ice rock!”

	“…Tsk, he can even do that with such a distance?”

	Blocking the axe with my right hand, a number of ice pebbles were formed behind Karon.

	He’s really crazy to be able to use this much magic without any preliminary movements……!

	I’ll have no choice but to back off if it were to launch at extreme speed, however, all the ice gravel were drowned out by the flames emitted by Arc-san on the side.

	“I won’t let you!”

	“Guu, ga!”

	“Your opponent is me!”

	Arc-san struck Karon holding the fire sword with both hands.

	With that sudden blow, his position wobbled for a moment, and with that one moment, I took advantage of it and struck.

	Normally he should have been blown away by my fist, but he had his legs frozen.

	Looking behind, Leona-san is activating magic with one hand on the ground.

	“Usato, now!”

	“Thank you!!”

	Karon’s feet are stuck to the ground with ice, and tries to swing his axe in a confusing manner and generate ice, but all of this is handled accurately by Arc-san, and Leona-san’s didn’t allow him to be free whilst creating ice constantly on his feet.

	“Gaaa!”

	“Mu!?”

	Karon shook the axe that he was swinging around to me.

	He attacked from a weird position.

	Immediately reacting to his behavior, I took the axe with my right palm without hesitation.

	A heavy impact on my palm——but it’s not enough to crush me with my gauntlets.

	“…!”

	“You can’t crush me with such a rough attack!”

	“I don’t think you needed to take his attacks head on though!?”

	I apologized inwardly to Neah’s voice, which was about to start crying. I firmly grasped the axe’s blade with my gauntlet and squeezed my left fist powerfully.

	Arc-san and Leona-san were holding him still, and I held his axe to stop him from moving.

	“Neah! Can you use your restraint magic!?”

	“It’s more than enough!”

	“Alright! Let’s do it!”

	“Yes!”

	Until now, I haven’t dared to use restraint magic.

	Restraint magic would work if I could deal some blows to him, but that would only temporarily block Karon’s movements.

	Therefore, I and Neah changed our way of thinking.

	Restraint should be restricted, not stopped.

	A purple pattern emerged from Neah on my fist.

	“Aim at that shoulder!”

	My fist slammed into his shoulder joint which was holding the axe.

	His body is very hard.

	That’s because his skin and muscles have changed to a dragon, but he’s still a human being. Though I can release force by passing an impact through his joints and restrict the movement of his shoulders with restraint magic.

	The time during his weakness and restraint magic were moments——–

	“There!”

	For me, that momentary gap is enough!

	At the same time as his hand was weakened, I kicked his right hand up from below. The kick hit Karon’s wrist directly and kicked his axe upwards.

	“Now you can’t use the power of Falga-sama’s armor!”

	The axe flies up while rotating and the blade part disappears. changing into a handle-only shape.

	Probably, that is the original shape of the armor made by Falga-sama as a “cane”.

	“Gaaaaaaaaaaa!!”

	“I’m sorry! I can’t hold it anymore!!”

	Leona-san released her hand on the ground when Karon was going on a rampage.

	Before the restraint on his leg is completely broken, I kick him in the opposite direction of the axe’s flight so he can’t use his weapon anymore.

	“Arc-san!”

	“Okay!”

	Arc-san set the flame on the ice ground between Karon and us, generating a large amount of water vapor mist, blocking his view.

	I take a deep breath to calm down seeing a faint image of Karon at the tip of the fog.

	“We’ve suppressed Karon, created a place to fight, and let go of his weapon…”

	The only means of combat left for him who gave up Falga-sama’s weapon was hand-to-hand combat.

	In addition, there is no strong cold air that keeps my friends away.

	“There is nothing to protect him now! If we fight all at once, we can win…!”

	In my words, Neah and Leona-san and Arc-san who approached just behind me nodded.

	The third stage of the operation.

	It is to deprive Karon of consciousness.

	It’s a dangerous strategy that even we don’t know if it will succeed, but now that we’ve come this far, we have no choice but to complete it!

	Once I calmed down and took a deep breath, I raised my voice so that Karon, who was in the fog, could hear me.

	“I’m here! Come on, I’ll deal with you as much as you want!”

