	I avoid by stepping diagonally as if sliding the fist that was pushing forward to pierce my torso accurately.

	“Oh, in front!?”

	“There!”

	He who is overwhelmingly superior in reflexes cannot afford to swing up a wooden sword.

	While holding the wooden sword, I hit my shoulder against his fisted body and lost his posture. An astonishing expression appears on Usato’s face, which narrows to the point of sighing.

	I pushed Usato with momentum and pierced him who was about to fall sideways.

	“Wow…!? T-that’s dangerous!?”

	“So you were able to avoid it.”

	However, even after losing his posture, he can avoid it by leaning his body sideways.

	It is difficult to catch him with a normal attack… If so, there is no choice but to use magic.

	I change my stances from holding both hands to the right hand, hide the left hand behind him so that he cannot see it, and swing the wooden sword in the right hand to him.

	He flips my sword with his fist and tries to sneak into my back again, but at the same time I threw ice magic hidden behind him at his feet from outside his field of vision.

	“What!? Since when!?”

	After landing and solidifying his feet with ice, his movement finally stopped.

	I swung the wooden sword that was swung up to the top to him so as to pierce the momentary gap. With this it’s decided, and swing down with such thoughts ——,

	“This is just!!”

	“Huh!? Did you pull out the whole ground!?”

	Surprisingly, Usato pulled out his legs along with the ground sown with ice, avoiding my wooden sword just before hitting it, and distanced himself from me in the form of backflip.

	“Phew… I knew Leona-san is strong…”

	“That’s my line here. If you’re not good, you would’ve lost in the first move.”

	Amazing physical ability and reflexes.

	His ability that I saw up close can be concluded as just tremendous. What’s more, his power is not easily obtained, but endless amount of bloody training.

	“…What a waste…”

	Naturally, I muttered so.

	Usato’s fighting style is close to that of an amateur.

	Approach and attack, avoid when an attack comes. His way of fighting has no skill and it’s easy for me to read.

	When avoiding my attack, his movement was a little too exaggerated.

	If he has dynamic eyesight and reflexes enough to flip a sword with his fist, he should be able to avoid it with minimum movement without having to move so exaggeratedly.

	“And…”

	The most wasteful thing is his fist.

	The attack that was unleashed by his physical ability certainly has tremendous power, but not all of that power can be held in his fist.

	Because of the loosely swung arms, legs, and disordered posture during the attack, the power was not concentrated on the fists and some of his power leaked out.

	He would be able to defeat an average knight with no problem, but with such a gap-filled behaviour and fist, he won’t be able to defeat Karon.

	“…”

	The worst possibility I can imagine.

	It is that the opponent he will fight in the future will see his weaknesses like me, and then hit a deadly counterattack at the best timing.

	Karon who has lost all reasoning, is no exception.

	Even if he loses his reasoning, the possibility of fighting with his insight and skill before he loses his reason is not zero.

	“Leona-san?”

	“…Ah, let’s continue”

	Let’s continue working with him now.

	I generate multiple magic bullets on the left hand and look at Usato.

	“Fighting close combat with you is chilling. Let me take a little distance.”

	“Then I’ll just get closer to you.”

	Usato holding his fist in the same position as before.

	I shake the magic bullet on my left hand as if it were a sword, and fix it so that it floats in the air in front of me. The magic bullet fixed in the air changes its shape as it turns into an ice dagger.

	“I know you’re going to crush these blades, but it’ll hurt when you hit it!”

	At the same time as it descended backwards, five ice daggers fired at Usato.

	A major feature of ice magic is that it can be applied.

	It can be shot as a magic bullet that freezes the opponent, or it can be generated and shot as a dagger as it is now.

	“So magic can do this…!”

	Usato avoided the shot ice dagger by jumping sideways.

	Usato moves fast, but is easy to read.

	While changing the location so as not to get close to this, we will limit the escape location by releasing the dagger first to the place where he will jump out……!

	“You’re still avoiding it… it’s really awesome!”

	“I’m desperately avoiding it though!”

	Usato who dropped a dagger that could not be avoided in time with a knife rushed in here with tremendous force.

	Frighteningly, he is trying to approach while knocking down all the approaching ice daggers.

	“I’ll end this at once!”

	“I can’t expect you to come that way!!”

	At the moment, Usato’s right arm, which looked as if he had knocked down a dagger, freezes.

	“I don’t just shoot daggers!”

	By interweaving magic bullets in a myriad of daggers, I pierced the emptiness of his interception behavior.

	I’m sorry, but I’ll let you be restrained with ice at this opportunity.

	“Ku, Damn… Hmm? No, I can go!!”

	However, Usato acted beyond my expectations.

	He was stunned for a moment with his hands hardened with ice, but when he immediately turned his eyes to me, he started running again with his frozen right arm.

	“Wha-!?”

	Instead of stopping, I continued to shoot daggers and magic bullets at him, who is annoyed by the momentum, but he is worried that the ice that covers his hands with magic bullets is getting bigger. As if it weren’t there, he proceeded here while preventing the dagger and magic bullets with his frozen right arm.

	“Eh, eh!? Even I can’t predict that from happening!? Rather, how are you still moving!?”

	Although it should have been hardened so as to cover the tip from the elbow, he was swinging his arm around and trying to hit me.

	I decided that it was impossible to stop with more magic bullets, I held my sword and greeted him.

	“Hmmph!”

	The stick of the wooden sword catches the protruding ice-covered fist.

	“Guu…!”

	While looking at the wooden sword that made a creaking noise, he managed to throw his fist behind.

	Although his hand was numb due to a momentary impact, he was already in front of me with his unfrozen left fist in the right reservoir.

	“Let’s go, Leona-san!”

	“Tsu!”

	Feeling an uneasy premonition, he pushed out a punch with all his strength with his numb hands.

	However, at this moment, I notice that his gaze is focused on the protruding wooden sword instead of me.

	“I will destroy that!”

	“Wha…”

	His left fist, which was shaken off, accurately smashed the central part of the wooden sword that had become brittle with the previous blow.

	I leaked out amazement at the skill of him not being afraid of the incoming wooden sword and instead destroyed it.

	“With this—“

	“No, it’s not over yet! Usato!!”

	I’m not an easy opponent that I’ll lose my fighting spirit when I run out of weapons.

	I immediately throw the broken wooden sword in front of him and step into his back.

	He was caught for a moment by the wooden sword thrown in front of him, and he hurriedly swung the wooden sword away with his left arm.

	“There!”

	A magic bullet was hit against his left arm and the torso and left arm were sewn with ice.

	Yes, he would be able to release that restraint ――― But that would be enough opportunity for me!!

	“Cold!?…… As if I’ll let you do that!!”

	He avoided by lowering his right arm that was sticking out in pain.

	Without stopping the momentum to move forward, I put my hand on his right arm while passing each other, and at the same time, put my foot on his foot.

	“If you get knocked out, no matter how much you…!”

	Firmly holding his right arm with both arms, I hit him against the ground, and pressed his back with his body.

	Usato who is completely solidified with his right arm and pressed against the ground so that he cannot move. He was so surprised at the technique I had applied to him.

	“A joint lock technique!?”

	“I don’t know what that is, but this is one of the interpersonal fights I use when I lose my sword.”

	“I see…”

	When he said so while I was resting on Usato’s back, he responded awkwardly with his cheeks slightly red.

	Was it a little too strong?

	However, if I put more strength into it, his shoulders may dislocate, so please be patient.

	“I’m glad I managed to hold you down… I couldn’t stop you without this…”

	If I made a mistake, I was the one who would’ve fallen to the ground.

	Contrary to my fake calmed tone, I desperately calmed my premature heartbeat.

	His technique of breaking a wooden sword.

	Perhaps he can do the same with an iron sword. Otherwise, he won’t be confident in his technique.

	“No, it’s not over yet.”

	“……Eh?”

	Usato’s words detained under me made a stunned voice.

	……Is Usato still trying to continue in this situation? Although someone wouldn’t normally think they would continue in this situation, he is still burning in fighting spirit.

	“Because I’m serious about it, I can’t lose at this level, Ark-san hasn’t stopped us, so the fight is still ongoing.”

	“Wait a minute, if you continue in this state, your shoulder bones will come off!?”

	“I’m used to it popping off.”

	Usato crushed the ice on his left arm and placed his hand on the ground while being restrained.

	He should have had a terrible pain on his stiff shoulder, but he squeezed my cheeks as he gradually raised his body without expressing it.

	At that time, I remembered Falga-sama’s words.

	[If it’s a match, you’ll win. However, if it is an actual battle, you will definitely lose.]

	When he was suppressed, I won the match.

	However, this is not a match, but a match in which he and I seriously fight. Even if he is suppressed by my technique, the fight will continue if he has the power to manage this situation.

	“…”

	The right arm, which should not be strong, returns to the front.

	He is not only strong in physical and reflexes. What was truly scary was a strong mental strength that could withstand any pain.

	“Hmmph!”

	He stood up to the middle waist and swung his right arm that I was holding.

	I decided that no further restraint was possible, so I gave up and let go of my right arm and jumped off him. Usato, who checked his condition while turning his free right arm, smiled ferociously and held his fist.

	“Now, let’s continue.”

	The smile was enough to remind me of the smile of a woman called Rose, which was projected by Falga-sama’s magic yesterday.





Chapter 108

	Sparring with Leona-san.

	As for the results so far, I was at the mercy of her movements.

	……No, I didn’t think I could keep up with someone who has trained in their techniques for years.

	“I won’t be able to hit just by punching randomly.”

	While crushing the ice on my right arm with a knife, I looked at Leona-san in front of me.

	Leona-san’s fighting style is tricky using ice magic and swordsmanship.

	Probably, when she fought against Karon, she used the same tactic as she does now and surpassed his attack.

	“I didn’t mean to look down on you…”

	She was stronger than I expected, that’s probably what it was.

	I took a small deep breath and calmed my mind then opened my free right hand.

	If I hit and kick like I was doing before, I won’t be able to win.

	“Leona-san, I’m glad I was able to fight with you today.”

	“Wh-what’s with you all of a sudden?”

	Leona-san was confused and frowned at my sudden words.

	“After all, I have a lot to learn. I haven’t trained enough, and I don’t know any fighting techniques at all. Until now, my fighting style has been nothing more than brute force and the power of a trained body.”

	Even if I was about to lose, I was able to overcome it together with my friends.

	However, there may be times when I’ll have to fight alone without relying on my friends.

	“I noticed my immaturity. All I have to do now is make up for it.”

	“…You sure are positive…”

	“Otherwise, I won’t be here.”

	If I’m not positive, I would have a broken heart somewhere along the road.

	In my words, Leona-san moved her lips a little as if to say something. It looks like she’s muttering something, but I couldn’t hear it because of the distance.

	……I was a little worried, but let’s hear about it later.

	I changed my feelings and held my fist.

	“Currently my attack is being read, so it would be counterproductive to go along with it.”

	There is nothing more dangerous than a sticking blade.

	Therefore, I will break her reason by breaking through the front without any tricks.

	Leona-san is poised for me, who is a little low. I don’t have any weapons in my hand, but I’m not so disdainful of a person.

	“I’m coming……!”

	I kick the ground with all my might and head towards Leona-san.

	It’ll be good to end this with a close-combat fight. Thus I have the intention of defeating her with a single blow!

	“I won’t hesitate to use my power either!”

	“!”

	Leona-san shook her fist and swung her ice sword.

	The big sword that emits something like frost approaches me at a speed that does not seem plausible from her thin arms.

	“I’ll just break them again even if you remake it!”

	“Try it if you can!!”

	The size does not matter even if the material changes.

	While trying to break the sword with my fist——At the moment when my fist touched the big sword, the blade popped like a balloon,

	“!? This is…”

	The blade popped, a large amount of frost covered my upper body, and my field of vision was dyed white.

	……Tsk, the sword is just a decoy! The purpose is not to attack, but to block my view!

	The moment I came to that conclusion, I could hear the sound of something hitting on top of my head.

	“Catch my sword!”

	Something came down from above my head with the voice.

	With my view covered in white, when I jumped backwards, a sword made of ice fell on the ground in front of me with a rattling noise.

	She blinded and restrained me to block my movement……!

	This person’s skill is too versatile!

	“This is not the time to rest! Usato!”

	“I understand!”

	Leona-san who grabbed the ice sword created from her palm started slashing.

	I hold my fist to intercept her immediately, but when I see the three ice swords floating from her back, my smile cramps.

	“This is the least I have to do against you…!”

	“Kuh”

	At the same time I was avoiding her slash, three ice swords attacked me as if homing after me.

	The movement was monotonous, but it still attacked at different timings, so it was quite distracting.

	“I can’t believe you can still respond to this!”

	“I’m getting desperate, though!”

	Right now, I have to deal with four swords.

	The real threat is Leona-san, but the floating ice swords that’re attacking me with a time lag do not give me a chance to fight back.

	Somehow, while handling the attack, I smashed the ice sword that Leona-san swung down, but it was soon repaired from the broken part.

	I know right. It’s ice, so she can fix it right away.

	I’ll stop destroying her sword and hit Leona-san directly. At this rate, I can’t do anything and I’m likely to be pushed back.

	“Hmm!”

	I crush one of the ice swords with a powerful fist and hit Leona-san on the main body.

	I jumped up from the spot and avoided the remaining two, I made a half turn in the air to match the attack of Leona-san who pierced in accordance with the jump, and dropped the heel with momentum.

	However, the ice sword that I crushed earlier transformed into a circle and was deployed as a shield in front of Leona-san, blocking my kick.

	“Hmm!?”

	“Such force!”

	It was only a moment that was blocked.

	However, Leona-san used that momentary gap and stepped into this place at once, making a direct hit on my empty torso.

	Although I grabbed the tip of the ice sword, the momentum did not stop and it pierced my solar plexus and I was blown backwards in the air without being able to move.

	“…Ughhh!”

	Although I barely defended in time, I landed while making one revolution on the ground without killing the momentum of the thrust.

	It’s the magic bullets that Kazuki showed at Lukvis.

	It was done with three swords…… and she herself was fighting as well.

	Kazuki is stronger, but when it comes to techniques, Leona-san is better than senpai and Kazuki…!

	“Th-That was dangerous…… Really”

	Raising my face, a number of ice swords are falling down.

	I avoided by rolling sideways and the ice sword continued to fall toward me without giving me a break.

	“You’re seriously trying to beat me…! Leona-san!”

	As it is not clear as it is, I generate a large healing magic bullet with my palm, throw it at the ice sword that is pouring down here, and knock it down all at once.

	“…! It broke!?”

	“I have no regrets here either!”

	I threw a healing magic bullet at Leona-san, who was upset at me breaking the ice sword in the air.

	Even if an ordinary opponent gets hit by it Leona-san would easily prevent it. In fact, that was the case with Fegnis, the captain of Samaria.

	Therefore, I fought with her using a healing magic bullet without any restraints.

	“Magic bullets…!?”

	Using the healing magic bullets to destroy the Ice swords, she created an additional ice sword and shot it.

	It is certain that the ice sword that will be pouring down from now on is woven with magic bullets that stop my movement. Besides, unlike the dagger I mentioned earlier, it is falling so that it will be drawn to me.

	In order to get closer to Leona-san without being able to stop moving ―――,

	“It’s just a matter of avoiding everything!”

	I have trained my eyes and body.

	Then, I should just believe in myself and move forward.

	Instead of hesitating, I stepped further forward.

	“Oooh…!”

	I looked at the ice sword that was falling like rain with my eyes and avoided it while running.

	Leona-san showed an astonishing expression as I was rushing towards her, as the ground was scooped out and ice fragments were flying in the air.

	“Tsk!”

	“I’ve caught you!”

	The cold air was removed by hand, and I held my fist near her waist.

	The fist was blocked by the ice shields piled up in the air, but regardless of that, I shook my fist and hit Leona-san with the shield directly.

	“Dang…”

	“It’s too shallow…!”

	Did she jump back to lessen the blow! If so, let’s hit directly next!

	I raise my fist and try to charge again.

	Leona-san, who looked at me painfully while landing on the ground, throws away the broken ice sword from the middle that she would have used for defense and closes her eyes.

	“I guess there’s no choice but to use it…”

	She muttered and began to put magical power in both palms.

	It’s not just about storing magical power like before. The clear and beautiful light blue magical power becomes darker as magic is poured.

	“— Let’s do it!”

	That alone made me understand what she was trying to do.

	That’s why I had to stop her at once.

	At the moment when I tried to kick the ground with all my strength and close the distance at once, the colour of her magical power changed to a dense one at a speed that was incomparable to me.

	“Oraaaa!!!”

	Before something is done, I’ll have to put a stop to it.

	At the moment I swung my fist down, Leona-san put her hands on the ground with a surprisingly calm movement, muttering the words with a voice that I could barely hear.

	“— System strengthening”

	At that moment, a wall that gave off a strong cold air appeared between me and Leona-san.

	* * *

	Strengthening herself with ice magic.

	The hero, Leona-san created an ice wall by strengthening herself.

	The ice wall was so transparent that it was hard to tell if there was a wall there.

	However, I could immediately understand that it was not just a wall because of the intense cold air that was emitted.

	“——This looks bad!?…… Guuh”

	Before even thinking about punching the ice wall that appeared before me, I applied the brakes on my feet and stopped.

	Although I had a strong pain in my leg, I managed to stop just before I hit the ice wall.

	“…!?”

	I don’t think it’ll just only hurt if I punch such a wall! At worst I’ll be blown away from my consciousness!

	How could she do this with such timing!?

	Leona-san who is at the end of the clear ice, breathes on her shoulder and looks at me regrettably.

	“…With this, it’s decided…?”

	……If I can find a way to go around this, I can defeat Leona-san.

	The game has already been decided.

	She failed in the final bet with the technique of strengthening herself.

	… If I want to win, I have to go directly to Leona-san……

	“It’s different…!”

	There is no way I can make a detour here.

	This is Leona-san’s trump card.

	That’s why my current power is… She wants to know how well my fists can communicate…!

	“I’m going! Leona-san!!”

	“…!? Usato, what ——-“

	In front of the wall, I wasn’t concerned about winning as I put my fist up.

	I slammed a serious fist that I could put out in my current position against the ice wall.

	“Oraaaaaaaaaaa!!”

	The intense sound of metal noise echoes in the training ground.

	The coldness of the ice wall made my exhaled breath white, and the fist felt like freezing coldness.

	The serious punch I released.

	Then, slowly release my right hand and look at the struck place.

	There —–,

	“…! Haha…”

	The ice wall that I struck as hard as I could had no cracks.

	It’s different from the time with the Wicked dragon. This wall was so hard that I could even be sure that I could never break it.

	Strengthening magic.

	The strengthening used by Leona-san is to create an ice wall that no one can break.

	No,someone as skilled as her would make a wall as troublesome as this. In fact, because her opponent was me, I would’ve been injured if she timed it right as I was punching.

	“I still don’t have enough training…”

	While recognizing my immaturity once again, I saw Leona-san who did not move with both hands on the ground.

	She can be seen through the ice wall, she shook her upper body and was about to collapse.

	“Leona-san!?”

	When I rushed to her sideways and supported her in a hurry, she looked apologetic with a little out of focus.

	Ark-san rushed to this place like me while supporting her, and was informed of the end of the sparring.

	“Leona-san, are you okay?”

	“Sorry, I’m sorry… my magical power is running out. It seems that I’ve overdone it a little… It should improve after a while…”

	Certainly, if you use that much magic, it wouldn’t be strange if the magical power was exhausted.

	Besides, system strengthening uses more magical power than ordinary magic.

	For the time being, I apply healing magic to cure her fatigue.

	“It’s amazing. Leona-san’s system strengthened. I didn’t think it would prevent even my best punch.”

	“Haha, it can’t be broken even by Karon. It’s also the only technique I can be proud of… but I failed that too.”

	While looking up at the ice wall that still exists, when she said that, who had become much more complex, laughed powerlessly.

	“If I hit that wall with my strength head-on, it was Leona-san who won.”

	“…But I didn’t even land a hit on you.”

	“Well, I stopped it with brute force.”

	Honestly, the moment I stopped, there was a considerable load on my legs.

	It’s okay to heal immediately with healing magic, but if I make a mistake, I may have lost consciousness due to the impact of hitting the wall.

	……I couldn’t even joke or laugh at the shock I rushed into……

	“Are you okay!?”

	“Yeah, I’m out of light magic… Thank you Usato, I’m fine…”

	Leona-san, who said that to Ark-san who ran up, stood up by herself while wandering.

	Ark-san confirmed that Leona-san and I were not seriously injured, and relaxed his shoulders.

	“Well, I was wondering when to stop. When Usato-dono wanted to punch Leona-dono in the form of a demon, I was always ready to stop, but it seems that I didn’t need that either.”

	“Did I have such a scary face?”

	In the form of a demon, I’m becoming more and more of a monster…

	Ark-san showed a bitter smile at me, looked sideways at the ice wall created by Leona-san’s system strengthening and let out a voice of admiration.

	“Is it a system strengthening that excels in defense? Apparently, it has produced ice that does not contain any impurities, is that correct?”

	“Ah yeah. You seem to know about it…”

	Leona-san affirms Ark-san who considered that while stroking his chin.

	Ice without any impurities? I don’t know what it is, but I’m sure it’s a substance that is stronger than I think because it was made with magical power.

	“To prevent even Usato’s fist…”

	“Oh yeah, it didn’t feel like it’s going to break at all. It’s the first time I felt like this.”

	“As expected of the knight that Mia Rak is proud of.”

	Leona-san looks a little bad at the complimenting words of Ark-san.

	Ark-san stopped talking to her as to what she had guessed, and turned her gaze toward me.

	“Well, Usato-dono. Did you get anything from sparring with Leona-dono?”

	What did I get?

	I nod to Ark-san’s words.

	“I have power, but I’m not utilizing it. When I fought with Leona-san, I was keenly aware of how much I was fighting with my senses and power.”

	“It’s enough to understand that, because it’s important to be aware of everything you do.”

	I am an amateur when it comes to fighting.

	However, I can’t be an amateur forever.

	“There’s not much time to train. I will ask Usato-dono to learn only the basics of fighting. In your case, if you can properly prepare your posture and attitude, you will be stronger than ever.”

	“Posture and attitude”

	“Usato-dono is a little overpowered. First, we must be able to control your own power.”

	Control my strength.

	Is that what I need to be stronger than I am now?

	I have no choice but to learn it. I’m sure it will be necessary for future trips.

	“I will cooperate. I will do my best to fill in what I lack within this period.”

	“If Leona-san’s power is added, it will be like going against100 people. I can really rely on her.”

	“Well, being told like that…”

	I nodded to her, which she turned a little red, I struck my cheeks and face her again and bowed down.

	“Thank you!”

	The last few days until the special armor was made.

	I will retrain to gain new strength in this place.





Chapter 109

	The night of the day after I fought with Leona-san.

	I was still training alone at the training ground.

	The training was not so intense, it was quiet and slow, which was different from my usual method.

	“Strike without wasting unnecessary movement.”

	The legs should be half a step away, the sides should be tightened, and the fists should stick out not only with the arms but with the whole body.

	Muttering to myself, I slowly and powerfully stick out my fist.

	[Usato-dono, you should start by fully grasping your power.]

	Ark-san and Leona-san told me that I was using too much power.

	Certainly, I must have been swayed by power.

	Until now, I didn’t think that was a problem because I had defeated the opponent only with pure raw strength, but for opponents like Leona-san who are toying with me only with pure techniques, I’m as good as a sitting duck.

	“…No matter how I look at it, it’s a straight fist thrust.”

	In the end, it became a stance like a straight fist thrust used in karate, but Ark-san says that it is this position that can make the strongest blow.

	“Put your feet on the ground? Easier said than done.”

	With the image of transmitting power by twisting the body, finally hit with a fist.

	Ark-san compared my fist to a mallet.

	Although it’s large and powerful, it was an attack to blow away people.

	And what I should aim for from now on is a blow like a spear that pierces.

	Attack that “sticks” into the opponent’s core instead of spreading.

	[Don’t just make your opponent fly. One blow, that’s all you should ideally do.]

	The other party will surely lose consciousness, and even the defense will be easily destroyed… That’s my current ideal attack.

	“Fuh…”

	However, that is difficult.

	It is impossible to change what I’ve been doing in a short period of time without changing my mentality.

	Of course, I don’t think I can do it well from the beginning.

	In the first place, my talent for fighting and swords seems to be average, and I still have to do it steadily as before.

	“Well, everything’s a challenge… right.”

	There is no shortcut to training.

	There is no waste in the accumulated training.

	The trained muscles do not betray me.

	In other words, what I can do now is to continue to train honestly.

	When I took a deep breath again and tried to hold my fist again, something fell from the sky on my shoulder.

	“Hmm? Neah?”

	“You sure are training in a relaxing manner.”

	When I looked over my shoulder, there was Neah who had transformed into a black owl.

	Looking at her with her wings folded, I took a breather and put in my fist.

	“What’s wrong? I thought you would hole yourself in the library after dinner…”

	“Ah, uh, yeah. I found Usato on the way, so I came to see you. Since you’ll be training alone.”

	“Oh my bad for being such a loner.”

	I said with a little sting in mind.

	“…So what are you doing?”

	“What? Obviously I’m training.”

	“O rather, I’m asking what kind of training you’re doing.”

	A rare Neah was interested in my training.

	Although she’s usually interested in it, what caught her attention?

	“A training to……… correct my posture I guess? The mystery to win is to acquire a one-point intensive healing punch, so I’m returning to the basics to acquire that magical fist… I think.”

	“Uwah, what kind of awesome name is that… Concentrate on one point, in other words, the other person will die. Specifically, there’ll be a huge hole in the place where you hit. What kind of technique is that? One where you kill and revive the opponent immediately?”

	“Of course not!!”

	What kind of god-like technique that transcends all sorts of things!

	It’s too scary!

	“This is also a training that seeks to control my strength, so it is also to eliminate such worries.”

	“Control of power huh. Well… your order is all messed up. From my point of view, isn’t that the first thing you should be learning?”

	“…Well, when it comes to me”

	“Your eyes are swimming around…”

	“Ugh…”

	I was more like training to run, not to fight, so I just couldn’t come up with the idea of controlling power.

	While making excuses inwardly, I take a deep breath and squeeze my fist to my waist.

	Take the left leg one step forward and take a half-body stance.

	“Hah!”

	While exhaling, I stick out my right arm squeezed to the waist.

	The fist drawn out from the waist position makes a half turn and cuts the wind.

	“…”

	I slowly pulled back my fist and pulled my leg, and I released my tension.

	Neah, who was watching me like that on her shoulder, nodded in a meaningful way.

	“I’m not sure how to put it, but it doesn’t look like brute force anymore.”

	“I wish that were the case, but I still have a long way off…”

	What we are doing now is mainly to correct my posture. Eventually, I should be able to do this even in combat.

	“Oh, how strong does Usato want to be in the end? If you don’t weigh yourself, you’ll become an even higher monster than a monster.”

	“What is a thing above the thing…”

	Rather, I’m already a monster…

	I had never thought about it in the end. After all, as a goal, I want to grow to the extent that Rose recognizes it, but if I were to combine it with the current training…

	“I want to be able to attack by reasoning according to the situation.”

	If I can’t break through with just my strength, I’ll punch them once after seeing the opponent’s attack with my eyes, and if my opponent can’t understand just by reason, punch them with all my strength.

	In other words, it would be good if I could use them properly and fight.

	In my words, Neah places wings on her mouth as if thinking.

	“It should never be compatible…”

	“Isn’t it impossible?”

	For that purpose, I have to be able to do another training with Leona-san.

	It’s not difficult because that person has some experience.

	“Well, you’ll have to do that much if you want to be able to win against that dragon man called Karon.”

	“That’s right, but I don’t think I can win alone.”

	I’m not proud.

	No matter how far I went, I was just a person whose physical ability deviated. For me, there are many things I can’t do.

	“I have friends I can rely on.”

	“Is that including me?”

	“Huh? What are you talking about? Why are you even asking that question?”

	“…”

	After putting it into words, I regretted it.

	It was because I realized that I had said something quite embarrassing to my partner.

	Why does my mouth move in reflex?

	“…”

	“…Ne-Neah?”

	Neah, who was a little down in my words, went down from my shoulder and stared straight at me in the form of her vampire girl with black hair and red eyes.

	“What’s wrong?”

	“After all, I thought I had to say this…”

	……What?

	What would you say again? I have no idea at all.

	No way, does Neah not even think of me as a companion, was that the case? If so, it would be quite a shock…

	“Thank you”

	However, contrary to my belief, the words she said or more precisely muttered were to thank me.

	I couldn’t understand the meaning of her words and was bewildered.

	“Eh?”

	“Though I’m the cause of this, please take responsibility for me.”

	……

	I ruminate her words in my head, I approached her silently and put my hand on her head.

	“…”

	“U-Usato…?”

	Aside from her embarrassment, I poured healing magic with a stern look so as to wrap her head.

	Neah’s eyes lifted up as her cheeks were burning red.

	“Wha-! I don’t have any fever!! You seriously are rude!!”

	“……Eh!?”

	“Why are you the one who’s surprised!!”

	Neah shook my hand away and resented her anger with nowhere to go.

	Maybe she honestly wanted to thank me……?

	“No, I was surprised that you were able to thank me honestly… I thought maybe something was wrong with you…”

	“To worry about me in a roundabout manner really pisses me off…”

	“Ah, I’m sorry, it’s my bad.”

	When I apologized to her, she crossed her arms and turned to me, perhaps because she was in a good mood.

	However, the day will come when I will be grateful to Neah.

	Because she’s not a straightforward child, I thought she would never say such a word, but did she grow up as she traveled?

	“Rather, did you think I was someone who would abandon you? It’s a little out of my mind.”

	“That’s not true, but Usato has an important trip, and Amako has the purpose of helping her mother… it was best to abandon me there…”

	“That’s a bad move. I’ll never move forward if I have to cut ties with my friends.”

	If I had abandoned Neah there, I would definitely regret it.

	Probably she feels guilty enough to drag her for the rest of my life.

	I don’t like that, and I’ve already thought of her as a member of our traveling companion.

	“And I think Falga-sama knew everything?”

	“I got a feeling too. It seemed almost meaningless to hide in front of him…”

	Falga-sama let me choose.

	I don’t know what that means, but I can say for sure that he didn’t force me to fight to the end.

	“Well, if you eat poison, you’ll get blood. As long as you’re a friend, or as your servant, must take responsibility.”

	“What’s that… I’m poisonous you say?”

	“It’s all about accepting you, including all your problems.”

	When I said that, Neah became silent leaving me with those words.

	Eh? Is the meaning different in the first place?

	Well, it must have been transmitted in terms of nuances, so I guess it’s fine?

	I stretched back on the spot and relaxed my arms. Even though I had dinner, I was tired of doing the same training from noon.

	“Nnnn, I’m about done anyways, let’s head back to the castle.”

	“…Ahh, yeah.”

	“?”

	For some reason, tilting my head and wondering Neah’s words at that time, we proceeded toward the castle.

	Then, before I knew it, Neah had transformed into an owl and flew silently over my shoulder. I’m a little about her quiet demeanor, but I didn’t let it bother me so I entered the castle with Neah.

	While walking silently along the passage of the castle for a while, I found a maid holding a wooden box from the front.

	“Oh, Usato-sama, and Neah-san, right? Good evening.”

	“Good evening. What are you doing?”

	We exchange greetings and watch her wooden box.

	It looks like there are a lot of empty bottles in it, wait… are those potions?

	The maid has a slightly depressed look from my doubtful look.

	“It’s an empty potion bottle. I’m disposing of what Norn-sama used.”

	“Is Norn-sama alright?”

	Only Norn-sama can play the role of maintaining the barrier of Mia Rak.

	She took first aid with my healing magic, but it wasn’t perfect.

	“She’s a person who has a stronger sense of responsibility than anyone else… She’ll complain in a soft tone, but she’ll never actually give up. Actually, the effect of the potion is insignificant. Before Usato-sama came, she was really close to her limit.”

	“Really……”

	When I first met Norn-sama yesterday, she certainly looked in a terrible state.

	Her face was lifeless and the dark circles were under the eyes that I can’t believe she could still stand.

	“I can’t do anything about it. Norn-sama’s will is solid… so all I can do now is take care of her surroundings.”

	“…Why did you stay here?”

	Why didn’t this person run away like the rest?

	The same can be said for the people who remain in this castle other than the maid.

	“Simply put, I couldn’t leave Norn-sama and Leona-sama alone… I was told to run away with everyone, but I noticed that I have to remain here.”

	“Did Norn-sama and Leona-san initially intend to fight here alone…”

	There’s also Falga-sama, so it’s probably three people, but it’s still reckless.

	Did Falga-sama know that we were coming from that point?…… It’s possible, it’s okay for him to wait in advance.

	“They are too stubborn. They would have relied on us who are a little closer to them, but they said they could do it all on their own… Leona-sama is even more reckless than Norn-sama…”

	The maid who got angry enough that I can hear a “pun pun” onomatopoeia. However, that anger was also purely worrisome to Norn-sama and Leona-san.

	……Is Leona overdoing it?

	Maybe it has something to do with Falga-sama calling her “Hero Leona” yesterday. Why did Leona, who holds the title of hero, say that Karon was supposed to be a hero… At present, it’s a topic that I, an outsider, can’t get involved…… Hmm.

	“Oh, that’s right! I was thinking of asking you the next time I met you!”

	“Yes? What is it?”

	The maid talked to me if she remembered something when she saw me groaning annoyedly.

	For the time being, she nodded and pulled out a piece of paper from her skirt pocket with a smile on her face.

	It was a slightly brownish paper.

	The letters were written tightly, and in the middle of it was a large letter, with big fonts… something…

	……This is……!?

	This “article”, if I’m not mistaken, had a big impact on my heart.

	“Oh my, I feel a little sick, so I’ll head back to my room okay…!?”

	Amako’s precognition magic also grasped the situation at a deep blue speed and tried to withdraw, but at the same time my body was tied up by the restraint magic activated by Neah on my shoulder.

	I suddenly got stuck, I was so upset that I couldn’t break the restraint magic and became rigid.

	“Let’s hear a little more. Right, Usato~”

	“Ne-Neah… You betrayer…!”

	“Eh? What ever could you be saying? Anyways, what does the maid want to ask Usato about?”

	Looking over my shoulder, I saw an owl with a sinister face.

	The maid was inclined to our exchanges, but she returned to a smile with a single voice of Neah and showed me the carefully folded paper.

	“I found it this morning! This is Usato-sama! A healing magician who vowed her future with a hero! The caricature was completely different, but I’m very interested in it!”

	The maid’s words that did not make me feel any evil pierced my spirit deeply.

	The article that was shown was an example of Inugami senpai and myself.

	When I was being shown head-on, I was so shocked and embarrassed that it repeatedly made my face deep blue and bright red.

	“Ha ha ha…, it’s just a rumor. I’m not suited to the hero.”

	“…Uuuun. Is that so… let’s leave it at that for the time being.”

	Although I could barely deceive her, the maid still stared at me with suspicious eyes, and the next moment she returned to a smile and politely held the article in her hand.

	Did- Did I manage to fool her…?

	How dare you senpai, attacking me directly from a far distant place……

	Moreover, there are some strange rumors such as “I swore my future to him”!

	What is this? Has this already been known all over the continent? It was too embarrassing and I have the urge to roll around the place!?

	What does senpai in distant places think about this?

	I exchanged light words and broke up with the maid, and with a small sigh, I walked down the aisle illuminated by the light of the magic tool.

	At the same time, it seems that there was senpai who was rolling on the ground and writhing with a grudge voice saying “Dammit…!”.





Chapter 110

	The fourth day after visiting Mia Rak.

	I entered my third day of training, and was in a mock battle with Leona-san.

	Leona-san and I were fighting as seriously as possible the day before yesterday, but the simulated battle from yesterday was different.

	“Don’t lose focus Usato!”

	“Yes!”

	What we are training now is avoiding and attacking at the same time.

	I avoid Leona-san’s wielding sword with minimal movement.

	In return, my attack was being blocked by her, and this has been going on many times.

	It’s easy to understand that instead of focusing on exaggerated avoidance like I usually do, it feels like I’m avoiding her attack to move on to the next attack.

	“——Tsk”

	However, this is unexpectedly difficult, and the moment I think about my next attack, the wooden sword swung sideways scoops my temple.

	Clicking my tongue, I avoid continuous slashing by shifting sideways by half a step.

	There is no need to waste excessive movements. Not only the movement of the sword, but all the movements of Leona-san are captured in the field of view, and the next action is predicted and avoided with minimum movement.

	I remember the time when I was fighting Ark-san, who was controlled by Neah.

	At that time, I give up attacking him and use the back of my hand so as not to hurt him, but this time it is a fighting method that can be said to be an advanced version of it.

	“…Though I say that!”

	In this training, I have two restrictions.

	One is that I can’t battle Leona-san’s sword with my fist, and the other is that I should not get out of her radius of about 1 meter.

	The first isn’t that restricting, but the second where fighting in a narrow space whilst avoiding Leona-san’s attack was harder than I imagined.

	In fact, until I got used to it, I was hit with a wooden sword and made countless lumps which I have to heal with healing magic.

	“There……!”

	I avoided Leona-san’s sword several times and jumped into her bosom with minimum of movement and let my fist stop right at her abdomen.

	After a few seconds of silence, we lifted each other’s stance, lowered our sword and fist, and stopped.

	“That’s good enough, right?”

	“…No, it’s not good at all.”

	Leona-san has a troubled expression from my words.

	“Even if you’re dissatisfied with it. I’m still amazed at your physical strength. You may have noticed that I was trying to confuse you with a feint from time to time… And from what you just said…”

	“Yes?”

	“I was scared inwardly because you responded after all the feints were applied.”

	This person was saying that it’s a feint.

	I didn’t notice it at all.

	I thought that she was moving unnaturally, but I think that I had responded unconsciously.

	“Your “eyes” are splendid. From my point of view, I’m supposed to impose a lot of ridiculous training on you… but when it comes to avoiding, you already learnt enough.”

	“Haha, that’s you know, it’s thanks to my master.”

	Well, if such a Spartan is also trained regularly, you’ll be able to avoid any attack.

	I remember before leaving for the journey to hand over the letter — the days of special training in hell where Rose was beaten endlessly and learned to avoid it……

	At that time, I was complaining about what I would gain with such unreasonable training, but after traveling, I was able to realize how much Rose’s training helped me.

	……No, I was beaten up.

	“Usato, are you okay? Did you hurt yourself? Let’s take him to the medical office?”

	“…Eh? Ah no I’m fine. I just remembered the days of training with my master.”

	“I- I see… How much training did you do with your master… No, she’s a woman who puts so much pressure on you. I’m sure it’s far beyond my imagination. It must have been something…”

	Leona-san looked at my face and was astonished.

	Somehow, I feel sad when I get used to this reaction.

	“I guess you’ve kinda grasped my training? It’s easy to remember because the foundation was laid.”

	“What are we going to do next?”

	“Same as before. Make your body remember today’s movements. That alone will make your movements faster and less wasteful.”

	Training to eliminate waste?

	If I think about it carefully, spending less time avoiding and instead not using unnecessary magic or physical strength. In that respect, this may be an effective training.

	“Before that, let’s take a short break.”

	“Well, I’m still able to fight though?”

	It’s still about an hour by noon, and I have plenty of physical strength.

	Also, from this afternoon, Ark-san will oversee our training, and I want to do what I can do now…

	However, Leona-san shakes her head.

	“You have been training from morning till night since yesterday right? No matter how much healing magic and extraordinary physical strength you have, you can’t overdo it. If you are too careless, you won’t be able to do anything.”

	At the end, I nodded while understanding the words of Leona-san who muttered a little.

	There is a reason for her to say.

	It may be a little impatient……

	I relaxed my shoulders and turned to Leona-san.

	“Then, is it okay to look around the city for a moment?”

	“I don’t mind? But there are no people in the city right now…”

	“I thought of going with Bluerin… I was wondering if I could go for a walk with a blue grizzly bear.”

	“With Blue Grizzly…”

	Leona-san shows a mixture of confusion and curiosity, perhaps because she remembered Bluerin sleeping in the stables of Mia Rak.

	Being a knight of Mia Rak, and because she knows what kind of monster the blue grizzly is, she is interested in the self-degrading bear called Bluerin, who has forgotten the wild.

	“Usato”

	“Yes?”

	When thinking so, Leona-san, who returned her gaze as if she had decided, called out to me.

	“Is it okay for me to accompany you? If you like, I can give you some directions…”

	“I don’t mind. Rather, I’ll be glad since I won’t get lost.”

	There are no people, but I can also learn about the city of Mia Rak.

	I nodded to Leona-san’s offer and moved with her to the stables where Bluerin was.

	In the stable, a marimo-curled Bluerin is sleeping, and when he notices that I am nearby, he turns his sleepy eyes toward me and makes a big yawn.

	“Hey, Bluerin, get up. Let’s go for a walk…”

	“Gufu…”

	“Oioi…”

	Aren’t you a little too sleepy……

	Looks like I’ll have to drag his lazy ass out.

	When I shook the blue giant and forcibly raised it, Bluerin shook his eyes, and when he turned behind me while swaying, he jumped on my back.

	“Wow!? You got heavier!?”

	When I was thinking about letting Bluerin go on a diet someday, he had completely entrusted me with his whole weight, struck my shoulder with his forefoot while yawning.

	Are you telling me to take a walk by myself?

	“Guu…”

	“…You’re hopeless. I’ll put you down once you’re fully awake, alright?”

	He nodded, and I carried him and left the stable.

	Leona-san was waiting outside the stables and saw me and Bluerin and screamed a little.

	“Hya!? U, Usato… Why are you carrying the blue grizzly… Bluerin!?”

	“Ah, he’s still sleepy.”

	“That seems to be the case, but that doesn’t answer my question!? Rather, isn’t he heavy!?”

	“I’m used to it, so it’s okay. Let’s go.”



	“Uhhhh, okay…?”

	Looking at Bluerin and me alternately, I walked out of the castle with Leona-san who wanted to say a hundred things.

	As usual, there were no people in the streets of Mia Rak, and it was quiet.

	“It’s quiet”

	“Yes.”

	Leona-san looked at the city of Mia Rak and nodded mysteriously, perhaps because she had finally settled down.

	“It was crowded with lots of people, but now it’s so quiet that you can’t even see its shadow. As a resident here, I wanted to show you the true cityscape of Mia Rak.”

	“I would love to see that… and I also wanted to try the fish dish, which is a specialty of Mia Rak.”

	“Fufu…”

	Leona-san smiled at my words.

	For a while, we walk around the city while listening to our guide.

	When I came here, I couldn’t afford to see the city after being attacked by Karon, but I wonder if this is also a rich place crowded with people.

	The benefits of Mia Rak’s abundant marine resources would be immeasurable.

	“Gururu~”

	“Bluerin was looking forward to eating Mia Rak’s fish.”

	He groaned a little…

	Leona-san smiled strangely at me who was laughing at him.

	“Fufu, I’m sorry. It’s strange but it seems natural that you carry him on your back.”

	“Natural… well, I guess so. I was running with him on my back in both the Kingdom of Lingle and Lukvis.”

	“Well, is that so? So it’s not your first time…”

	At first, Rose told me to get used to running with people on my back.

	Bluerin seems to have no hesitation in being carried by me, and I myself am wrapped in fluff so I don’t think it’s that bad.

	“I thought I’d been a knight for a long time, but I’ve never seen a human who is as close to a demon as you. I heard that you even have a familiar contract?”

	“If anything, the familiar is Neah. Though it’s more of having a contract with her.”

	“Her? I heard from Falga-sama that she’s a mixed race of vampire and necromancer… It’s unheard of for a humanoid monster to sign a contract with a human.”

	Did Falga-sama also know about Neah’s race?

	But being told by Leon-san again makes me think that it is indeed strange. Instead of signing a familiar contract with Bluerin, who should be a demon, Neah almost forcibly signs a contract.

	Yeah no, it’s really not normal…

	“I’ve been surprised by you many times since I first met you. When I first met you, I thought you were just a kid, but when slowly getting to know you, it was a series of things that were out of the ordinary……”

	It’s normal for me, but for Leona-san and Norn-sama, it’s a series of surprises.

	I myself may say that common sense itself is different for people from different worlds, and my life in different worlds so far may be a little different from other people.

	“The most surprising thing was that you defeated the same dragon as Falga-sama.”

	“You mean the wicked dragon?”

	“Yeah, even the existence was hidden until the day I met you… I heard from Falga-sama in detail about the wicked dragon and found out that it was really scary.”

	Every time I remember the wicked dragon, I don’t want to fight again.

	It was a monster that was so evil and was full of malicious intent.

	“I’m sure I won’t be able to fight if I stand in front of the wicked dragon.”

	The words of Leona-san who muttered so stopped thinking for a moment.

	Leona-san can’t fight face to face with the wicked dragon?

	What does that mean? Looking at her strength, even if she doesn’t have a decisive blow against the dragon, she should be able to stop it.

	She had a painful laugh while moving away from the awkward topic.

	“I’m sure you would be able to, since you were on par with Karon…”

	“It doesn’t matter whether I can or not. I’m not as strong as you think. No matter who wants it, no matter how much you expect it… I’m fragile and crushed like ice. I’m weak that I can be shattered…”

	Honestly, I somehow knew that Leona-san was having trouble.

	But I still want to say it. It’s heavy, it’s heavy… Leona-san…

	It’s not something I should be dwelling into. It’s a story that should be done to maids and Norn-sama.

	“I’m fighting because I’m the only one who can do it. The title of hero was also chosen by me as a hero, probably because the best knight, Karon, went out of control…”

	“Norn-sama doesn’t choose you as a hero for such a crude reason.”

	“Yes, I know… I know but.”

	Leona-san conjures words to convince herself.

	I can’t turn my face to her walking next to me. I didn’t know what to say to her.

	“…Is it okay to take a detour?”

	“Eh? I don’t mind, but where?”

	After a while of silence, I nodded to her.

	The destination she went to after changing her destination was the gate we arrived when we came to this city. Leona-san silently walks down the gate and out of the city.

	When I followed her with Bluerin on my back, the barrier created by Norn-sama and the pure white silver world spread out beyond that.

	“…It’s still frozen.”

	The water surface around the frozen Mia Rak city.

	Reflecting the sun’s rays to create a fantastic sight, Karon, a long-haired man with a bare upper body who stays upright and does not move, has a strange presence in the center.

	Bluerin groaned warrily, but Karon, who was standing still in the distance, did not seem to move.

	“Do you want to get off?”

	“Gufu…”

	I put him down, who is groaning on my back, and look at Karon, who is standing on the ice again.

	“What is that person doing now?”

	“He’s asleep. To be precise, it might be more correct to say that he has stopped.”

	He kept his eyes closed and did not make any movements.

	It was a calm expression that did not make me feel the ferocity when I met a few days ago.

	“He’s holding back his power when he’s not in combat. In addition, he’s in that state, and by pouring his magic into the surrounding ice, the power of the ice is fully exerted.”

	Was that the reason why the ice did not melt?

	I thought that it would melt someday, but this means that Mia Rak can’t even move the ship unless he is defeated.

	“What if he notices us now?”

	“He will attack. He will only attack those who enter his icy territory. It is no exception here in Mia Rak. Without Norn-sama’s barrier, it would have been destroyed by this time.”

	“…”

	If Norn-sama fell, would Karon come to attack here immediately?

	But is the reason for attacking here only because there are people? It’s pretty bad to say, but he should be able to leave Mia Rak and rampage, but he is stubbornly aiming for Mia Rak without leaving here.

	It was as if there was something in Mia Rak that attracted him ――――

	“Hmmm……”

	It looks like a bad guess.

	In any case, it has been decided that Karon must be stopped for the people of Mia Rak and Neah.

	When I stopped thinking and looked at Karon who was standing silently, Leona-san muttered next to me.

	“Karon is my subordinate.”

	“What? Was that so?”

	“Oh, I often meet with him face to face.”

	I knew that they’re fellow knights, but I didn’t know they’re subordinates?

	Maybe even friends.

	“He was the best knight who tried to do good for others and be strong for the people.”

	“Wow, he was such a person.”

	“His personality is good coupled with being funny. He was a good young man who was loved by everyone. It might be even weird for me to say this… but he was the ideal knight that everyone thinks.”

	I wonder if it has a personality similar to Kazuki. If so, he seems to have a pleasant personality.

	Leona-san smiles with a bitter expression while talking about Karon.

	“And he has already won in life. Because he has a habit of conversing with others, he was also about to be married.”

	“Well, if he’s the same age as you… he should be about 20+ years old, right?”

	Isn’t it unusual for a 20+ years old?

	I don’t know the standard in this world, but that’s still young.

	“Then, what about Karon’s wife…?”

	“She evacuated to the neighboring country safely, but she wouldn’t be relieved if her husband Karon was in such a state…”

	……Are you acquainted with her?

	From her tone, it sounds like she has accepted it… I’m sorry to hear that so I shouldn’t prompt further.

	Karon’s wife must be praying for his safety.

	There is no proof of seeing his personality, but it can be heard from Leona-san’s story that he’s not a bad person.

	“In that case, we must help for the sake of Karon’s wife.”

	“……Hasha……”

	“What’s wrong?”

	“No, I’m sorry. I just thought that your straightforward words were… very good for me.”

	Leona-san pulls a weak smile.

	I didn’t know how much emotion was contained in those words.

	However, given Leona-san’s distress and the fact that there are people waiting for Karon to return, her mission as a hero to save Mia Rak and her current situation of having to help Karon must surely be a huge burden.

	“Let’s go back soon”

	“……Yes”

	Nodding to the words of Leona-san who saw the rising sun, we walked along the original road with Bluerin.

	“…”

	Before returning, I shifted my eyes to the place where Karon is.

	The appearance of Karon standing alone on the vast ice did not seem to be as rough as when he was fighting with me.

	“Guwa~”

	“Hmm? Yeah, let’s go”

	Prompted by Bluerin, I turned to the front and headed toward the castle.

	Can I stop Karon-san?

	Looking at Karon and such a vague question popped up, I followed Leona-san’s back, which looked lonely.





Chapter 111

	I took a walk in the city of Mia Rak with Burlin on my back at night.

	After finishing the training with Ark-san in the afternoon, I was thinking about today’s training while resting on the sofa placed in the center of my room.

	My training is proceeding smoothly for the time being.

	The dodge training with Leona-san has a solid foundation, so that wasn’t difficult. However, I will not be able to learn it overnight because I still need a lot of time to correct my posture during battle.

	Certainly, I won’t have enough preparation to fight Karon.

	Until now, my body has been attached to the movements that I imagined in my head, but when the technical aspect is added to this image, the difficulty jumps up at once.

	Although it is progressing smoothly in the long run, it is almost impossible to learn in a short period of time.

	Regarding this, let’s train without rushing.

	“The rest is my strengthening system.”

	After seeing Leona-san’s system strengthening, I reviewed mine once more.

	The system strengthening that I had been practicing since I left the Kingdom of Lingle has become quite stable in the last few months.

	It is now possible to maintain my magic in a strong state, and my hands are no longer full of scratches.

	“It should be almost completed, but…”

	However, I didn’t have the consciousness that this was strengthening my healing magic.

	Something is different.

	My healing magic is not the beautiful green healing magic I saw at the clinic in the Kingdom of Lingle like Olga-san. The colours are pretty close, but something is missing.

	I lit a healing magic light on my palm and stared at it.

	“I asked Leona-san, but I didn’t get an answer.”

	Today, I asked Leona-san about system strengthening.

	Leona-san, who saw my immature system reinforcement saying, “I’m about to lose confidence…” while calming down, but when I asked her how she was practicing system reinforcement, her expression turned blue.

	[Your one is crazy to say the least!?]

	I don’t really care about Leona-san’s straightforward words.

	According to her, system strengthening is something that you learn with the utmost care, and you aren’t just forced to practice with the effects of healing magic like I do.

	She said with a bitter smile, “That’s just crazy” as she turns and looks at somewhere else.

	In the end, when Leona-san saw my healing magic system enhancement, she didn’t know what was missing. Rather, from her point of view, my system strengthening seems to be almost successful, but I’m not convinced.

	“…It’s still far from being perfect.”

	The thing that comes to my mind is my master in the Kingdom of Lingle.

	For Rose, I was only halfway there, and I have not yet become her ideal healing magician.

	Recognizing and admitting that fact, I get up from the sofa and slap my cheeks.

	“I have to work harder!”

	It’s unbecoming of me to sulk.

	What I learned from the rescue squad is to be positive

	For me, who has overcome the training with the paradoxical idea that there is peace ahead of hell, this degree of adversity is not flatulence.

	“I think Usato is trying too hard…”

	“Hmm!?”

	I was surprised by the voice from behind.

	Looking back, Amako stood in front of the door behind with a stunned expression.

	“You surprised me. Knock next time…”

	“I did. Usato was the one who didn’t notice.”

	Was I that absorbed in thinking?

	For the time being, I get up from the sofa and let Amako in the room.

	“So what happened?”

	“I was worried that Usato was a little strange, but… it looks like you’re doing well.”

	Is she worried about me?

	Amako sat on the chair and said it made me a little happy.

	“Well, there’s no point in worrying if I don’t start from somewhere. I just thought I’d do what I could do. I’d like to train my body.”

	“I’m not sure what you’re trying to accomplish but… yeah, that’s more like Usato.”

	“Like me…”

	What kind of recognition do I have from Amako?

	While laughing awkwardly, I swallowed the question that came out of my throat, and diverted the story to another topic.

	Amako apparently came to see me, and when she knew I wasn’t worried, she relaxed her shoulders and gave me a friendly chat.

	“So, is Leona-san all right?”

	During the conversation, Amako suddenly asked me such a question.

	Opening my eyes to her unexpected question, I asked her what she meant by that.

	“Okay as in?”

	“She also seems to have a hard time…”

	Is it?

	Certainly she is suffering from various problems.

	Karon-san, the hero… She is suffering more than I think.

	“Falga-sama said that Leona-san will be killed by Karon-san if she doesn’t know what she has to change, but I think it shouldn’t be ignored…”

	“…”

	I remember the warning that Falga-sama gave to Leona-san in the basement of the castle.

	“Knights who seek and depend on others for their raison d’etre and cannot affirm themselves. Understand that if you cannot acknowledge your existence, you will die an awful death.”

	A deep and emotional voice.

	A knight who cannot affirm herself.

	It is certain that it was Leona-san who could not recognize herself as a hero…

	“…I can’t do anything about it.”

	I am a healing magician so I don’t have the power to solve people’s worries or heal my emotional wounds.

	For some reason, I often get such consultations and talks during my travels, but I have never led to a solution based on my own thoughts.

	“I don’t think you have to try.”

	“Eh?”

	I instinctively answered back to Amako’s words.

	“Usato is good as is.”

	“Amako…”

	I just need to be myself.

	Being told that, I felt happy.

	Yeah, it’s better to be yourself……

	“Sometimes Usato doesn’t think before he acts, sometimes insensitive and dense, but those parts are both bad and good.”

	“Aren’t those all bad!”

	What part of ‘good’ are those!?

	How is being insensitive and being dense good!?

	The other day I was told about being insensitive, but being rash and insensitive isn’t good!?

	“?”

	“Y-Yeah. Why are you looking at me like that…”

	Looking at me and trembling, my expression was cramped by Amako with a mysterious expression. Did she already come to a conclusion that I’m just an insensitive man?

	I have to explain this well and change my perception of Amako……

	Clearing my throat intentionally, I turned to Amako.

	However, at that time, the door of my room was tapped lightly.

	Who is this time… Neah or Ark-san?

	“Usato-san, are you there!?”

	It’s the voice of the maid.

	While being surprised by the panicked voice that doesn’t suit her gentle personality, I opened the door.

	“What’s wrong?”

	“This is bad!”

	At the end of the door is a maid who was a little out of breath.

	What on earth happened?

	I couldn’t hear anything from outside……

	Aside from my confusion, she took a small deep breath and calmed her breath and she took my hand and approached me.

	“R-Ride…”

	“Ride?”

	What will I ride?

	I tilt my head to the words of the maid who is out of breath.

	“Norn-sama has fallen!”

	“Eh!?”

	Norn, the Queen of Mia Rak, has fallen.

	The collapse of Norn-sama means that the barrier that has protected Mia Rak from Karon will disappear.

	If the barrier disappeared, Karon would come here.

	If that happens, we will have to fight in a state where we are not ready.

	I came to understand that, I was frustrated and asked the maid to guide me to the place where Norn-sama was.

	* * *

	When I learned that Norn-sama had fallen, Amako and I hurried with the maid to the hall where she had fallen.

	Originally, Leona-san should also be called, but the situation is sudden, so it’s better to find someone that can help her.

	“Seriously, this is just an exaggeration…”

	In front of us when we arrived at the hall was Norn-sama holding her forehead with a stunned expression.

	I thought that she was in a critical condition, but she was sitting on the throne with a stern face, so I suddenly missed the beat.

	“I’m glad you’re worried, but at least listen to me… Even though I’ve fallen, I’ve just stumbled, but you’re already rushing and calling for help…”

	“I’m sorry…”

	Speaking only of the result, it was the maid’s misunderstanding that Norn-sama had collapsed.

	No, there was a fall, but in the case of her, she just stumbled and fell, and the maid who happened to see the scene misunderstood that Norn-sama had fallen because of overwork. She hurriedly asked for help from me.

	“I’m sorry for worrying Usato-san and Amako-san.”

	“No, I was relieved that Norn-sama was safe.”

	“It doesn’t concern me.”

	Amako and I waved to the maid who bowed deeply. I was expecting a situation in the unlikely event, so I’m glad she was safe even if it was a waste of time.

	Besides, even though she stumbled and fell, she has been in insomniac for days and has maintained the barrier. She wasn’t just careless and she stumbled.

	In fact, Norn-sama’s complexion is bad.

	My healing magic should have cured her body’s abnormalities, but she’s somehow messed up. It may seem that she is sick because she is mentally exhausted, not because of her physical abnormality.

	……Is it better to apply healing magic for the time being?

	“Norn-sama, should I cast healing magic? I can at least heal the tiredness of your body…”

	“…Yeah, sorry for troubling you.”

	Norn-sama acknowledged her tiredness and extended her hand to me with a slow motion.

	I touched the hand as little as possible and applied healing magic to Norn-sama. My green magic light wraps around her body and heals her tired body.

	Norn-sama was somewhat appalled by my healing magic, opened her mouth a little awkwardly as she looked at the maid, who was still worried.

	“You can go back to your job. I’m fine so you don’t have to worry about me.”

	“! Yes!”

	The maid replied with a smile, bowed politely and walked out of the hall a little faster.

	Norn-sama quietly saw her off, then turned towards me and muttered.

	“She does most of the work in this castle.”

	“…Almost all?”

	“Of course not all, but I’m sure she’s doing the bare essentials to maintain this castle…… and all the remaining castles are here for me, who tried to protect the country alone.”

	She tried to protect the country alone.

	I can’t imagine how prepared it is.

	It is not an ordinary mental strength to spare time to sleep and still protect the country.

	“I didn’t want them to stay in the castle. To tell you the truth, even Leona too.”

	“Are you trying to fight it alone?”

	“I knew it wasn’t possible, but I’m not a “fighter” no matter how much I can handle the magical tools that Falga-sama gave me. I can’t hold a sword or a spear. The only way was to just create a barrier at the place and keep the status quo…”

	Norn-sama had a self-deprecating smile when she saw the cane in her hand.

	She dropped her shoulders and sighed, “Ah,” and rested her body on her throne.

	Her appearance seemed more like an ordinary woman everywhere than a queen.

	“If this happened, I should have studied a little more and practiced the sword. I didn’t think I would regret not having received the super-troublesome education of the castle.”

	“Eh, ah yeah…”

	I don’t know how to answer even if someone says something like a student before their exam.

	Rather, as a former high school student, I can sympathize with her, so it was slightly troublesome

	“At that time, I didn’t really understand what a queen was, but when I came to it… I could understand it.”

	“What would that be?”

	“I have to protect everyone. I used to say that if my position changes, my consciousness will change. I became a queen with those half-hearted feelings, and I saw the cityscape of Mia Rak from the castle. Finally, I realized the weight of the role of a queen.”

	“Role, weight…”

	Although the position was different, I had a similar experience.

	When I ran through the battlefield as a rescue squad, I was burdened with the lives of the knights fighting on the battlefield on my shoulders.

	I’m sure Norn-sama is in such a situation now.

	“I was informed by Falga-sama that I’ll become a queen.”

	“Is that so?”

	“Yeah. Falga-sama’s existence is only revealed to the Queen and those of special status. Originally, you, who are from other countries, cannot meet him.”

	Certainly, a dragon with the same power as the Wicked dragon should be kept secret.

	“When I first heard Falga-sama’s voice, I thought I was crazy. If I was resting on the throne like I am now, he’d say, “Oh immature one, it’s okay to have some spare time, but behave like a queen.” as I heard a voice out of nowhere.”

	“Haha, that’s amazing.”

	Is it a feeling that resonates in my head from nowhere?

	No matter how you hear it, anyone will be surprised if you hear a voice out of nowhere.

	“But I’ve worked so hard thanks to Falga-sama’s help. When I’m maintaining the barrier and I’m about to break my heart, Falga-sama always speaks to me. But if I think about the harsh words being said, I notice that everyone is saying it for my sake.”

	……I was slightly impressed.

	Why did Norn-sama continue to maintain the barrier until I visited here?

	There is a limit to the potion. Nonetheless, she was able to endure it probably because Falga-sama was helping Norn.

	“Usato, I’m fine now. Thank you.”

	“Yes, how are you doing?”

	“Thanks to you, I’m much better.”

	Nodding to Norn-sama’s words with a faint smile, I let go of her hand.

	I only healed her physical fatigue, but her facial expression has returned to some brightness.

	“I’ve told you a little bit of my bitterness.”

	“No, I had a lot of things to think about, and I was worried that I would be the one to talk to.”

	“That’s not the case. Like your healing magic, just talking like this has helped me enough.”

	Currently, Norn-sama is doing her best to maintain the barrier, and casting healing magic and talking to her helps.

	It would be nice if it helped.

	“Well, Amako, let’s get back to the room soon.”

	“Yeah, I’m getting sleepy too.”

	Amako and I exchange words.

	I thought I’d go to bed for tomorrow, and when I tried to turn back, I noticed that she was looking at me and Amako.

	“Why are you traveling with a beastman?”

	“You mean Amako?”

	Suddenly, Norn-sama asked.

	Norn-sama groaned at the words and had a surprised expression on what she said.

	“Don’t be offended, I’m just curious about the beastmen traveling with humans.”

	“Oh, is that so?”

	Certainly, if you’re just a passerby, you will doubt that Amako and I are travelling together.

	“Uhhm, Amako”

	“It’s okay to talk about it.”

	Amako decided that I could explain, so she told Norn-sama that one of the purposes of this trip was to “go to the Beastman’s Land to help Amako’s mother.”

	Norn-sama, who heard the purpose of our trip, opened her eyes in surprise.

	“The country of beastmen… I can see your intention, but I can’t recommend it.”

	“Is it too dangerous for me as a human being to go?”

	“Although there is that… The behavior of the beastmen these days is strange.”

	Mia Rak is the closest human country to the Beastman country.

	I was a little worried about the words of Norn-sama, who governs such a place.

	“What has happened to them?”

	“Beasts who had never left their country before suddenly have a human appear before them.”

	“Suddenly…? You mean visiting a human all of a sudden?”

	“It seems that they don’t interfere with humans so much, but there were reports that it was like looking for something.”

	Are they trying to find something?

	Being aware of the danger of being caught by bandits and slave traders, when it came to working in the human realm…

	I was thinking with my arms folded, but when Amako grabbed my free hand, I returned to myself.

	Amako often pulls on the hem of my clothes, but it’s rare for her to hold my hand, so I looked at Amako a little surprised.

	“What’s wrong Amako… Amako?”

	“…”

	Amako was staring down while holding my hand.

	She was sleepy and held my hand…… I don’t think that’s the case. Her shoulders are trembling, and above all, her hand is holding my hand.

	Perhaps the beastmen were looking for—–

	“……Ah no.”

	It’s about Amako now.

	It may not be good for her to talk about the country of beastmen.

	“Norn-sama”

	“Wait a minute”

	“Eh?”

	Norn-sama held her temples as she tried to cut Amako’s story.

	With her eyes closed and silent, she nods at someone. She’s probably hearing something from Falga-sama.

	Somehow, as she watched my hand holding Amako’s, she opened her eyes and looked at me with a serious expression and opened her mouth.

	“…Usato. Falga-sama has completed your armor.”

	“…!?”

	I was surprised at the words of Norn-sama who lowered her voice.

	The hero’s sword that was given to Falga-sama will come back as my own armor.

	What kind of shape it is

	What kind of power does it have?

	When I think about it again, feelings of anxiety crept up to me more than I expected.





Chapter 112

	My weapon was completed.

	After hearing the news from Falga-sama, Amako and I first went to call Ark-san and Neah who were resting in their room. Ark-san was awake, but Neah didn’t come out at all when I knocked on the door.

	Wondering what had happened, I turned the doorknob and it was unlocked. When I entered, she was in bed on all fours sleeping.

	I’ve seen this in Samaria before, and I was shocked by her careless way of sleeping, and decided it would be difficult to wake her up in this state, so I put the blanket on her and left the room.

	In the end, everyone besides Neah went to the throne room.

	Norn-sama was the only one waiting on the throne. When asked where Leona-san is, she seems to have gone to Falga-sama first.

