	“……No.”

	“Why? Didn’t you enshrine her curse?”

	Neah, who was watching her condition, shook her head slowly.

	“What I’ve applied is only resistance magic. Right now, she is resisting the curse, but if this can get rid of those guys…”

	“……So this is just a makeshift…?”

	So it won’t end that easily?

	After all, this is a curse that not even any books could find.

	I finally grabbed the opponent by the tail, I won’t let it go anymore. I’ll absolutely break the curse and save Eva.

	“…If only I can understand the true nature of this curse.”

	“Hmm? Neah, meaning——-”

	“Usato-sama!!”

	“ “ ! !” “

	Trying to ask her if she knew about something, but she closed her mouth as Eiri in a nightwear jumped out of the house.

	He wasn’t his usual self.

	“Eiri-san… This is.”

	Oh no, wouldn’t it be a misunderstanding seeing as though I’ve harmed Eva in this situation.

	How do I explain this?

	Despite that, his legs came to a stop.

	“……Eliza-sama?”

	“Eh?”

	Looking at Eva’s face, he muttered so quickly and immediately rubbed his eyes.

	“…I was watching what was happening through the window! I know that Usato-sama has saved the princess! Anyway! Please carry the princess into her bedroom!”

	“O-Okay!”

	According to his instructions, I carried Eva and walked towards the house…

	“…Ah shit., The bones…”

	Looking at my shadow created from the moonlight, I thought the curse has spreaded to me.

	However, my own shadow was normal, but more than half of Eva’s body had disappeared in her shadow.

	The scarce shadow seemed to point to the rest of her life, and I couldn’t help but realize that the situation was going through the worst.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	The skeleton are good at mental attacks.

	Usato can’t prevent mental attacks that he’s not used to…





Chapter 89

	After plucking the curse skeleton that was eroding Eva’s body with the magic of Neah, I brought her to the bedroom as directed by Eiri.

	She’s sleeping with on sound at all, but she is breathing properly.

	……However, it is visibly weak.

	“…Will she wake up?”

	Eiri-san went to the palace to inform the King about this, so he is not here.

	When I saw the moonlight shining through the window illuminating her, I slowly closed my eyes and talked to Neah.

	“Neah, how much resistance magic does she have left?”

	“About half a day, but I’ll keep it as long as I can if I add magic. But then—–“

	“It won’t solve the actual issue… right?”

	Neah nodded at my words.

	Now, Eva is safe because she has the resistance to repel the curse by the resistance magic. However, once that’s gone, she’ll become more and more debilitating——essentially disappearing.

	“Even if she regains her consciousness, she can’t live properly. And Usato can’t stay in this country forever.”

	“…Yes. We don’t have much time.”

	That is why it is desirable to settle in a short period of time.

	Luckily, I caught the opponent’s tail. Even in the previous battle, the skeleton was talking about strange things, and Neah seems to have noticed something.

	“Neah, you said you knew what this curse was. Can you please tell me?”

	“That’s not a problem, but I’m not sure I know everything either.”

	“It doesn’t matter.”

	What I need now is that skeleton information.

	Any small detail is fine, I just want to know.

	“Listen here Usato, that’s a curse, but not really a curse as well. I wonder if it’s a curse at all? Then again, if you include the secondary effects, that might be true, but then the main problem is……”

	“…Hmm… I’m sorry, I don’t understand a single thing.”

	Please at least break it down so I can understand.

	I still don’t have enough understanding of curses and things like that.

	“I did say I know about it, but it’s not a hundred percent. One thing for sure is that those skeletons are the souls that lost their bodies.”

	“Souls that lost its body?”

	“Maybe if I say this, you’ll understand? They’re ghosts.”

	“…Eh? Sorry, what did you say just now?”

	“? Ghost. Ghost, an entity that has the intention of wandering in search of a physical body.”

	“……”

	This doesn’t change much even after knowing about it.

	In other words, are those guys just ghosts? I punched as much as I could, but now that I know they’re ghosts, I became less scared……

	Without realizing that I was smiling, Neah continued.

	“They cursed Usato, who they’ve mistaken you for the hero of the royal family, because there was some resentment.”

	“……I can tell based on their movements, but why in my case they said things like they’ll be free if I’m caught?”

	“There it is, that’s the important part.”

	Neah uses her wings pointing at me as if pointing a finger.

	What’s important? The skeleton’s words?

	“You said that the soul without a physical body can’t stay in this world, but that skeleton stays. That means that there is “something” that binds the skeleton’s soul to this world. “

	“What… so what you’re saying is if I smash that “something”, the skeletons that are eroding Eva can also be released?”

	“It’s a rough statement, but yeah. If you’re lucky, there’s a chance that the stolen beings and souls will come back.”

	Retrospectively, those skeletons had a collar fitted and tied to a chain.

	――Is that what it means to bind the skeletons?

	“What I don’t understand is what kind of method is used to bind the soul to this world.”

	“Isn’t it just magic? I mean, I can’t think of anything else…”

	“It’s funny precisely because it’s magic. Normally, it won’t last that long.”

	“You told me before that magic will disappear over time, or it will continue to function semi-permanently.”

	Indeed, before visiting Samaria——-that’s what she said when she was told about the dispel magic.

	“Yeah, but it takes fuel to power magic to work for that long. Magic of about years and years is needed.”

	“…Isn’t it just that? A demon that can use magic like you is involved in this curse?”

	“There is that possibility.”

	……Is it possible that monsters other than Neah are involved.

	It can be said that it is easier for me to have a clear enemy, but I have to think about the damage to my surroundings.

	While worried about adjusting to my strength, the story wasn’t over yet, and I knew it wasn’t over, and Neah, who turned to me, bent her wings and raised her index finger.

	“There is another possibility.”

	“One more?”

	“It is to create a mechanism that can supply magic from the outside without an operator. Basically, magic can be activated by anyone’s magic so as long as it has a framework, so even if you throw in appropriate magic from the outside, you can continue moving freely. Once you create a mechanism, it will never disappear and you can continue to use magic almost permanently.”

	“……So that’s it.”

	I had no idea.

	So if you create a system that will supply magic power that will be used as fuel, the magic will not disappear, but will that work without an operator?

	“…I don’t know if it’s the same demon such as I, or it’s a mechanism created by someone in the past. Such a sad being.”

	“…You mean Eva?”

	“Yeah, that soul.”

	The skeleton?

	She had a suspicious voice in her words, but Neah sadly looked out the window and muttered like a soliloquy.

	“Because the soul who lost the body wants to be released. I want to be released, I want the body, I want to live again—–For example, hundreds of duplicate thoughts have become distorted thoughts and are attacking this cursed daughter.”

	“…Are they taking away Eva’s existence because they want a living body?”

	The fact that they are looking for a living body means that they were originally a human being. In retrospect, when I was fighting off the skeletons, they looked like they were scared of me, and when I thought about it, it was a reaction similar to a human.

	In addition, the words that echoed in my head when I was bitten―-Among them was the voice of a child.

	With the voice begging for help.

	“A hero.”

	I take out the sword of the previous hero from the waist and place it on my hand to look at it.

	“When I touched her hand, it trembled, like reacting to something.”

	“Isn’t it just a coincidence?”

	“It certainly was trembling, and after that, the skeletons overflowed from Eva and its surroundings, and the battle started. Maybe this is it. They probably called me a hero because of this sword, otherwise it won’t make sense.”

	I am not a hero.

	I can say that for sure. This is because two heroes have already been summoned besides me, and at the time of summoning, I haven’t heard the sound of the bell that can only be heard by the summoned person.

	“Sigh, it’s not only the Wicked Dragon but also ghosts are calling me a hero… Which I’m not.”

	“From my point of view, you’re as heroic as can be, with that strength and all.”

	Kiriha said something similar.

	The hero in this world has two meanings.

	A hero who was summoned from a different world, like Kazuki and Inugami senpai, and a man who was recognized for his bravery in this world and was given a title and became known as a hero.

	“Either way, I don’t want a hero title. If it causes so much trouble right now, I don’t know what annoyances will come in the future.”

	“Certainly… Usato is the type that gets caught by anything no matter what, and also the type who sticks his head in any trouble. It might be better not to be a hero.”

	“I didn’t want you to agree…”

	I relax my shoulders with the words of Neah.

	Well, I can’t argue with you this time because it’ll just bite me back.

	……Well, let’s get our thoughts back.

	After all, it was this sword that triggered the Eva curse. I personally grabbed her hand while holding it, so I can say it’s my fault.

	Thinking so, I was disappointed with my carelessness, but I got some benefits.

	I think of the contents of the notebook I left in my room.

	“You still remember the story of the Wicked Dragon who was in danger of destroying Samaria and the previous hero who defeated it, right?”

	“The contents of that notebook”

	“Yeah… this story definitely happened, and I think this event is strongly tied to Eva’s curse.”

	“…I want to deny it, but yeah, if you think about it that way, it doesn’t have to be irrelevant… Ah, why don’t you forget about that Wicked dragon, why must you bring it up.”

	“I don’t even want to remember it as well.”

	I had a lot of pain and had a hard time.

	Neah was also dying from it.

	However, this is not the time to turn a blind eye. I heard the voice of the Wicked dragon that Neah revived—–no one in my memory was as loud, envious, and overpowered as the Wicked dragon.

	“Fegnis-san also said that Samaria suffered a great disaster in ancient times. There is no mistake. Certainly the dragon and the previous hero are associated with Eva’s curse.”

	“Fegnis? Who’s that?”

	Oh, didn’t you know Neah?

	I explained Fegnis-san to her tilted head. Neah had a disgusting look, perhaps because she recalled that he took me to the palace.

	He’s not a bad person, so when I told her that she explained about Samaria and the tower, and gave me back the sword, she began to growl further.

	“…Usato, don’t let that thing get close to me.”

	“I know”

	“After that, be more alert. Be more doubtful of others.”

	“You’re speaking more and more like Amako.”

	“Tower of Samaria. I see, it was made in hope of recovery after the Wicked dragon was defeated… Being a king with a lot of responsibilities…”

	Neah who decided to ignore my retorts and thought about something.

	I think she’s getting too rude, but I was deceived by the owl in front of me, and as a result, I was forced to fight against the armed man who was manipulated, Ark-san.

	Remembering that, slowly droop my shoulders.

	……Hmm?

	「―――― Neah, someone’s coming, keep quiet.」

	“Okei~”

	Neah was muttering something, but when she heard the footsteps rushing up, she shouted, “Hoot” and jumped around on my shoulder and played an owl as a familiar demon.

	Immediately after that, people from the palace, doctors and magicians like Welsey enter the room through the door. Probably they’re called to see Eva’s condition.

	I went out so that I would not get in the way, I put my back on the wall next to the door and relaxed my shoulder.

	Then, from the stairs leading to the lower floor, Eiri-san slowly walked up to us.

	“…Usato”

	“Yes?”

	“Lucas-sama wishes to see you.”

	“……I understand”

	Well, guess I’m being called.

	Even if he didn’t call me, I would have visited from here.

	According to Eiri-san, Lucas-sama seems to be inside the barrier and is waiting outside. Does she not want to see Eva’s condition?

	“I think Lucas-sama is also shocked.”

	—–He continued.

	Shock, huh. That’s usually the case when your important daughter is unconscious.

	The current question was a little too redundant.

	“Were you the one who gave the Princess the patterns?”

	“…!”

	I couldn’t hide the agitation from the sudden question.

	I gaze at Eiri-san walking in front of me and suddenly stopping his track, but when Neah on my shoulder taps on my cheek, I return to myself and start walking again.

	Right, Eiri-san was watching the magic works from Eva. It’s not strange if he notices it.

	……What to do now.

	I can’t stop now, should I explain the situation here?

	“Don’t worry. I don’t blame you for it. I understand somehow. That pattern is now protecting the life of the princess…”

	“…”

	“In the first place, it’s completely different from the curse I know. After seeing the princess’s hair regaining her original color, I can tell that the pattern keeps the curse away from her.”

	Eiri-san, who knows her mother who was suffering from the same curse like Eva, may be aware of the magic of Neah that seems to be a different condition than before.

	To be honest, I’m glad he didn’t think I was harming Eva. Worst case, she wouldn’t be moving and I couldn’t help her.

	“The curse that erodes the princess’s body is a horrifying curse that robs her of color, her presence, and at the end everything disappears. When she is attacked by such a curse, she suddenly returns to her original form. Nothing has ever happened like that before.”

	“Does her original appearance mean her childhood hair?”

	“Yeah, she had beautiful hair from Eliza-san, and she looked as if she was alive, and she looked great with a smile.”

	Eiri-san said as he was immersed in memories.

	However, his foot stopped in front of the door leading to the outside.

	“Eiri-san?”

	“…I really didn’t think I’d ever see the same princess as when she was a kid. Like Eliza-san, she couldn’t say goodbye to anyone and disappeared.”

	She disappears without anyone knowing it—–I think it’s very painful.

	For both that person and those around her… ‥.

	“I can do nothing as a butler. I am a weak man who has never taken magic or a sword in his thirty years. Still, as a butler, the princess can live without any inconvenience. But now I have nothing to do for the princess… I regret it…”

	“…Eiri-san is not a weak person.”

	I denied his words that shook his voice.

	In the past few days, I know a lot about Eiri-san.

	A person who is good at cooking and can do any housework, and who cares very much about Eva.

	He couldn’t be dismissed as a weak person as someone who kept watching her growth for a long time.

	“Even if you don’t fight, it’s a fact that you’ve been supporting Eva to this day. So, please pray for Eva’s safety.”

	“Usato…”

	“And then, as a meat-headed person, I’ll break her curse.”

	“Eh… break? But, how…?”

	I went in front of and crossed next to him.

	All we have to do now is move forward.

	However, the owl on my shoulder patted me with her wings, so when I turned sideways, there was a fluffy beaked Nea pointing at me with her wings.

	“Hoot!”

	“Ah, sorry, I’m not the only one.”

	While laughing at this confident girl, I placed my hand on the doorknob and turned around to the back.

	“Her curse, we’ll do something about it.”

	I said so, and opened the door leading to the outside with Eiri-san who had a surprised expression.

	Outside is a pitch-dark garden, and a view of the place that was lit by the turmoil.

	I didn’t hesitate to proceed and move to Eva’s mother―–in front of the grave of Lucas’s wife, Eliza’s wife.

	“…So you came?”

	He was sitting cross-legged in front of the grave as before.

	I turned to him without turning around, approached without hesitation and opened my mouth without hesitation.

	“Lucas-sama, I have something to say.”





Chapter 90

	It is the fifth day Usato went to the palace.

	Then, the day after Neah went to see Usato.

	Arc-san and I were spending time in the room of the inn and avoided going out as much as possible, but I was worried about Usato, who isn’t coming back anytime soon.

	“Is Usato okay…”

	“I think he can handle most things on his own, but it might be worth worrying if something would happen if he doesn’t come back in five days.”

	We usually spend time in separate rooms, but when we talk like this, we’re sitting at the end of a large dining room on the first floor.

	Neah is with Usato right now, but we told the people working here that she’s sick and resting in the room, so there’s no problem.

	However—,

	“I’m worried about Usato, but this situation is also strange. It seems that there are no customers other than us, but maybe the people here are aware of my identity. However, no one tries to drive us out, even the knights wouldn’t say anything.”

	“Aside from Neah, knowing the true identity of Amako-san and still not doing anything… it would mean that the King of Samaria had known us in advance.”

	Ask-san placed his hand on his chin and thoughtfully suppressed his voice so that others could not hear it from the surroundings.

	In addition, Arc-san said the purpose of the King of Samaria might be Usato.

	“But that probably isn’t known about our actions up to the Kingdom of Lingle and Lukvis —— that we made a friend along the way.”

	“…I’m afraid that she played an unexpected part.”

	I must admit the fact that that vampire, who is noisy, prideful, and is always trying to get close to Usato, is useful.

	Just thinking of that stupid cheeky vampire grinning makes me irritated that I had to calm myself by massaging my temple.

	“Anyway, we have to wait for Neah to come back…”

	“Yes, that’s right. There is also the idea of them boarding the palace and it means that Usato is trapped. It’s a last resort…”

	“Can they catch Usato?”

	“…Ha- ha ha ha, even Usato is human.”

	What are you up to now?

	However, Usato is not a person who can be caught by ordinary means.

	He’s fast, strong, and very difficult to give up.

	Even when the Wicked Dragon is the opponent, he has the courage to challenge it without hesitation.

	If there are any weaknesses…

	“I can’t pretend to look…”

	I, Nack, the victims of the Wicked dragon, and Neah cannot unsee what had happened.

	He may deny that he’s not a good person, but he can’t ignore when someone’s crying for help, or if someone’s suffering.

	I think that kind of thing always causes Usato trouble.

	“…Maybe he’s being tempted by the Samaria princess like Kazuki-sama. I’ve heard that she’s a pretty beautiful woman.”

	“…”

	“Ah, right, I’m kidding. I’m sorry.”

	Arc-san smiled cheerfully in an attempt to cheer me up, which made me sad.

	“Usato only attracts weird people, so royalty wouldn’t like him.”

	Kazuki, Welthy, Kiriha, and some others are normal and kind, but Suzune, Harufa, Neah, and maybe Rosa and the rescue squads are a little dangerous in various ways. So what Arc-san said is near impossible.

	“I hope he doesn’t cause a hassle…”

	“It’s not happening yet.”

	“!?”

	I raise my face to the voice of a third party and turn to that direction.

	There, Neah who headed to the palace in the form of an owl, waved here with a smile as the village girl in front of the entrance of the dining room.

	Neah who was going to Usato came back.

	When she approached the table where I and Arc-san were sitting, she seemed to be a little uncomfortable, and sat down on the chair pulled by Arc-san, and laid her upper body on top of the table.

	I call out to her.

	“So what happened?”

	“Hmm, what should I do? Should I say, but I’m tired.”

	……

	“Hmph.”

	“Ouch!?”

	Shaping my hand into a hand sword, I slammed my power seriously and struck it on the head of Neah.

	Holding her head down and rolling around the ground.

	“What are you doing?! I was just joking!!”

	“I don’t need that, so speak, now. If you play around next time, you better protect your stomach.”

	“Hiiii! Aren’t you being a little too serious?”

	I think it’s reasonable to say that she’s a hassle…



	“Alright, let’s all calm down. Neah must be tired as well, so why don’t we talk over lunch?”

	“Oh, yes. I’m hungry and tired, sooooooooooo tired. So withdraw your hands…!”

	“…”

	I reluctantly nodded to Arc-san’s words, I sat down in my chair and put on my cloak again.

	It can’t be helped. She certainly looks tired, so let’s back down for now.

	When Arc-san asked the inn to order lunch, maybe they had prepared in advance, they immediately warmed lunch for three and brought it to the table.

	“So, if we’re speaking about what Usato’s been up to… Honestly speaking, he’s in a lot of trouble.”

	I nodded in response to Neah’s words, which she said while poking a salad with a fork.

	What are you getting caught up this time… Usato?

	“What happened?”

	“Do you know the Princess of Samaria?”

	“…To a certain extent. Isn’t the Princess the first daughter of King Samaria?”

	“Yes. Usato lived with her for four days until yesterday. At the courtesy of the king of Samaria.”

	What are you doing…!?

	This time I was hugging my head and thinking why is Usato in the palace. What happens when you live with a princess in a country? At least not the treatment given to a messenger.

	Neah briefly explained why Usato was invited to the palace.

	“I see, so he was being invited to stay in the palace?”

	“Yeah, yeah. I just refused to pull him out. Instead, I seem to have stayed at the palace for a few days.”

	It’s Usato. He must have consented for the reason that he cannot accept the courtesy of the other party just before receiving the story of the letter.

	“It doesn’t matter. The problem is that princess—-Eva Urd Samaria.”

	“Is there something wrong with her? No way, did the princess fall in love with Usato…?”

	“If that was the case, I would’ve called it cute.”

	Neah slowly shook her head in response to the half-laughing Arc-san.

	“She was under a curse. A troublesome curse that can be cured nor dispel.”

	“Curse… Is it like the magic of Neah?”

	“It’s more of a bad taste than magic. It’s about a curse created in a way that slowly erodes her body.”

	“…Is Usato trying to help her?”

	When I heard that, she dropped her shoulder and leaned on the table.

	In some way, I understood what kind of action he was taking.

	“I told him to abandon that idea, but he wanted to help with his childish terms, so I was going around the palace until now. He said he was attacked by that curse, but he doesn’t seem to be affected.”

	“Being attacked… by a curse? Does it mean that the curse is there?”

	“Hmm, it’s complicated. Well, I have to explain this. If you don’t know it, you can’t help him too.”

	Can we even help?

	Does the return of Neah have any purpose other than explaining the situation of Usato?

	“From now on, I’ll teach you the true nature of the curse that erodes Eva Urd Samaria. Then I’ll help her with my perfect plan to completely destroy the curse.”

	“Lucas-sama, let me tell you straight. I’m thinking of breaking the curse of Eva. So please tell me what the curse is.”

	“H- What!?”

	I should be the one who thought it was too straightforward!

	I was amazed by Usato’s voice when he visited to find out the true identity of Eva Urd Samaria’s curse from Lucas.

	Lucas, a man who seems to be the king of Samarial in front of him, turned his back to the sudden words of Usato and opened his mouth openly.

	“Usato, what are you suddenly saying!? I was so surprised that I forgot why I called you here!?”

	“I’m not kidding”

	When Usato says with a quiet voice, Lucas turns from a surprised expression to a serious expression. Sitting in front of the grave, he slowly stood up and met his eyes.

	“What do you mean? Breaking the curse and helping Eva?”

	“I will help her.”

	“It’s not a problem that can be solved by force. You probably know best as you have faced the curse, right?”

	“Yeah, I know the curse is certainly not one that can be managed by manual labor. That’s why I have this.”

	Usato who looked at me raised his fist.

	After reading his intention, I cast magic on Usato’s hand. Lucas’s eyes were rounded by the purple pattern in his hand.

	“Is that… magic?”

	“Did you know… I’m using my familiar, but with her, even a curse can be broken.”

	It’s a little strange to say that he can break the curse in front of me.

	I wonder if I’m being trusted by Usato?

	I do feel a little proud of that, Lucas in front of me was stunned and slowly sat down on the ground and laughed a little.

	“Hah ha ha. My country’s information network is still… I never dreamed that you could handle magic. Eva now lives thanks to your familiar. Is that something?”

	“Yes, but it’s only temporary. The only way to break the root cause is to break the curse itself.”

	“So why not ask me what the curse is?”

	When Usato nodded at the word, Lucas covered his forehead with his hand.

	“Honestly, I didn’t think it would help. That child would disappear just in front of me just like she would. I was prepared, but…”

	He cut his words there and continued to shake his voice for a few words.

	“But it’s no good. I can’t give up, and I can’t say goodbye forever, but the figure of Eliza flickers in my mind. But if that child disappears, I’ll be left with no heritage. I don’t want that—- because I hate the country called Samaria that she and that child loved…”

	I may understand this man’s feelings a little.

	Human life is short. For me, who lived in that village for a long time, death suddenly comes one day.

	There are various reasons such as being old, sick, and being killed by monsters, but there are other reasons for it, but the worst feeling is when a human living close to us dies.

	……I never say something like this in front of Usato.

	Usato was silently listening to his monologue. To him, Lucas is a weak figure

	He completely changed his eyes and turned into powerful eyes as he opened his mouth.

	“Usato, what I’m going to tell you is the shame of Samaria’s royal family. I was obsessed with greed, and I focused only on my immediate interests, and at the end I bound not only myself but my descendants with the curse of death. ――― It’s a story of such a fool, but I don’t know if this story will be useful or not.

	“Yes, it’s necessary.”

	Yes, Lucas murmured that he was finally ready to talk, and crossed his legs to face Usato.

	“Do you know that Samaria had suffered a great disaster hundreds of years ago?”

	“You mean the battle between the Wicked dragon and the hero?”

	“…I’m not surprised anymore. I thought you wouldn’t mind knowing that much. Alright.”

	Lucas continued speaking to Usato, who already knew about the Wicked dragon and the hero, and chuckled a little.

	“The battle between the hero and the Wicked dragon has come to an end in the form of a victory for the hero—this is the history known to some extent to the people of the palace. However, it would end here if it was an ordinary hero. The problem is beyond that.”

	“Beyond…”

	“After the battle, there are ruins and people and knights who cannot move properly due to injury and poison. Aside from the building, the wounded person is injured but would be able to move even if it is not perfect if treated immediately. Everything was fine.”

	Despite that, there should have been many deaths.

	If the hero had not appeared, the country of Samaria may not have been in this place right now.

	“But at that time, the king could see neither the destroyed city nor the people suffering from the injury.”

	“…If so, what did the king see?”

	The king of one country did not look at the injured people even in its rough condition. That would be a true misdeed as a king. If you are in a normal mental state, you will never do such folly.

	If so, there must be a reason.

	Yes, for example–

	“It’s the hero. The king was fascinated by the power of the superhuman who exerted the overwhelming power towards the Wicked dragon.”

	—The power to attract other people.

	Power beyond humanity — The figure of the hero who defeated a substandard monster called a dragon in perfect recovery must have looked more divine and more attractive than anything else.

	“If you have the power, you will not lose, if you have the power, you will not be overrun, if you have the power, you will not be afraid. The reasoning of a child made the King want the power of a hero. If the heroes cannot be kept in the country in the usual way, and if neither persuasion nor detention is possible, the king has considered another way.”

	“Magic?”

	“Yeah, it’s magic. It’s a technology that is lost now, but at that time there were magicians everywhere. Though there was only one in Samaria. He wanted to use that magician to make the hero a “magic to bind to the kingdom.”

	“Hoot…”

	A foolish idea.

	Originally, magic is not in the area where humans can easily reach out. Even if it can be handled, an attempt to change the way magic is done is rather dangerous.

	To prevent that, I have insurance called dispel magic.

	……Hmm? Is he even listening?

	“Hoot, hoot?”

	“What the hell are you talking about right now Neah, keep quiet?”

	What the hell are you saying! I have been calling for you since Lucas was talking!

	Despite tapping his shoulder with my wings, he snarled at me with a small voice.

	Lucas continued speaking without noticing our interaction.

	“But there’s no way you can bind a monster like a hero with ordinary magic. The strongest being who defeated the Wicked dragon can’t stand the magic of a single magician.”

	“Well, you’re talking about someone who killed the Wicked dragon.”

	I myself know the fear of the Wicked dragon.

	Even after many years, it had such strength even if it had deteriorated as a corpse. In a fully recovered state, it is not surprising that it has the power to easily overrun a country.

	“Usually, someone would have given up there. They would have generally understood that it would be impossible to capture a hero even if they were fascinated by the hero’s power. It should have been, but the king was literally not ordinary.”

	“What did the previous king do?”

	“If you don’t have enough power, you can increase it. If you don’t have enough, you can increase it. To bind an overwhelming individual such as a hero, he prepared a reasonable price——and for that reason, the king was too stupid. And he did the most ugly thing.”

	“What you shouldn’t do… Consideration… No way!”

	In order to control a great power, a power corresponding to it is necessary.

	If the power of a hero cannot be suppressed by the power of only one magician—–naturally, the means are limited.

	“Sacrifice.”

	I knew it…

	Human life has more energy than magic power. It would be a tremendous force if they could gather dozens or hundreds of them.

	I was thinking calmly, but Usato seemed not to be so, and he was so angry that his shoulder shook with his fist.

	“They used a large number of 500 injured people who were affected by the Wicked dragon as a substitute for strengthening magic. Regardless of gender regardless of age or sex, they became sacrifices…”

	“That’s stupid…!”

	“I think so too. But, because of the demand for power, the king made a mistake in prioritizing what he should protect. While the country is made up of the people, the king puts priority only on the prosperity of the country. He has sacrificed the people he should’ve protected.”

	“Huh… so, did he get the hero?”

	“No, it seems he wasn’t caught.”

	“Are you serious?”

	“A meaningless death, isn’t it? The words are appropriate. The king’s plan to capture the hero was brilliantly broken, leaving only hundreds of corpses and magic that continues to act without purpose. And that magic turned into a curse that undermines the royal family.”

	The true nature of the curse that eroded that girl.

	Probably, those skeletons are the souls of Samaria’s people who were sacrificed to capture the hero, and the chaining of them was the magic that binds the soul to Samarial’s magician.

	“What happened to the magician who made the curse?”

	“He was executed. Because the magic has failed, he is the person who made the tower of Samaria for the purpose of reconstruction. The king who executed the magician seems to have disappeared due to the curse.”

	It’s not the same story I heard from Usato.

	I heard that the tower was made by the king of Samaria, but he says it was made by a magician. This may be a mistake from Usato, but the difference is huge.

	If it is made by the king, there’s still in doubt, but if it is made by a magician, it has some meaning.

	“…Neah, did you understand something?”

	Usato hid his voice and asked.

	Looking at him, I nodded and hoot.

	I understand the true nature of the curse.

	I thought it was the same curse that robbed her of her body and soul, but that was a mistake.

	It was the Samaria people who were sacrificed who were robbing the body, and they were robbing the soul――――No, to be exact, it was a magical curse that was tied to a place called Samaria.

	If the magic of my restraint is the magic that binds the body, the magic that Samaria’s magicians have learned hundreds of years ago is the magic that binds the soul. I remembered a bad technique.

	“That’s all I know about the curse.”

	“Thank you for teaching me”

	“I am the one who should thank you. You showed me hope that I had given up… If there is anything else I can do, please say anything and I will help you as much as I can.”

	Lucas once again thanked Usato, bowed deeply and left the scene.

	“For the time being,should we find where the true curse resides?”

	“I’ll do that. It’s easier for one person to move, and above all, Usato needs to be in perfect condition first.”

	“……Alright. I’m depending on you, okay.”

	Nodding to Usato with confidence and letting him think.

	Now that you know the true nature of the curse, I don’t need Usato’s hand to do the next.

	First, as Usato said, let’s start by searching for the body of the curse.

	“So that’s why.”

	“The curse of the Samaria people? It’s a lot more troublesome.”

	I knew exactly what the curse Usato and Neah were trying to do.

	However, I had one question when I heard about Neah.

	“Why are you here? Shouldn’t you be looking for the true body of the curse by now?”

	“There’s something even more important than finding the curse. Listen here, I’m an expert on curses? I came here for another reason.”

	“…What’s that?”

	While a little irritated by Neah that shrugs shoulder so as to be amazed, I asked her calmly.

	Neah put a fork on the question and made a good expression, and pointed out the window.

	“It’s that.”

	“……that?”

	Looking toward her, you can see a tower towering in the center of the country.

	The tower of Samaria that rings the bell that I have heard many times since I came to this country. A subject seen by the people of Samaria as a form of prayer.

	“How could the curse continue to work for hundreds of years? The answer is so close and simple. Well, Usato has to break the curse of the palace before we can leave, so I decided to do this work with you.”

	“…What are you trying to do, Neah?”

	Arc-san’s words gave Neah a grin and a bad smile ―――,

	“Tonight we are going to break the symbol of Samaria’s hope.”

	She said something ridiculous.





Chapter 91

	During the day, a few hours passed after Neah went to Amako.

	The sun has already set, and the light of the torches shines in the palace seen from the window of the house in the barrier.

	Eva who was still asleep was lying in the bed in front of me, and I was sitting in a chair next to the bed and watching whether the magic applied to her could be solved.

	“…I wonder if Neah is working on it……”

	I think she’ll do fine, but I’m also anxious because there is a point where she blunders at the point where it is important.

	“Well, I have to trust in such a time.”

	I’m working according to her plan.

	First, I need to take a rest as Neah first instructed.

	Next, watch if the magic of resistance applied to Eva disappears due to some accident.

	Then, if the magical light of that resistance fades, carry her out of the barrier and wait for Neah to come back.

	Neah who gave these three instructions showed me her uneasy thought “Even you can remember this much for your brain for muscles”, so I thanked her by flicking her head with my healing magic.

	“…It’s getting weaker.”

	The light of resistant magic that protects Eva sleeping on the bed is weaker than it was when I saw earlier.

	“It’s about time”

	Let’s carry her out as planned.

	However, since I have to destroy the curse, it is the butler, Eiri-san, who carries her instead.

	I thought that we should’ve asked Lucas-sama for help from other knights, but Neah refused, so I, Neah, and Eiri-san decided to destroy the curse.

	Eiri-san has already offered to cooperate, so I’ll call him later.

	「――――Usato-san, excuse me.」

	The door knocked.

	Hmm? Eiri-san?

	“I guess it’s about time. I was thinking of calling him too… So what happened? Eiri-san”

	Eiri-san who opened the door had a bitter look.

	I wondered why, but I found out after when Eiri-san opened the door and shifted to the side.

	“Hey, I have come.”

	“…What? Lucas-sama?”

	Lucas-sama appeared from behind Eiri-san.

	Eh? Why? I don’t remember telling him about the operation in order to proceed quietly as Neah told me…

	“Why are you here?!”

	“I asked Eiri to tell me. I wonder if I’m going to break the curse tonight.”

	When I see Eiri in a hurry, he also looks worried. As far as I can tell, it seems that he did not expect that Lucas-sama himself would come here.

	Eiri-san closed the door when he bowed to me apologizing.

	“Lu, Lucas-sama…”

	“I didn’t tell anyone, I’m a father before I was a king. There’s no way I could be away when saving the life of my precious daughter.”

	“But what would this country do if something happens to Lucas-sama?!”

	“No matter what happens to me, a good minister will managet for me. It’s the people who have supported me for decades. No matter what happens to me, I trust them.”

	“It’s not that simple!”

	I didn’t know what to say to Lucas-sama, who smiled cheerfully, and held my head down.

	This is not gonna end well…

	“But Usato, trying to wander through the palace without permission isn’t good you know? If we were skeptical, you might have been caught by a knight at worst?”

	“…I wish I could solve the situation without making any noise.”

	I wasn’t without the idea of getting caught. However, the curse is good at strong mental attacks, so you won’t know what happens if you gather people poorly.

	Especially if there’s a knight who might have a sword. There is a risk that they might no be able to endure the spirit’s mental attack and becomes confused, attacking each other.

	“…Lucas-sama, who will be your escort?”

	“Of course. I’m bringing Fegnis and the four knights out of the barrier.”

	“Is that so.”

	Fegnis-san as well? I wish it wasn’t exactly what Neah said.

	However, if they’re already here, there is no choice.

	“…Try to stay as far away to the main curse as possible. Only me and Neah will approach it, so let the knights protect Eva.”

	“Are you going to be alright?”

	“The curse makes a powerful mental attack. Probably only I can deal with it.”

	To be exact, it’s only Neah that deals with magic resistance.

	Right now I am granting magic to Eva, but it has the disadvantage that it can only be applied to one target, so when destroying the curse, I have to break the magic of Eva and put on the magic of resistance……

	“Let’s move with Eva for now”

	“…Is it okay to move Eva?”

	“If the magic disappears, the curse will come from anywhere anyway. So it’s safer to have it close to me, who will preferentially aim.”

	Once again, her presence will surely disappear if the curse is triggered using Eva as a medium.

	For the time being, I’m thinking about a method when only Eva is targeted by the curse instead of me, but I do not want to do it if possible.

	Praying intently to prevent this, I put on the coat that I hang on the chair and prepare for it.

	“—Father, Usato-san?”

	“!?”

	I heard a small voice.

	When I turned around with Lucas-sama at the same time, Eva thinly opened her eyes in the bed.

	“Eva, are you okay?”

	“Um… I’m fine. What on earth happened?”

	She looked up at Lucas-sama’s face as she approached and slowly raised her body.

	Doesn’t she remember? Is her memory cloudy?

	“And, why is father here? Isn’t he busy with work?”

	“…Hahaha, I’ve already finished my work.”

	“Oh, is that so? Then today we can be together.”

	Eva said with a smile.

	However, when she picked up the hair that shook in her own sight, she gave a surprised voice.

	“My hair is deep blue!?”

	Speaking of which, she didn’t know that her hair had changed color.

	I can’t just upset her by talking about the curse, so let’s assume I changed the color according to the magic I used.

	Listening to the story, she leaned her head around and groped her blue hair, and suddenly looked up at something.

	“–Ah, if father is here, we must prepare for hospitality right now!”

	She lifted up after removing the futon and slowly put her feet on the floor.

	“……Eh,”

	“Eva, don’t overdo it… Eva?”

	I noticed that her movement stopped unnaturally from the bed, I looked at her while she was holding herself a little.

	Her line of sight is pointed downwards, and if I look beyond her line of sight—,

	“There is no shadow…?”

	“!!”

	It has already started……!?

	The shadow created by the moonlight formed the dress she was wearing——only half her body remains.

	Eva who looked up at me with a dress that seemed to float unnaturally began to quiver while hugging her body.

	“Usa…… to-san… wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-, what have I done…”

	“What’s wrong, Eva? Are you okay?”

	“Don’t touch me! Don’t touch me!”

	Eva crawled away from Lucas-sama who tried to put her hand on her shoulder. When she moved to the window, she looked at me and whispered, “I’m sorry.”

	From this, it seems that she was conscious when she was being manipulated by the curse.

	……It’s a given that she would know after being hijacked by a stranger, and she would have heard the voice of the grudges of the Samaria people.

	“Usato, what should I do…”

	“Lucas-sama, leave it to me.”

	I didn’t know what to do, so I tried reassuring Lucas-sama who was upset and stepped forward.

	I’m not confident, but I have no choice but to calm her down.

	“Usato-san, you can’t get close to me. There’s a curse…”

	She approached her bed and held her head in her hands.

	I think that the curse was triggered because I touched her at that time.

	Despite that, it’s because of a bad curse, but she seems to think that if someone touches her, that person will be affected.

	She looked up when she knew I wouldn’t come any further.

	“I… I don’t want you to disappear. I don’t think you should just disappear like that… so please, believe me.”

	“…Okay, I’ll believe in you.”

	Did those skeletons say that she would be together with me if she erased me?

	I know I’m desperate to free her from the curse, but I can’t forgive them.

	I restrained my resentment and spoke calmly to her.

	“You were only taken over by the curse at that time.”

	“…”

	“Now I’m using magic to keep you away from the curse, so you don’t have to worry about being manipulated. So you can rest assured.”

	I hold out my right palm in front of Eva, who is hiding her hand.

	Looking at my hands and eyes, she stretches out her hands, trembling slowly.

	While holding my hand in a confusing manner, she could put her cool hand on my palm.

	“Ah……”

	It was because I touched her hand when the curse was activated, but nothing happens when I touch her now that the curse is driven away by the magic of resistance.

	………… It’s only a matter of time now.

	“See, no problems right?”

	“……Yes”

	Despite a slight relief, she held my hand.

	It was good, it seemed to calm her, but this is really embarrassing. Now that I’ve done such a shameless action, I too have to calm myself down.

	“Usato”

	“…Yes?

	While I was so embarrassed that I was in agony, I noticed that Lucas-sama, who was next to me, looked down at me.

	I changed my line of sight from Lucas-sama to Eva and my face turned pale.

	“Um, this is that.”

	Although it was necessary, this level of insanity to hold the hand of a princess in one country.

	He was joking about asking me to marry his daughter, but in such a situation it wouldn’t be strange to say “why are you touching my daughter so affectionately?”

	“So you really want my daughter?”

	“Eh?”

	“So you are going to bring that up!?”

	So that’s what it is?!

	Eva who looked up at me with surprise, and Lucas-sama who smiled at me as if I was cornered, continued.

	“No, I can understand your true feelings at times like this. I was also impressed by your courage. I’ll leave my daughter to you then, Usato.”

	“Please keep your jokes to some level…”

	To be impressed by me… I think it was a mess.

	I couldn’t find any of this stubborn father’s elements. ‥

	“Well, let’s do that after saving my daughter.”

	“…Eh? So it’s not a joke?”

	Something ridiculous is waiting for me after saving Eva.

	“That father… what is it that we’re saving…?”

	“Usato is going to break your curse from now on.”

	“Usato-san…”

	“Anyway, let’s move on to explaining the details.”

	Lusas-sama, who crouched in front of Eva who had a stunned expression, put his hands on her back and knees and lifted her up.

	When asked if I should hold her halfway, Lucas—,

	“Leave this role to me…… Maybe… Never mind, let’s get going.”

	“…Okay, then follow me.”

	I understood what Lucas-sama wanted to say.

	Failure to destroy the curse means that I will be bound to this palace with my soul and she will disappear.

	“I won’t let that happen till the very end.”

	I have no intention of failing.

	I will break the curse of Samaria with all my might — I was more careful and came out of the door.





Chapter 92

	Lucas-sama who was carrying Eva asked Eiri-san to take care of the house as we joined Fegnis-san, who was waiting outside the barrier, and the four knights.

	“Usato, where should I go now?”

	“The curse is near the throne. So let’s move closer. Fegnis-san, can I ask you to lead the way? Actually… my memories of getting to the throne are still a little foggy…”

	“……I understand”

	After asking Fegnis-san who came up to me and Lucas-sama, he gave instructions to the knights behind him, and started to walk towards the palace.

	From the garden where the barrier exists, we enter the palace and walk along the passage illuminated by the lights of magical items.

	“Usato, it’s hard to ask now but… What does a curse look like? I heard from Eiri, but it’s too abstract to understand.”

	“How do I phrase it……”

	Lucas-sama asked, which reminded me of last night after looking at Eva from the side.

	The appearance of those skeletons… In short, the skeleton with only an upper body, with a collar fitted around its neck and a chain extending from it.

	“A merciful soul connected by a chain…?”

	“A chain, or is it a curse cast by the magician?”

	“Maybe so. They want the living flesh of Eva’s… the royal family of Samaria. Their selfish reasons and grudges for being self-deprived are so strong and at the same time they have been kept in these soils for hundreds of years. I too also want to free Eva from the curse that binds her to this land. It can be said that Eva is in this state now because the two wishes have become muddy.”

	When I said it, Eva had a sad expression.

	“That’s rather sad, isn’t it?”

	“……Yeah”

	I said the same thing to Neah, but in the case of this child, the poor people are at risk of life, so the meaning does differ.

	Despite that, it is probably the kindness of this child that makes me merciful.

	“One more last thing. This is what I found out when I was fighting them, they wanted a hero. If they could catch a hero, then they would free her soul and themselves.”

	“Is it really the case?”

	“I don’t know, but because of that, I’m mistaken as a hero, and I’m more likely to be tied up by them, which has a high possibility of making Eva disappear as well.”

	“…”

	Lucas distorted his expression as he didn’t want to imagine while holding onto Eva.

	“Hmm, wait a minute, you’re not a hero even with those extraordinary powers. Why did the curse react?”

	“That is……”

	Is it okay to say when “he’s” there.

	Neah told me not to make things worse until she goes there to destroy the curse… wait no, this is the other way around. I have to say it here.

	I decided to show Lucas the small sword attached to my belt.

	“The reason is this.”

	“Usato, why do you have this?”

	“…”

	Lucas-sama has an amazed look.

	After seeing his reaction, I call out to Fegnis-san’s back who is walking in front.

	“Fegnis-san, you said before right? That this sword doesn’t look like it’s from this world.”

	“…Yes, I did.”

	“Hahaha, oi oi Fegnis. Did you seriously give it back to him? No matter how much of an important guest Usato is, he is not from this country. Moreover, it is unheard of to return weapons inside the palace?”

	Lucas-sama laughs and talks to Fegnis-san, but he still does not turn around.

	I turn to Lucas-sama again.

	“Lucas-sama, let me confirm once more. Did you authorize the sword to be given back?”

	“No, I don’t think so…?”

	“So, can this be returned without permission?”

	“Even though I trust you, you’re near Eva. So obviously I won’t give it back without permission.”

	In other words, it was Fegnis-san’s permission.

	……I should be vigilant. The knights around me can’t be trusted either.

	“Lucus-sama, please stop.”

	“What happened?”

	“…”

	I stopped Lucas-sama with my hands.

	Fegnis-sama who stopped just like us gazed at me.

	“Usato, aren’t we going to destroy the curse now? What on earth…”

	“The situation has changed. Please hold Eva firmly as it may be a disaster.”

	While being vigilant, I slowly move away from Fegnis-san and the knights.

	The knights seem to be upset, but it’s hard to tell if it’s from my actions or if it’s from another.

	“Don’t approach us either. If you do, I’ll hit you with no questions.”

	I threaten only with words.

	The knights still have no hostility. Only Fegnis-san, who is still turning his back, is doubting my actions.

	“Usato-san, are you all right…?”

	Eva behind is talking to me anxiously.

	I reply as gently as possible without looking back.

	“Yeah, don’t worry. Lucas-sama and you will be protected no matter what happens.”

	In fact, if it’s a misunderstanding of Neah, then everything’s fine.

	However, if Fegnis-san was doing what Neah was saying, I would never be able to leave this person behind.

	That’s why we can now determine whether he is an ally or an enemy.

	“The suspicions I have now may just be a mistake. I hope it is… But I’m doubtful of you from Lucas-sama’s earlier statement.”

	Why did you return the sword without permission?

	It was abnormal when I thought about it. No matter how much I could be recognized as a reliable person, it wouldn’t be normal to hand swords in the palace.

	Especially if I was near the princess Eva.

	“Why did you return this sword to me?”

	“…”

	“Maybe you knew that the curse was related to the wicked dragon and the hero.

	“…”

	“…Knowing that, and assuming you’ve returned it to me… are you okay for Eva to be in danger?”

	“…”

	He was silent in all of my questions.

	Lucas-sama and Eva, who have been lowered behind, seem to have finally grasped the situation, and are breathing while muttering what they’re listening to.

	“Did you give it to me on your own, or was it really out of kindness? I have to make it clear here now—–I can’t trust you.”

	I closed my eyes and said so.

	Then Fegnis-san held his eyes with his hands.

	“May I ask you one question before that?”

	“……What is it?”

	“Is it “real”?”

	“…”

	This confirms it. Those are not words to prove one’s innocence, but wanting to know the true nature of this sword and thus have the reason and value to ask it.

	I thrust the sword in my hand forward and open my mouth.

	“This is a sword used by a genuine hero.”

	“…!…… Ku, kukuku.”

	Fegnis-san’s shoulder with his back trembled greatly.

	“Ku, Hahahahaha! I see, I see now! So, I was not wrong after all!”

	Unlike the calm and polite appearance that I was used to, I was shaken to see him laughing with a joyful voice.

	“At first, it was only a speculation. But the sword is the genuine deal! I never thought that I could find it in this way for hundreds of years without knowing its whereabouts…!”

	“Usato… Am I dreaming?”

	Lucas-sama is shocked to see Fegnis-san who has changed suddenly.

	Even though I was only looking at it, it seemed that there was a solid relationship of trust between Lucas-sama and Fegnis-san. The scene in which Fegnis-san, who trusts, makes a laughter that lacks his calmness, must seem strange to Lucas.

	“No, Lucas-sama. This is not a dream.”

	Fegnis-san now has a negative side that even Lucas did not know.

	Now that his figure has been revealed——,

	“Fegnis deliberately directed me to activate curse… He is our enemy.”

	Grabbing my fist and gazing at him, he was still laughing.

	He shook with joy and did not seem to care about our upset.

	“It’s amazing…! The wishes of our family finally came true! It also means that a person who has the same hometown as the hero will be selected! And it’s in my generation! Such a stroke of luck!”

	“Your family…”

	He’s not the king who tried to bind the hero to the country…

	Then there is only one answer.

	“Are you a descendant of the magician who tried to use magic on the hero?”

	“Yes, that’s the correct answer. As expected, you are a man who should be a hero. You have such great eyes.”

	A magician who was executed after the activation of magic.

	In Lucas-sama’s story, he mentioned that only the king at the time had been fascinated by the heroes, but there was no ordinary reason for the magician to activate the magic with sacrifices.

	Another person was fascinated by the power of the hero.

	“Wait… no way… you…”

	“I didn’t fool anyone. I didn’t just learn magic because I was a descendant… if I had to say it, my father used to tell me how wonderful a hero was when I was a child.”

	Fegnis who said so surprised Lucas-sama back here.

	His face had wide open eyes and a smile with bare teeth, which was unimaginable from his usual calmness.

	“We, the clan, respect the heroes, and because of that, we want Samaria’s hope. For that hope, we kept the curse. And you have appeared.”

	Fegnis pointed at me. ‥

	“Usato, you are the one needed for this kingdom. You have the sword of a hero and you behave against the curse. You are a man with the rights of having the name of a hero.”

	“…I am not a hero.”

	“But you have the qualities. It’s certainly your sword that the curse responded to, but it was your power that overwhelmed the curse and pulled even that away from the princess.”

	Did you see the curse fight?

	I hope that he wasn’t aware of my conversations with Neah?

	“And the curse admittedly recognized you as a hero… If you were an ordinary person who would be easily trapped, I would have waited until the next hero appeared, but you have a fighting spirit. I showed you the way and you fought! To save the princess! What else can you say without calling it virtue!? I was convinced! That you are an absolutely necessary person for this kingdom!”



	I felt an unpleasant sweat listening to him as his voice gradually increased.

	A maniac. He seeks only his own purpose without considering the damage of others.

	So this is his true nature. Seriously, I can’t deny that Neah said I’m easily fooled. It would be nice if it was just a bad guy.

	However, this person does not think he is evil. That’s even worse.

	“Why… Why… Fegnis”

	Lucas-sama, who was upset, asked Fegnis, with his shaking voice.

	Listening to the words, Fegnis calms his screaming voice as he smiled and said.

	“O king. I have done nothing wrong. He is necessary for Samaria. I have decided that for this country that I should curse him.”

	“That’s not something for you to judge!”

	Lucas-sama screamed and shouted at Fegnis.

	He was shocked that Fegnis, who he trusted, betrayed him.

	I can’t blame him for not staying calm.

	“Did you know about the curse?”

	“Yes, because it is our family’s duty to protect the curse.”

	“…Wh-“

	Lucas-sama showed a little hesitation and then continued to ask questions.

	“Did you save Eliza? You knew the curse that even the royal family didn’t know… did you know how to get rid of that curse?”

	Fegnis did not dispute that word, but just made a sad expression.

	“I was deeply sad about Eliza.”

	……What is that?

	It’s as if the death of Eva’s mother was necessary.

	I wonder if Lucas thought the same way as I did, shaking his hands holding Eva and shaking his voice.

	“…Is that it? For someone being the closest to me…! You watched as her life disappeared! You knew everything and just saw it! Don’t fuck around with me Fegnis! Was Eliza death because of a fanatic who was blinded by a hero!!”

	“The curse is not evil. They just want to be released. If Usato is bound to this country, the trapped souls will be released. And they will forgive the Samaria royalty, and the curse will disappear. It all fits in a circle.”

	“I don’t care about that shit! What about my daughter?”

	“Unfortunately I can’t do it”

	The words of Eva holding Lucas-sama’s clothes quiver.

	……This person is absolutely incompatible with me.

	Now, with a slight smile in front of me, I have an urge to erase it from my eyes.

	“Tsk.”

	………… Don’t let my emotions run.

	I don’t need to fight.

	Firmly grasping the fist and desperately suppressing my emotions—,

	“Don’t be afraid to break the curse, King. The princess should be a necessary sacrifice for the future of Samaria.”

	“Huh?”

	――――However, those words made me unable to suppress my emotions.

	What did this person say just now?

	Did he just say that the sacrifices are necessary?

	More than anything, are you trying to abandon her with such convenient words?

	“If only you made me feel more pain, I’ll be much happier—“

	I silently hit the stone wall that was within reach.

	A big noise and a cracked window. With that alone, Fegnis closed his mouth and put his hand on the sword on his waist.

	“Why are you happy?”

	“…”

	I was surprised by how low my voice was that even Fegnis and the knights around him were shocked.

	I think because he’s the captain, they knew about it as well.

	He probably tried to persuade them to cooperate, but it’s good.

	Saying absurd shit like it’s a necessary sacrifice right?

	Guess I have hit this rotten piece of shit once to give him a lesson.

	“…”

	I’m sure that I’m expressing an angry look.

	I knew even when no one would point out.

	“Usato, wait”

	Snapping completely, I grabbed my fist and looked at Fegnis’s eyes without any questions, and when I tried to run, I was stopped by the voice from behind.

	Lucas-sama looked extremely calm.

	“Thank you for getting angry for Eva. But I have to answer this.”

	“…I’m sorry, I couldn’t stay calm.”

	“Haha, it’s good. To be honest, I was angry, but I was calm thanks to you who got more angry than me…… I am really glad that you’re on my side.”

	Lucas-sama’s words kept him cool, and I moved to the side so that he could see Fegnis-san’s figure firmly.

	Lucas-sama slowly walked one step ahead of me while holding Eva, and spoke in a strong tone.

	“Fegnis. I wasn’t king for the Samaria people, I was king for Eliza… I was king because she told me she loved this country. I did my best as a king, and now that she has disappeared… I couldn’t be a king.”

	Lucas-sama’s line of sight is turned to Eva in his arms.

	“But this kid was born. I knew that my destiny was awaiting me, but I was glad that she was born. So I think I’ll do my best again for this kid. Hope she can laugh like Eliza. Hope she can be happy in this country.”

	“Father……”

	“Now this is the reason why I’m still king. Not for Samaria.”

	Is that the reason why Lucas-sama became king?

	It may be a little rude to think that he looks like this person, but Lucas-sama’s figure from my point of view seemed to overlap with that of the King of Lingle, which he said was the ideal king…

	“Fegnis, you are now my enemy. It pains me to say this for you who have been my right arm for many years, but from today you are a rebel.”

	“Do you feel like changing your mind?”

	“Don’t let me say it again. Usato, let’s do it. I, the King, shall allow it. When we get rid of this disturbing guy, I’ll go and destroy the curse.”

	Lucas-sama had a disappointing look on his face, as he slowly went back.

	No, I have no intention of letting Lucas-sama fight, so it’s okay. ‥

	“Even though… breaking the curse is impossible. Even if Usato-sama has mastered magic, the magic here is special.”

	“I don’t know unless I try it.”

	When I say that with my arms crossed, Fegnis looks at me with the eyes of a merciful person.

	“Sure, you can do most of the things alone. You have the power and will to do it, but it doesn’t help anymore — you’re the only one.”

	Fegnis raised his hand up, and the knights around him silently pulled out their swords.

	After all, they were the knights who had followed Fegnis.

	Well, I knew somehow when I was listening to the story of Fegnis.

	“No matter how powerful you may be, there are limits to what you can do by yourself.”

	“Ha, ha ha ha…”

	Oh, I see. Does this person think I’m alone against the curse?

	No wonder he was acting all high and mighty since just now.

	After all, he has likely concluded that I could not destroy the curse, so from now on, he was convinced that I would focus on Lucas-sama and Eva and showed me a chance.

	“Ha ha ha ha…”

	“U, Usato-san?”

	“Usato, have you become too angry that you went crazy?”

	“No, I didn’t, but seriously, what a blunder he has made…”

	I waved my hands lightly to Lucas-sama and Eva who were confused and worried for me.

	Certainly, I can’t do anything alone. When I’m about to lose, I’ll need someone else’s help.

	The same goes for the curse this time.

	I was alone with the curse with Eva at that time.

	But not this time, because I have friends.

	“What’s wrong?”

	“What’s wrong you say? After your boring story is over, isn’t it time to exercise force? But what a big cult you have there, congrats on defending a vicious curse all this time. It’s all because of Samaria that you wanted to make your wish come true, isn’t this something you can’t laugh at?”

	“…!”

	What bullshit hero.

	What mission.

	What because of Samaria.

	For that reason, you are trying to sacrifice the most important thing.

	“Fegnis, you may have made three mistakes.”

	“What is it?”

	“First, there is no such thing as a necessary sacrifice.”

	The sacrifice that someone grieves is not called necessary.

	I am absolutely sorry for the peace that comes at the cost of sacrifice.

	“And second, I’m not a hero.”

	We have a real hero, why do I have to be a hero?

	The rescue squad suits me best.

	“…And the third?”

	When I tried to answer Fegnis words, a black owl jumped on my shoulder without any sound from the darkness behind.

	I smiled at the owl who groaned, and I saw Fegnis again and remarked proudly.

	“I’m not alone”

	At the moment, a red light different from the moonlight was illuminated from the side windows of me and Fegnis.

	In front of the eyes of Fegnis and the knights who opened their eyes astonishingly——a huge bell installed in the tower of Samaria is tinged with red heat.

	Looking at their frightened look, I showed a gruesome smile——

	“Now, I’ve destroyed your important “hope. Can you still show a generous face?”

	—-I said.





Chapter 93

	The big bell is burning in front of my eyes.

	My mouth opened wide open at the spectacle.

	“Uwa…”

	“Guah”

	Currently, me, Ark-san and Bluerin are at the top of the tower, where a big silver bell hangs.

	Watching the melting and burning of the silver bells on Bluerin’s back, I spoke to Ark-san, who was a little far away from the fire as he put the sword in his sheath.

	“…Is this all right? I broke the important tower bell…”

	“Hahaha, we’re probably in big trouble. So, what should we do?”

	I laughed because we’re in trouble, I dropped my shoulder and took off the cloak I was wearing.

	What we did tonight was the destruction of the bells set up in the Samaria tower. To be honest, I was suspicious at first because it was Neah’s suggestion, but I decided to cooperate because it was necessary for Usato to curse and destroy him.

	What we did was simple.

	First of all, we need strength, so we left the inn and brought Bluerin from the stable while using clairyovance so that nobody would notice.

	As I look ahead to the actions of the knights who had guarded the tower in advance, we destroy the bell.

	Finally, when everything is ready, Ark-san cuts the bell with intense magic of fire.



	Neah was convinced that the plan was successful when Ark-san sheathes his flaming sword.

	“I’ll leave this to you. I still have something to do with Usato.”

	I flew to the palace.

	“I’m about to leave this place…”

	We who have destroyed the bell must leave this place. That’s because the guards outside cannot notice the bell in the center of the kingdom that has been destroyed at night.

	When I tried to talk to Ark-san to get ready to escape, he looked at the bell, which was still red and hot, and looked down on him.

	“…Ark-san, you don’t really like using the flames for that sake…?”

	“Yeah. I don’t mean to be selfish, but my flame is too dangerous.”

	After Ark-san was being manipulated by Neah, he said that he didn’t really like to use the flame.

	“If it converges and is released, it will easily burn even the bones of living things — I was fortunate that when I was being manipulated by Neah-san, it was just a fire.”

	Indeed, it seems that the flames that he fired weren’t severe, unlike when he was being manipulated by Neah, which seemed to concentrate the flame onto the sword to the limit.

	……Rather, it’s clear at a glance how powerful it is at the time when you can easily cut off such a big bell.

	I also feel that Ark-san doesn’t want to use his flames due to his gentle personality.

	“However……”

	He stood up and lifted the sheath in which the sword was housed and lifted his mouth open with a gentle smile.

	“If my strength is needed to help others, I’ll be happy to do it.”

	“Well… don’t overdo it okay?”

	“Haha, please tell Usato that instead.”

	Replying to Ark-san’s words, I smiled as well.

	I’m sure… No, Usato is crazy.

	He always does whatever he likes, like when he fought with the Wickedl Dragon.

	“Gua…”

	“Yeah, I know. Usato is fine.”

	While stroking Bluerin’s head, I glanced at the palace not far from here.

	Usato is over there now.

	“All we can do is pray for Usato to come back safely.”

	I muttered to him trying to help someone in a remote place.

	“What did you do……!?”

	Fegnis who was stunned, pulled the sword and turned the point.

	“Can’t you tell just by looking at it? My friends broke the cornerstone of the Samaria tower.”

	“That’s not the case! We’re keeping an eye on your friends!”

	I shrugged my shoulder as if amazed by the words of Fegnis, who had lost his polite tone.

	“You keep watch of that? That’s a really funny joke. Isn’t your lookout team too simple?”

	Actually, I didn’t ask how Neah was going to break the bell, so I was confused.

	But I showed a fearless smile so that he wouldn’t realize it, and when I said those words, he had a bitter look.

	“That should be………!”

	“Hmm?”

	However, when he saw Neah on my shoulder with a quick look, he pulled out the sword on his waist.

	Then, with the sword in his opposite hand, he puts his hand on the sphere of the handle and points it here.

	“Sword! Uncover the falsehood of his person!”

	With the chant, the ball at the bottom of the handle emits a dazzling light.

	The owl, illuminated by the light, slowly turned away from my shoulder and turned into a black-haired, red-eyed vampire girl with a shattering sound.

	“Oh, it looks like the transformation has been deduced!”

	“”!?””

	Everyone on the spot opened their eyes and looked at the black-haired, red-eyed girl — which was Neah.

	……I see, so it can revert her transformation that quickly? I’m glad I didn’t meet Fegnis when I was working with her.

	“Ne, Ne- Ne- Ne- Neah-chan has become a human!?”

	“Fu, Fu fu fu! I’m not surprised anymore. Well, the owl has turned into a person… it’s not at all strange that a person turned into an owl.”

	I will explain later to the two parents and children who are confused behind me, so let’s concentrate on Fegnis for the time being.

	“Human… no demons!? And moreover, the appearance is a girl called Neah who was a friend of Usato!?”

	“You finally noticed. Are you guys seriously underestimating me? I wonder if you even knew a half beast, a magic knight, a girl, and a monster in our party.”

	Oh, is that so? Was there a monster in my group?

	Fegnis laughs at Neah who dismayed as if they were fake.

	Maybe he couldn’t stand it, Fegnis regretfully shakes his shoulders and shifts his gaze from Neah to me.

	“There shouldn’t be any demons that turn into humans! Usato-san, what did you bring to this palace!”

	“What? It’s just a familiar, as you can see? What else?

	“A monster with a high intelligence can’t possibly be a familiar! I’m not insane enough to not know that!?”

	Well, that’s exactly what Fegnis says.

	I was thinking that I should answer appropriately because it is troublesome, But Neah, listening to Fegnis’s words, put her arm in front and came out just before me.

	“You still don’t get it, do you? What on earth did you see in him, huh? Usato is beyond human.”

	That’s rude okay.

	How can you call me that when you were the one who made this contract without my consent.

	“Anyway, you’re just trying to make me fall into your trap by saying that Usato doesn’t categorize as common sense, right?”

	“…Huh”

	“The source of the curse is outside, so Usato can’t do it alone? Despite how strong he is, this brain-muscle healing magician is a child, so if he separates himself from his friends, he can only sprint.”

	No matter I’m a 17 year old kid, I’m not so stupid.

	“Well, that’s true, though.”

	“Oi”

	Why do you admit to it so easily?!

	“Oh, but it’s impossible for Usato to get caught in a vicious curse because I’m here. In other words, Usato can do nothing without me!?”

	“That’s too much.”

	“~~~~~ Ouch! And I think flicking my head is too much!?”

	Neah was holding her forehead with tearful eyes.

	For the time being, she should be alright since the flick was pretty tame and there’s healing magic, but… She loves talking big huh.

	Fegnis shakes his shoulders as Neah was groaning at me.

	“…The bell… do you know what the bell is for?! It’s the hope for this country!”

	“It’s not a hope. It’s just a device that collects magical power and sends it to the curse. I can’t believe you can be this delusional after so long.”

	“…Hhi”

	Fegnis, frightened by the words of Neah who said that while rubbing his forehead.

	“Wait a minute… what do you mean collecting magic power?”

	Lucas-sama, who was behind, asked Neah.

	Neah shrugged once more, then answered.

	“That’s right. That tower was the one responsible for supplying magic to the curse.”

	“To think that that tower that we kept believing… had afflicted the royal family… Eliza and Eva… But where does that magic power come from? It must’ve come from somewhere, right?”

	Neah nodded at his words and responded boringly.

	“Pray”

	“Prayer?”

	“If you pray to that, it will be sucked up by a little magical force and collected by the bell at the top of the tower. It is called the country of prayer because the people of Samaria pray for the future of the kingdom. But here’s the irony, as the people were supplying a curse that would undermine the royal family.”

	Absorbing a small amount of magical power from a prayer using magic tools or something, and supplying it to the curse.

	A large amount of magical power is required for the curse that binds the souls of hundreds of people to continue functioning. To make up for it, the tower was worshiped and the people of Samaria were prayed as a symbol of hope.

	As Neah says, it’s an ironic story.

	“How did you notice…?”

	Not expecting this to be exposed, Fegnis was startled.

	“Huh? Immediately when I heard your story from Usato, I realized that the bell had some hidden agenda when I first heard it.”

	――So when you came here, you looked at that tower and felt uncomfortable?

	In the end, Neah helped out the most.

	I will thank you after this matter is cleared up, but now let’s manage Fegnis in front of me.

	I calmed down and asked him in a slow tone.

	“The curse will eventually disappear when the source bell is destroyed, but then Eva’s stolen life and body are unlikely to return. To help Eva, we have no choice but to go directly to destroy the curse.”

	We can’t waste time and magic with unnecessary fights.

	When the tower was destroyed, there was a time limit before the curse disappeared.

	“-This is the final warning. If you still have a conscience, go through it.”

	“…”

	According to my words, Fegnis slowly raises his right hand silently without moving his expression at all.

	Along with the signal, the knights of his subordinates pull out their swords and turn their enmity toward them.

	“So you won’t budge?”

	Since you turn your swords toward us, let us take appropriate measures.

	“Sigh… Lucas-sama”

	“…I don’t care. He’s no longer a knight who serves the country. A traitor obsessed with delusions. Feel free to beat him up.”

	Getting the final verdict from Lucas-sama behind me, and I look at Neah next to me.

	She smiles in a good mood, and transforms back into an owl with a popping sound, jumps on my shoulder and activates magic.

	“Let’s do it. Neah.”

	“They sure are stupid, thinking that they could defeat me when I have a monster beside?”

	“Please stop treating me like that so naturally…”

	“Fufufu”

	After activating my healing magic, A green aura and a purple pattern covering it appear on both hands

	Since I took a day off, I was in good physical condition together with magic.

	These opponents who we will fight from now on are those who play a part in the cause that created the current situation. If those people interfere with us, there is no choice but to break through with force.

	“Pheww…… Hah-!”

	Whoever attacks first wins!

	I took a long, slow breath and punched one of the knights who wasn’t ready yet.

	The several knights didn’t expect that I would suddenly plunge into them.

	“Huh, what!?”

	“Too slow!”

	“Gooeh!?”

	I strike with my fist against the abdomen of the knight who is trying to hold his sword in a hurry.

	The knight restrained his abdomen and stripped off his white eyes, and was unable to move due to the effects of restraint magic, and fell down quivering and shaking.

	Restriction magic and healing punch，Healing restraint punch…… No, let’s name it healing restraint fist because of the bad vocabulary.

	“That’s one… down?”

	“” “…”””

	The remaining four knights stopped moving and looked at me as if they were frightened.

	What is that gaze like looking at a vicious monster?

	The fallen one did have serious injury, but he’s intact? Rather, he may be healthier than before because of healing magic.

	“Please be relieved. The punch I’m about to deal isn’t life threatening. So please be relieved and be beaten.”

	“The words and actions are completely like what a villain would say… I thought I had been tainted by evil for a long time, but this is one a whole new level.”

	Ignoring what Neah is saying, the knights once again hold their swords and hold their fists.

	“Don’t fight alone! Enclose and limit your movements!!”

	Fegnis holds his sword from behind gave instructions, and the four knights spread out to surround me.

	I’m not that easy to be surrounded by, so I jumped forward in a way that would benefit me.

	“No matter how good your physical ability is!”

	“With this number!”

	Two people who jumped to the left and right, and two people who came from the front to attract my attention.

	I suddenly approached the two people in front of me and grabbed one of the knight’s elbows and breastplate and shook them around with force. At the same time, the other knight, who was surprised next to him, hits the floor with a throw, but I’ve already activated my Healing and restraint magic before he suffered too much damage.

	“Gua…!?”

	“Uh, goo!?”

	“Healing throw, healing restraint throw… And that’s three people”

	“Uuuoooooooo!”

	“…!”

	This time, the two knights rushed to me by themselves.

	I calmly created a healing bullet and fired it at the knight coming from the left.

	“Pffft!”

	“Wow!? What is this blinding… huh!?”

