

I was attacked by a monster.

The black rabbit showed me where to find clean water, but on the way back to home base the rabbit started to tremble.

That’s when an enormous snake that looked like a tsuchinoko appeared out of the blue. Its body is so thick and large that I’d guess it’s a whopping seven meters long. Even so, it doesn’t act like a snake. It headed straight for me. I truly felt scared from the pit of my soul. Naturally, I fled the scene as fast as I could.

It was insanely persistent in its pursuit, but I somehow managed to flee.

I even took a longer route back to base to play it safe.

There’s something off about that snake. It’s a lot more ominous than the other monsters I’ve seen. Heck, it even scared the black rabbit, and the little guy’s never fazed when it sees a Grand Grizzly.

I don’t know for sure, but something downright terrifying may be afoot.





Day Seven





Nothing unusual happened with the bears, like always. Oh snap. I’ve already been in the forest for a week. I feel like I’m starting to forget why I’m here.





Day Eight





That damn snake attacked me again.

This time, we weren’t far from my base.

I’m pretty sure I’d originally found it deep in the forest. Did it move its den after it started chasing me? That would mean it’s definitely out for blood. I don’t want to be eaten.

I should take down the Grand Grizzly soon.

Something doesn’t feel right.





Day Nine





The rabbit looked scared in the morning, so we spent the day resting up in the tree. We’re on the last droplets of water we’d fetched, but more of it’s not worth risking my life. Either way, this rabbit seems to like me a little too much. I know I healed its wounds, but usually that wouldn’t make someone feel so . . . attached.

Honestly, I’d love to take it home with me. If the snake doesn’t come back tomorrow, then it’s time to hunt down that bear.





On the tenth day, I realized that I couldn’t take down the Grand Grizzly. It wasn’t that my desperate tactics had failed—in fact, I hadn’t put them into action at all. Before I had the chance to go through with my plan, I found the brutally ravaged, half-devoured remains of that very Grand Grizzly.

“Brutal.” It perfectly described the battered state of the corpse.

Lying there was the Grand Grizzly that Rose had told me to kill. Its arms and legs were broken and twisted in unnatural directions. In addition, there was a laceration on the corpse that suggested it was bitten by something enormous. The body of a Blue Grizzly was lying next to it in a similar state.

“Downright disturbing.”

Something really angered me when I saw the slain monsters. Whatever did this didn’t eat them—it just brutally slayed them and left. I wasn’t mad because my prey was taken from me, but for a different reason altogether.

“Rose is gonna kill me.”

I didn’t watch the bears die, but it was obvious that something had slaughtered them. There was only one monster in the area that could kill them without a fight, and it was none other than the snake who looked like a tsuchinoko. I had all the proof I needed. There were two bite marks on the Grand Grizzly’s neck that looked just like they came from a snake. Even though my target was dead, I couldn’t even prove that I’d killed it if I tried.

“Shit . . . shit, shit!”

If I pulled out one of the bear’s fangs and brought it to Rose, I could probably trick her into believing I’d killed it. But no one could pull one over on old crazy Rose. She would probably doubt me and learn the truth . . . and if that happened, I’d be suffering a fate worse than death.

I punched a nearby tree out of frustration. I couldn’t think straight. Just then, I heard the rabbit cry out. It was sending out a warning.

“Ack! It’s here?!”

That damn snake is coming.

I focused all my power into my legs and was ready to escape. Suddenly, a small blue shadow emerged from the brush.

“Grrr . . .” it cried.

I let down my guard. “You’re the Blue Grizzly cub, aren’t you?”

He was only about one meter tall.

Too upset to pay me any notice, the cub whimpered sadly as it approached the two corpses.

“Grrr . . .” it whimpered.

I didn’t know what to say.

I rarely helped people out of compassion, but I also didn’t look down on people out of vitriol. Rose could put me through hell and make me decently strong, but even so, that core part of my personality would never change.

No matter how hard I tried, I was still just a high schooler who hated losing.

I hated losing, so I didn’t like the idea of losing at the task Rose assigned me. I didn’t like that my prey had been stolen from me, and that my decision to employ my tactics had been for nothing. But what I hated most of all . . . was seeing that cub sadly whimper.

I knew it didn’t make any sense.

After all, I had set out to hunt the Grand Grizzly myself! Instead, it was killed by the snake, which was probably a direct result of my actions. Even so, I couldn’t just ignore the sad scene that was unfolding before me. I knew there was only one way to fix this.

“I’m going to take down the enemy. Wait here,” I said to the cub.

Only one thing would satisfy me: killing that snake. No more running away. This time I was going to fight. Filled with determination, I turned away from the cub and headed into the forest.





* * *





Far from Llinger Kingdom was a land that was enshrouded in dark, menacing clouds—a land that was entirely unsuitable for human occupation. In a certain place within the country, a tall, eerie castle pierced the gray sky.

“Hmph,” grumbled the lord of the castle.

The lord was an attractive man. He sat in his heavily embellished throne as a tall woman kneeled before him. However, the woman didn’t look like—and in fact, wasn’t—a typical human. She had dark brown skin and red hair that fell to her shoulders, but she also had two twisted goat horns that stuck out of her head. The man haughtily asked the red-haired woman a question.

“Well? How are the plans to invade Llinger Kingdom coming along?”

“Everything is proceeding smoothly. Our units are swiftly preparing for battle. We should be able to start the advance in the near future.” The woman sounded indifferent.

“I see. I’ll leave all the commanding to you. Humans these days are a force to be reckoned with. It seems that things have changed. Quite different from the days when those snobs trusted a champion to single-handedly win a war,” he remarked.

The lord looked into the distance, as if remembering something long gone, then quickly glanced back at the woman who was still on her knees.

“They may have won by a small margin, but they still drove us out of their land. I won’t tell you to fight to the death . . . but I do expect you to give it your all,” he urged.

“I will do my utmost to meet your request,” she answered.

“Wise decision. If that’s all, leave at once,” he ordered.

“Understood.”

The woman respectfully bowed her head and left the room. She then heaved a great sigh. It was almost as if she was releasing all the stress in her body.

“Ugh. Meeting with the Demon Lord is as pleasant as suffocation,” she griped.

“Oh my. Is that something the third army commander should say?” a voice quipped.

“That you, Hyriluk?” she asked.

A man with white ram horns spoke to the grumbling woman.

“Who cares if I complain? The Demon Lord is forgiving. That little cheeky remark wouldn’t bother him anyway. So. What’s up with you, Demon Doctor?” she queried.

“Quit calling me by that weird nickname, will ya?” he hissed.

“Ugh.” The woman started walking away as if she had lost interest in the conversation.

Hyriluk scratched his head nervously. “Ha ha ha . . . to answer your question, I finished the prototype for the first demon-made monster.”

“Ooh,” she said.

The man grew excited. “It’s got strong venom, a large body, sharp fangs, and on top of that, it’s got a beautiful—"

“What’s its name?” she interrupted.

“Baljinak, Demon-made Monster Prototype Seventy-Two! My greatest creation!” he exclaimed.

“What? Wasn’t that the name of prototype seventy-one?” the woman said.

The man fell to his knees and covered his eyes as if he were crying.

“Oh, Baljinak was such a good child. It was driven back the last time we advanced on Llinger Kingdom. After the enemy army commander repelled it, Baljinak was never active again. It was awful! As if my flesh and blood had passed away.”

“Army Commander Siglis. He really held his own,” the woman remarked.

The image of a knight that was enveloped in smoke floated to the forefront of her mind. He had mowed down his enemies with his unrefined swordsmanship.

“However, his troops weren’t our biggest threat,” she added.

“Oh. I was at the rear so I wouldn’t know. You aren’t talking about the ‘kidnappers,’ are you?” he asked.

“Yeah. They’re soldiers that won’t fight even though they stand on the battlefield. You have no idea how much hell they gave us when we set foot on their land.” The woman winced as she remembered her advance into Llinger Kingdom. The invasion tactic she employed had failed, and it had deeply wounded her pride.

“Well, in that case, why don’t you just target them first?” he asked.

“We can’t. They’re not your average soldiers. Not only are they tough, but they carry injured men off the field at abnormal speeds. Plus, their boss is . . .” she said, trailing off.

“Their boss?” he wondered.

“She’s a healer,” she stated.

“I see. So, her subordinates bring the injured somewhere safe so she can heal them?” he guessed.

“No, that’s her subordinates’ job. The boss flings herself into battle and heals her own wounds as she fights. What annoys me the most is that no matter how many times she gets hit, she heals her fatigue in an instant. It’s almost like she’s immortal. Your run-of-the-mill healer could never recover that fast. That hidden rare strain of magic keeps her body in tip-top shape,” she explained.

“Normal human bodies can’t withstand such magic,” he stated.

The man wasn’t called a “demon doctor” for nothing.

The man had his fair share of human test subjects, so he knew a great deal about their bodies and limitations. Even if one were to manifest multiple superhuman abilities, a normal human being couldn’t handle the pain it would cause to their muscles, their bones, and their organs. Anyone who would push their body to such limits was nothing more than an ill-advised fool.

“The problem is that she gets through it due to her unyielding persistence. Before the Demon Lord was resurrected, she won a deadly duel against my master. All she lost in that fight was her right eye. She’s a full-blown monstrosity,” the woman muttered.

“A duel with the first army commander? She must be a monster,” he agreed.

The woman’s master was said to be as strong as the entire demon race itself. Anyone who survived that duel was no average human.

“And she survived? Sounds rather skilled,” he observed.

“The new troops didn’t believe me when I told them, but I’m sure they’ll change their minds after we advance and she tortures them.” Her words dripped with hate.

“Oof. Sounds brutal,” he said weakly.

“This time, I’ll avenge my master. I’ll make sure that she—that Rose—is defeated.”

Hyriluk then mentioned that her master was still alive, but she ignored him as she looked toward Llinger Kingdom.

“I, Amila Vergrett, will get my revenge!” she exclaimed.

“You’re a commander this time, so you’re not allowed to go to the front lines,” he reminded her.

“Oh,” she remembered. “That’s right . . .”





* * *





I told the Blue Grizzly cub that I’d hunt down that devious snake, so I spent the night making a simple spear out of a nearby branch. I sharpened it with my knife as I sat up in the tree. Naturally, I had no idea whether this slapdash weapon would work. I didn’t know how to set traps. On top of that, the only weapon-like items I had were my magic and the knife. But that was all the more reason to have at least one trick up my sleeve.

“Yep. All done.”

It was nothing more than a stick, but it was still sharp. After I put the spear in a safe spot nearby, I leaned back against the tree. I had already gotten used to sleeping on that hard branch every night.

“I wonder what Kazuki and Inukami-senpai are up to,” I murmured.

“Kyu?” The rabbit seemed curious.

“You stuck by me all this time,” I said. The rabbit gazed up at me as I patted its head. It was quite a strange creature, but I wouldn’t have survived in the forest without it.

“There might be trouble tomorrow. I hope that’s all right.”

The rabbit nodded in response.

Satisfied by its answer, I slowly drifted to sleep.





The next day, I used the rabbit as a radar to search for the snake. I only had my knife and my spear—I’d left everything else back in the tree. Naturally, I had also taken a bath to wash off my scent. I was all ready to go. I was ready to find the snake . . . but then I saw the rabbit tremble.

“What’s wrong?”

It was staring straight ahead. I gripped the spear tight as my hand started to sweat. Proceeding with as much caution as possible, I silently pushed through the brush.

“Is that the sound of a fight?” I whispered.

I heard something. Something terribly loud. It was such an earsplitting sound that I thought the trees were being chopped down. But even so, I slowly made my way through the brush as I gazed straight ahead.

I saw my target: the snake.

But the Blue Grizzly cub was there too.

“It’s him!” I said, surprised.

The cub had bruises all over his body. He was past the point of exhaustion but still breathing. I placed the rabbit on the ground and grabbed my spear with both hands.

“Stay back.”

I knew what had to be done. I was prepared. Not prepared to die, but to punish the snake for picking on someone much weaker than him.

“It’s go time!”

The snake was nowhere near as intimidating as Rose. I knew how scary that savage, cold-blooded hag could be. This was nothing in comparison.

“You don’t scare me!” I shouted, surprising the cub and the snake.

For a split second, the snake didn’t know who to attack.

Now’s my chance! I know I’m much smaller, but I should strike while it’s thinking so I can get the upper hand. The thing is there’s no way my spear can pierce the giant scales that protect it.

So, what do I do? I’ll strike. There’s only one place to attack.

“Graaah!” I shouted.

I took one giant step toward the snake. It was far bigger up close. Its teeth were enormous! One bite would surely kill me.

Hm? The path ahead is all dark.

“Bwuh?!” I babbled. I took a giant step back.

Its mouth had snapped closed right in front of my eyes. If I hadn’t jumped back, I would have been snake food. But this was the moment I’d been waiting for. The tables had turned, and I raised my spear above my head.

“Eat this, you silly-ass snake!” I shouted gruffly without even thinking.

At that moment I brandished my spear and jammed it into the snake’s right eye. I was ready to shove my spear all the way to its core.

“Gyaaaaaaaaaah!” I screamed.

I focused all my power into my arm.

“What the—?! Huh?!”

As I tightened my grip on the spear, a terrifying impact jolted my body and sent me flying back through the air. I enveloped myself in healing magic out of instinct. My back slammed hard against a tree. I stared down the snake as I staggered back to my feet.

“Nrgh. The damn tail.”

I’m an idiot. Of course, this strange snake’s gonna fight with its tail.

Even so, the snake had just lost an eye. Its attacks were nothing compared to the blow I had landed. After I healed all my wounds, I wielded the knife.

“Is that it?! I didn’t feel a thing!”

I aimed for the right side of its body. The snake came charging at me, so I tried running into its blind spot. I knew that if it lashed out at full power, dodging it would be easy. I entered its blind spot as expected . . . but then it suddenly froze and faced me.

“Huh?!”

I’d been naÏve. I’d assumed it was a wild animal that was simply going berserk, but that wasn’t the case. This snake was different. It thought before it acted, before it slaughtered, and before it went in for the kill. In other words, this snake . . . was enjoying messing with me.

The snake opened its mouth wide and sunk its fangs into my left shoulder.

“Nrgh. Graaaaaaah!” I shrieked.

Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, YEOWCH!

The fangs sunk even deeper. I screamed out in agony, but it wasn’t trying to rip off my shoulder. It was looking at me with the round-eyed stare that was unique to cold-blooded creatures.

“Heh heh.” I had found my way out.

I held the knife in my left hand and thrust it into the roof of its mouth. It was the only part of the snake that wasn’t covered in scales. I stuck my right hand between my left shoulder and its bottom teeth, using as much force as I could.

“Graaah!”

“Sssssss!”

The snake tried to force its mouth shut. It refused to let go.

But ever since I came to this world, I’d been put through hellish training.

When it came to strength, let’s just say I was a little bit confident.

Actually, no. I can’t do this. I could do it if I had both my arms, but with just one there’s no way. At this rate, I’ll have to say goodbye to my left arm forever!

I couldn’t feel my left arm anymore. I kept pouring healing magic into it, but I couldn’t replace all the blood I had lost.

“Hm? Left . . . hand? That’s it!”

I twisted the knife into the roof of the snake’s mouth.

I was hoping it would cause it great pain. As expected, the snake loosened its grip.

“Take this!”

I saw my opening, pried the snake’s mouth open, and withdrew my left hand. Then I took a step back and gripped my arm. It was dripping with blood. The snake writhed in the pain that ran through its mouth. It was another chance to attack, but my knife was stuck in its mouth. I had lost all my weapons, but I still had hope.

“That’s the only target left.”

My target was the ugly head it had raised into the air. Unwilling to give it time to heal, I quickly ran toward it.

“Huh?”

My vision blurred and I felt all the power in my arms and legs fade away. I administered first aid, but I knew there was only one thing that could cause this.

“Poison? You gotta be kidding me.”

Not only is it huge, but it’s poisonous?! That’s just plain unfair.

The odds were against me, but this was my last chance to strike and I wasn’t about to let it escape. A little poison wouldn’t slow me down!

I enveloped my entire body in all the magic I had.

If poison is eating away at me, internal healing should do the trick.

Excruciating pain rushed through my body as I kicked off the ground and started running.

“Graaaaaaaah!” I shouted.

The snake noticed me charging toward it and tried to hit me with its tail. I couldn’t evade its attack, but that didn’t matter. If it hit me, I’d simply heal. Right before the tail hit me, a blue figure jumped in the way.

“Grrrrr!” growled something cute.

“It’s you!” I exclaimed.

The Blue Grizzly cub . . . did he just save my life?

The cub glanced at me for a second before it let out a shriek of pain, and then pinned down the snake’s tail. After exchanging glances with the cub, I silently turned to the snake.

Its head was higher up than I could reach, so the only option I had was to scale the giant snake’s body. It rampaged wildly as it tried to shake me off. I was almost thrown off, but I stubbornly held on as tight as I could.

I finally reached the snake’s head. It was shaking more violently than ever.

“If you think you can shake me off . . . then think again, dumbass!”

I held on to one of its scales and dug my heels into both sides of its head. Now it couldn’t shake me so easily! After that, I let go of its scale and swung my fist above its head.

“Calm the hell down!”

I punched the top of its head as it struggled against me. Its scales reduced the efficacy of my attack, but I figured I was still powerful enough to at least make it flinch. My fist hit its head with a clang. The snake quivered and swayed as it fell to the ground. While the snake was still disoriented, I jumped down from its head and grabbed the spear in its eye with my right hand.

“Say goodnight!”

I focused all my power into my right arm and sunk the spear deeper into its eye. The snake was still trying to shake me off, so I pushed the spear even deeper. Suddenly, it stopped moving and fell to the ground with a thud.

The snake had flung me to the ground, and I was now lying outstretched on my back. As I lay there, I glanced at the snake out of the corner of my eye.

“Ha ha ha . . . I did it!” I yelled.

“Grrr,” the Blue Grizzly growled.

The Blue Grizzly was close by. Bruised from head to toe, it came walking toward me. I thought it was going to eat me, but then I realized that it didn’t see me as an enemy. The cub planted itself beside me and whimpered as it stared into my eyes.

“I took down the snake.”

“Grrr,” the cub said.

What’s this bear cub going to do after this? Can it really survive in this forest? No, I shouldn’t be worried. I mean, it fought that snake for crying out loud. If it’s got that much courage, it should be all right.

“Ksha . . . sha . . .”

I heard a dreadful cry. I’d thought the fight was over, but I was dead wrong.

“Nrh?! No way!”

The snake slowly picked itself up. Its eyes were dripping with hate.

“Grrr . . . Grr . . .” the cub growled.

“C’mon, we gotta run. Let’s go!” I shouted.

The bear cub bit into my clothes and tried to drag me away. I couldn’t move and felt frustratingly helpless. I started crying, convinced this was the end.

Kazuki, Inukami-senpai, Rose . . .

That’s right. All of this is Rose’s fault. I should be allowed to curse her name if I’m doing it with my very last breath.

“Damn thuuuug! Old haaaaag! Freaking shrewww! Stupid ooooogre!”

The snake opened its mouth and charged us.

Rose you damn devil! Even if I die, I’m gonna curse you from hell!

The moment I should have died in that wide open mouth, something had vanquished the snake.

“Huh?” I couldn’t believe it.

“Tch. Nothing but a rotten pile of trash. Should’ve just died without makin’ a scene.”

And there appeared a woman with green hair raising her foot from the crushed head of the snake. On her shoulder was the black rabbit I had grown to know so well.

The bear cub and I stood there with our jaws dropped to the ground. It took a few seconds for me to grasp what had happened, but when I did my whole body trembled. Naturally, I was terrified.

“Yo. Nice work, Usato.”

“R-Rose-sama?!”

I’d added “-sama” to her name without even thinking.

But I suppose it’s only natural to use “-sama” when confronted with a tyrant.

She watched me tremble with fear, then petted the black rabbit and grinned.

“If it hadn’t been for this little fella, you woulda been toast,” she remarked.

“That rabbit . . .” I trailed off.

“Huh? Rabbit? What the hell’re you talking about? This ain’t no ordinary rabbit, you know. It’s my pet. Name’s Kukuru. It’s been watching over you ’cause I told it to,” Rose said.

What was once my guardian angel now turned out to be my worst enemy.

“See, I was standin’ on the outskirts of the forest in case something went wrong . . . but I never would’ve thought one of the monsters from the invasion would have escaped into the forest after Siglis had wounded it. Anyway, I tried to stay out of yer hair as much as I could,” Rose said.

“Invasion? By the Demon Lord’s army?” I asked.

Did she really watch that damn snake chase me around? I don’t know what to say anymore. I’m already used to this brute.





“But y’see, I never expected it to kill the Grand Grizzly. The Grand Grizzly is supposed to be the toughest monster in the forest.”

“What?! Are you telling me that you wanted my first fight to be with the king of the forest?!”

How callous! How cruel!!

“No. You got it all wrong. Normally, you can’t kill it. You’d lose yer life if you fought it on the first day, so I was gonna have you fight high-ranking enemies and gain experience. I was gonna pit you against the Grizzly on the tenth day until . . .” Rose trailed off.

“Until what?” I asked.

“Until I saw ya doin’ cool shit! I wanted to see what you’d do so I just let it play out,” she added.

“But I almost died!” I exclaimed.

Are you serious? So, everything I did to survive was only going to kill me in the end?

I felt totally deflated. Rose started approaching, but I didn’t care what she was going to do to me anymore.

“Grrr!”

The Blue Grizzly club jumped between me and Rose.

This isn’t good. Don’t cross that woman. She’s much eviler than the snake! Really!

“Hm? You the Blue Grizzly’s cub? You like the rookie or somethin’?” Rose asked.

“What? He likes me?” I said, befuddled.

I’d felt I had a bond with the cub. Is it possible that it felt that way too?

“Hah! Looks like you and I got somethin’ in common, cub. Get over here.”

Rose called out to the bear cub, who trembled at the sound of her voice.

I guess monsters really do wince when they meet Rose, what with her being so much more powerful and all.

“You’re coming with us. Carry this escape artist outta here,” she commanded.

“Bwuh? What the hell are you talking about? Can we really bring a monster back to the kingdom?!” I asked.

“Just who do you think I am? I’ll make them okay with it. Got it?” she said gruffly.

Yikes. She’s way too aggressive.

“Plus, I was plannin’ on bringing Kukuru back with me. Doesn’t matter if others wanna tag along,” she added.

That doesn’t make any damn sense! We don’t even know if this cub is actually gonna follow us. Wait, what? Why is the Blue Grizzly picking me up?!

“Grrr.”

“Huh? You wanna come with us? Are you sure you don’t want to stay in the forest where your parents grew up?” I asked.

The bear cub started swaying in response, almost as if it understood what I was asking by intuition alone. The cub seemed to feel indebted to me.

I heaved a sigh and asked Rose a question that had been on my mind.

“How was the rabbit injured?”

“Huh? That was just to throw you off. It was all an act,” she answered.

“Kyu,” the rabbit said.

Don’t look so proud of yourself, Mr. Rabbit! Seeing you hurt like that practically tore me to pieces. Now I know why it understands what I say. This was all part of Rose’s plan. I just wanna cry.

“Welp, for now let’s take the kid somewhere safe,” Rose said.

She grunted as she picked up the bear cub I was riding.

Ugh. This lady scares me.

“By the way . . .” Rose started.

Tears were welling up in my eyes as Rose turned to me with a smile. A blue vein was jutting out of her forehead.

“Remind me. What did you just call me? A damn thug? An old hag? A freaking shrew? A stupid ogre? I’m only twenty-five years old, ya know. When we get home prepare yourself for a beating.”

That was when it hit me.

I realized that my greatest enemy wasn’t the snake.

“So, if I round up, that makes you thirty.”

“Good luck sleepin’ tonight.”

My greatest enemy had always been this terrifying captain.





* * *





We finally returned to Llinger Kingdom.

Rose used her magic to treat the venom and wounds. Even though I’d only spent ten days holed up in the forest, coming back to Llinger Kingdom made me realize just how long it had felt. Only ten days had passed, but they were jam-packed with adventure.

I brought the Blue Grizzly cub—who I had affectionately named Blurin—to an old stable close to the rescue team’s living quarters and healed all its wounds.

Its blue fur felt pleasant to the touch.

“Heh, it’s a pretty good name if I do say so myself. Don’t you agree, Blurin?”

Yeah, “Blurin” is a really good name. Just take the “Blu” from “Blue” and “Ri” from “Grizzly” and bam! You’ve got a name fit for an adorable mascot.

I put my hand on his head, which he bit with a homf. It seemed as though he agreed. He looked happy to have been given a name.

Ha ha ha. That’s enough play biting—you know, now that I’m bleeding and everything.

Even though Blurin’s teeth wouldn’t part from my hand, we somehow received permission to bring him into the country. I honestly thought that they might turn him away, but Rose told me that so long as they obey humans, and so long as we can guarantee they won’t cause too much trouble, monsters like Rose’s rabbit Kukuru were allowed to stay in the kingdom after a few days of observation.

Having monsters in the kingdom required complicated paperwork, but Rose said she would take care of that for me.

Was she sweet or was she scary? I really didn’t know.

“Now here’s the deal,” I started.

“Kyu?” Kukuru looked flustered.

“Yes, you. You’re a turncoat . . . or shall I say turn-hare?”

I wasn’t mincing words.

“Kyuu!” the rabbit exclaimed.

“So cute. But playing dumb and cute like that won’t get you out of this,” I said.

Rose’s pet rabbit Kukuru had followed me and Blurin to the stable. It was a member of the Noir Rabbit species. Rose had told me that this species was fairly rare . . . but even so, this rabbit had a criminal history.

He was guilty of toying with my pure, naive heart! He once acted hurt to get close to me! I would’ve admired him for the almost-too-courageous facade he put on for his master . . . if it wasn’t used to trick me, that is.

“Nope, I just can’t get over it. If Rose had a pet, I’d have thought it’d be a dragon or a perilous legendary beast . . . but no! You’re cute! How freaking deceitful!” I shouted.

“Gwah!” Blurin bit me.

“Yeowch! Sorry!” I apologized.

You’re both cute, Blurin! Okay? So no more punching my shins!

Kukuru looked bewildered, watching as I desperately tried enduring the pain. It watched me turn away, then yelped before jumping onto something else.

When I turned around, Kukuru was standing on Rose’s shoulder.

“That’s a good boy,” she cooed.

“Rose-san,” I said, surprised.

“’Sup. Just cleared all the paperwork. That bear is now property of the rescue team,” she stated.

“P-Property?” I stuttered.

Well, I guess it made sense. After all, the team wasn’t renting the stable for free, plus we had to think about feeding the cub. This bear was going to have to work to earn its keep. Knowing this, I glanced over at Blurin, who had thrust his head into a pile of hay.

Blurin . . . I know Rose is scary, but that’s just overreacting.

“Welp, that about wraps it up for the bear. I came here to talk about that hulking pile of waste,” she said.

Pile of waste? Is she talking about the snake?

“The rabb—I mean . . . Kukuru brought me to clean water. That was when we ran into the snake, when we were deep in the forest,” I explained.

“Gotcha. Sounds like it healed itself and gathered power where we couldn’t find it. But to think it’d kill a Grand Grizzly . . .” Rose trailed off.

“Um . . .” I started.

“What?” she asked.

“How dangerous would you say that Grand Grizzly was?”

I simply wanted to know how much danger she had literally thrown me into.

Looking annoyed, Rose folded her arms. “Well . . . a squadron of our most elite troops couldn’t kill it. How’s that? In terms of strength, maybe slightly weaker than commander Siglis? Dangerous enough to be at the top of the forest’s food chain.”

“Are you insane?!” I blurted out.

“Pardon?” Rose said menacingly.

“Sorry, ma’am.” I apologized immediately even though I was letting my enemy win.

Wait a sec. A squadron of our country’s most elite troops couldn’t kill the Grand Grizzly, and here I was holding my own against it. I don’t want to toot my own horn or anything, but I did a pretty good job!

I casually mentioned that I thought I did okay. Surprisingly, she didn’t criticize me or put me down.

“As for the trial? You pass. Actually, you aced it. You didn’t kill your target, but you brought that pile of trash to its knees. You qualify,” she stated.

“Qualify for what?” I asked.

“Qualify to fight on the same battlefield as me. You still need to master the basics, but you’re different from the other healers. You got somethin’ they just don’t have,” she mentioned.

“I’m different? How?”

“You can handle excruciating pain and your physical abilities are off the charts. Not to mention . . .” Rose said, suddenly putting her fist to my chest, “your heart is as strong as your mind. The other healers aren’t like that. You should be proud.”

“Heh. It doesn’t really feel like it but . . . wait. What happened to the other healers?” I asked. Since I still hadn’t met them, I had forgotten that there were two other healers on the rescue team.

“One of them is frail. The other one’s his younger sister. They run an infirmary in the castle town together,” Rose explained.

“I see. So that means . . .” I trailed off.

I felt incredibly jealous at that moment.

Those two healers probably didn’t have to go through all this training!

“They’re backup in case of emergencies. Tong and the others transport the injured. You and I heal ’em on the front lines,” Rose stated.

“On the front lines?!” I repeated.

“Well, yeah. Since you’re the same as me,” Rose said.

“But . . . why?” I asked.

“There’s no time. The Demon Lord’s army’ll be here any day now. Odds are they won’t repeat their previous blunders, meaning they’ll take me down as soon as they can. That’s where you—our secret weapon—show ’em who’s boss.”

Was she saying that I was the trump card against the Demon Lord’s army? No, that’d be giving me way too much credit. Maybe I was more like the pawn that would trick the opponent into exposing its weakness.

Can I really do something so important? Will I be able to stay calm on the battlefield, in a fight of life or death?

“Worrying ain’t gonna help. But you need to steel yerself, got it? There’s gonna be heroes on the battlefield,” Rose remarked.

“You don’t mean . . .!” I said.

Kazuki and Inukami.

As heroes, it was only natural that they would fight the Demon Lord’s army.

What do I do? To be honest, I don’t want to fight a war. But the bigger issue is that I want to save my friends.

Maybe it was my stubbornness or my sense of pride talking, but it felt wrong for me to simply do nothing when we were all in the same mess. They were trying their hardest, so taking cover on the sidelines wasn’t an option. We weren’t super close back on Earth, but in the end the two of them had become extremely important to me.

Deep down, I already knew what I was going to do.

I knew I might die when I was fighting the snake. Hearing the story of the Demon Lord’s army made me cherish my friends more now than ever. I wasn’t the same person I was back on Earth—the boy who avoided all risks like the plague. This world, this country . . . this place had turned my entire life around.

I didn’t know how much I had changed. But what I did know was that I had become friends with Inukami and Kazuki, that I belonged on the rescue team, and that I had grown stronger by enduring training that made me hurl blood.

That was why . . .

“I will not fight,” I stated.

“Oh?” Rose looked amused.

Strength comes in many forms. Inukami and Kazuki were the heroes in Llinger Kingdom that would fend off the invasion from the Demon Lord’s army. I, on the other hand, was going to fight how I pleased.

“I will not kill my enemies,” I added.

“Oh?” Rose repeated.

I didn’t need swords or other weapons to kill my enemies.

“But I will save as many people as possible. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be a member of the rescue team,” I said.

I was ready—ready to stand with Rose and protect this country as a member of the rescue team. I would use healing magic to save the country that had taken me in when I was merely sent here by accident, and to save the two friends I held dear.

“Good. We’re the rescue team. No need to kill the enemy. It’s all about rescuing people. For those who want to be martyrs, just knock ’em out and drag ’em off the battlefield. Whisk away soldiers from the clutches of death. If someone dies, revive ’em. That is our role on the battlefield. You get all that, rookie? Speak your ideals and keep ’em comin’. That’s what the rescue team’s all about.” Rose flashed a fierce smile, and I instinctively straightened my posture.

My path was clear. I stared into her left eye and answered, “Yes, Captain!”

That was the first time I truly felt like a member of the rescue team.





Chapter 4: Usato Makes the Most of His Life!





Even after I told Rose that I’d dedicate myself to the rescue team, I still ended up getting in trouble. She was apparently still angry that I’d called her all those bad names, which was why she locked me in a room and put me through weight-training hell. My memories of last night weren’t exactly all intact. I could only assume that I was worked to the bone.

The next thing I knew, I woke up in my bed.

“W-What did she do to me?” I muttered to myself.

I heard a voice. “Mornin’ Usato,” it said.

“Is that you, Tong?” I replied to my roommate as I climbed out of bed. “Haven’t seen you in a while.”

Seeing his ugly mug would make any grown man run for his life. This was pretty much the epitome of waking up on the wrong side of the bed.

I got dressed while I made small talk with Tong, washed down breakfast—a piece of rock-hard bread—with some milk, then I stepped outside the quarters. I borrowed a bucket from the dining hall and filled it with fruit on the way to the small stable.

“You awake, Blurin?” I asked.

The bear replied with a “Grrr?”

He had just woken up. I patted the sleepy cub and took out a piece of fruit from the bucket. His nose inched toward the fruit, sniffing around for its scent. Then, he opened his mouth wide and filled his cheeks.

“Good boy,” I said.

He munched away.

After slowly chewing and swallowing his food, I gave him one more piece of fruit and continued petting him with my other hand.

Hee hee. Look at him being all quiet. His fur feels so nice.

If anyone had seen me grinning like that, they probably would’ve thought that I was a creep. To be frank, I just didn’t care. People could say what they want. This was my first time having a pet and I loved it.

“Tch. There you are,” said a gruff voice. “I wasted my damn time looking for you.” Rose slunk into the entrance with an irritated look on her face. She was always irritated, so I didn’t think anything of it.

“Ro—. . . Captain? Is everything okay?” I asked. “Training’s not until later.”

“Today’s training involves him,” she grunted. “What’s his name?”

“You mean Blurin?” I asked.

She looked surprised. “Blu. . . rin? Is that really his name?”

Rose’s eyes widened; they were as wide and round as glass plates. She almost never made this face, so I found it somewhat refreshing.

“You don’t mind that weird-ass name?” she asked the bear.

“Huh? It’s a plenty good name! Right, Blurin?” I protested.

Why would she say that? His name is amazing! She’s just being rude. You think so, too, dontcha Blurin?

I went to pet Blurin’s head when it nipped my hand with a homf.

Heh. He must be feeling bashful. These are just love bites, so I don’t mind them at all.

“See? Blurin likes it just fine,” I stated.

“Well, whatever,” Rose said. “Anyway, Blurin’s gonna train with you starting today.”

Me and Blurin?

He stopped gnawing on my hand and tilted his head as he looked up at Rose.

“This cub’s a member of the rescue team now. He’s gonna be your training partner,” she noted.

“Hmm. Wanna train, Blurin?” I asked the cub.

Blurin cried out as if he were cheering himself on.

“Looks like he’s ready,” I said.

“We’ve wasted enough time. Let’s move,” Rose instructed.

Blurin and I walked out of the stable with Rose. For some reason, my heart leaped when I thought about resuming my intensive training.

Wait. Has she got me trained like some animal?

“Now, put Blurin on your back and start runnin’,” she commanded.

“Come again?” I asked, dazed.

I had no idea what she meant.

Why do I have to put him on my back? I thought me and the cub were supposed to run together.

“Watch your mouth,” she threatened. “You’re gonna carry weights and the bear when you run.”

“Weights too?!” I exclaimed.

“No shit. That bear’s heavier than an average person, so it works. This training’ll simulate an actual battle. Pretend he’s a wounded soldier and run for your life. No cuttin’ corners either. I want you to act like you’re on the battlefield,” Rose instructed.

“Okay. . .” I answered. I didn’t have much of a choice.

I put on something that looked like a weighted vest and loaded Blurin onto my back. The heavy weight of the vest felt kind of nostalgic. It was almost as if I was reuniting with an old friend.

This’ll be easy. I got this.

“You okay, Blurin?” I asked.

“Gwah,” he replied, lightly smacking the back of my head.

The touch of Blurin’s little paws filled me with motivation. Rose took a seat in the shade of a nearby tree and started reading a slightly dense-looking book. I started laughing under my breath.

“I’ll show you what a killer combo Blurin and I make, Captain!” I called out.

“Shut up already and go,” she said, clearly irritated.

In an attempt to avoid Rose’s wrath, I leaned forward and started running on the course she had set. I was to run through the small patch of woods that surrounded the training area, which left me essentially running in circles.

One thing I noticed was that I was light on my feet. My bones and my muscles had gotten stronger, too, though I didn’t know if it was because I’d survived the forest, or if it was from all that rapid healing I’d used when fighting the snake. I couldn’t be sure.

“This shouldn’t be possible. This isn’t a manga after all,” I mumbled.

“Grrr?” The cub looked confused.

“Oh, sorry. Was just talking to myself,” I answered.

While I was running, I covered my body in a veil of gentle green healing magic. The magic was much more effective when it was focused, but its power still healed every inch of my body. Without this magic, keeping up with Rose’s training wouldn’t be possible.





Two hours had passed since I’d started my training. I was running at a fixed pace but still wasn’t tired, and I had managed to use less magic than needed. I realized that if I quit over an easy exercise like this, I simply didn’t have a future on the rescue team.

“I can keep going,” I said to myself.

But right after I hit the four-hour mark, I started feeling strange. My legs felt as heavy as lead, and I found it nearly impossible to breathe. I had more than enough energy to keep going, but something unknown was slowing me down.

Blurin swayed nervously on my back, but my body refused to respond. I grew heavier still and my speed slowed down significantly. Just as the sun was crossing its highest point in the sky, I stumbled. I helped Blurin to the ground, then I lay flat on my back with my arms and legs spread out in exhaustion. I tried catching my breath.

“What is this feeling?” I asked myself.

“Yo, kid! What’s the hold up? You can’t rescue people if you’re taking it easy!” Rose called out. I was too tired to say anything back.

Apparently, my magic had completely ran out. I usually didn’t run out of magic for half a day at least, but today was an exception. While I lay there on the ground, Rose stopped reading her book in the shade to come scold me.

“Get it now? That’s how long yer body will last if we assume you’ve got a guy on your back,” she said, still glaring at me.

“Why. . . assume that?” I inquired.

“Well, the body’s a funny thing. Stress changes just how tired you get. Even feelings like anxiety, fear, and irritation can wear you down. If we assume that a soldier’s gonna take Blurin’s place, you won’t have as much energy on the battlefield as you do now.”

“So, what should I do?” I asked.

“Get used to this training. You’ve gotta learn how to make good decisions. Keep your head above water and stare fear in the face. You’ll be training like this from now on. Capiche?” she said, putting the green light that shone from her palm to my head.

The moment that warm light surrounded me, I felt my fatigue escape from my body. This didn’t restore my magic power, of course, but I was at least healed to the point where I could get back on my feet.

“Thank you very much,” I said.

“Focus on restoring your magic. You’re gonna do the same training tonight,” she stated.

No matter how rough she was, she really looked out for her team. I knew this because she didn’t go back to town; she stayed here with me in the forest. She was also fond of animals, which definitely caught me off guard.

“Captain, you’re such a—” I started.

“Huh?” she asked.

“—tsundere,” I said.

“The hell does that even mean?” she hissed.

She would’ve killed me if she knew what it meant, so I decided to lock the word away in my chest. “Never mind. It’s nothing,” I said.

“Good. Tonight, you’re runnin’ in town and outside the castle,” she ordered.

“Wuh?” I was dumbfounded.

She was truly one of a kind.





* * *





As part of my training, I visited the castle town for the second time.

According to Rose, my mission was to run at a slower speed to avoid bumping into civilians. In other words, I had to get used to running through crowds. However, that was made slightly more difficult because I stood out like a sore thumb—especially since I had a huge blue bear on my back. I thought Blurin would scare the townspeople, what with him being a monster and all, but instead they glanced at me with tired eyes that looked like they were saying, “This again?”

“Why aren’t people making a scene, Blurin?” I asked semi-rhetorically.

I was a boy who was wearing a strange vest over my training uniform while carrying a giant bear on my back. If I were them, I would’ve definitely called the police.

“Maybe it’s good they’re not panicking. Makes it easier to focus,” I noted.

The castle town was fairly large. I had only been there once before and didn’t know it too well, yet here I was, not running in a back alley, but on a main road that was teeming with people. The good thing was that if I were to get lost, I knew I could use the big castle as my compass.

To my surprise, there were many stalls on the street. In fact, I even saw a stall that sold the same fruit I had given to Blurin that morning.

Must be a specialty in this country. I’ll ask Tong about it later.

“Heyyy!” someone said. But I figured they weren’t talking to me.

Delicious scents wafted through the air, which was something I hadn’t noticed on my last visit. I ran as I gazed at the stores that lined the streets, admiring the abundance of unique foods that didn’t exist back on Earth.

“Haah, haah . . . wait up!” cried the same voice I’d heard a moment ago.

Wait a second. What’s that? It was closer a second ago, but now it’s farther away. Maybe that person’s talking to me.

When I turned around, I found a gaunt, exhausted-looking man collapsed on the ground. He was coughing and wheezing about ten meters behind me.

“Wait! Yes, you . . . over here!” he gasped.

I was so confused that I blanked out for a second, but then I immediately snapped back to reality and approached the man who was lying face down in front of me. I put down Blurin for a moment, touched the man’s back, and poured healing magic into his body.

“A-Are you all right?” I asked.

The man coughed once more. “You finally . . . noticed me . . .”

It was clear that he wanted to talk to me for some reason. I enveloped him in healing magic as I helped him to his feet. When he stood up, his face was as white as a ghost, looking incredibly sorry for the trouble he’d caused.

The man had striking blond hair and was remarkably handsome. However, I couldn’t help but pity him when I noticed the dark bags that hung under his eyes and the dirt that was stuck to his face. The man still looked unwell, so I escorted him to the side of the road and had him sit on a wooden crate that was left unattended.

“How are you feeling?” I asked.

“Sorry about that. And thanks . . .” he said, bashfully scratching his head. His face was a lot brighter now that he had calmed down.

“No need to thank me. Do you have business with me, sir?” I inquired.

“Nah, I just wanted to introduce myself since you’re my junior and all. I started chasing after you before I even knew what I was doing,” he explained.

I was confused. “Your . . . junior?” I asked.

“Wait. The captain didn’t tell you?” he asked in return.

His junior? The only guys in this world who’d have seniority over me would be Tong and the guys, but they’re not healers like me so that doesn’t count. Oh, wait!

“You must be one of the healers!” I said, glad to have figured it out.

“Looks like the captain didn’t really tell you who we are. Well in that case, let’s start over. Hi, I’m Orga Fleur and I’m twenty-three years old. You can call me Orga,” he said.

“My name is Usato and I recently joined the rescue team. It’s nice to meet you, Orga-san,” I responded.

The man was a healer like me! Rose had told me about him—that he provided support from the rear, not on the front lines like us.

“Sorry for interrupting your training. I was on my way to pick up some medicine when I saw you carrying a Blue Grizzly. I figured you were a new member, so I thought I’d say hi,” he said.

“Really? How did you know I was on the rescue team?” I asked.

Orga chuckled. “Your clothes gave you away. That’s a special uniform exclusive to rescue team members.”

“Oh, wow. I had no idea! I’d just assumed it was regular sportswear or something,” I remarked.

“Well, it’s also because Tong and the guys usually run around here. The townsfolk see them train fairly often,” he explained.

“I see. So that’s why no one was fazed when I started running through town with Blurin,” I concluded.

“I can’t speak for the others, but seeing that cub sure surprised me,” he laughed.

The townspeople were so used to seeing the team’s rowdy members running through town that carrying a bear on my back didn’t intimidate them. After hearing Orga’s explanation, everything started making sense. Blurin looked up at me curiously as I patted him on the head. He then fixed his gaze upon Orga.

“But still, I can’t believe there’s someone who can finally handle the captain’s intense training. We couldn’t keep up by a long shot,” Orga said with a friendly smile.

“Honestly, I almost didn’t make it either. By the way, when you say ‘we,’ does that include the other healer?” I asked.

“Yeah, the other healer’s my sister. She’s five years younger than me. We run an infirmary in town together to improve our magic instead of training for physical strength,” he explained.

I wondered if family members had similar magic aptitudes, but there was no way I could know. In any case, the rescue team seemed to split into two factions: Tong and the guys were focused on strength while Orga and his sister were focused on magic. On the other hand, Rose and I were the only ones who were focused on both.

“But we’re still members of the rescue team. In emergencies, my sister and I heal the wounded at the captain’s behest,” he explained.

The rescue team really was prepared for the worst. Even so, something struck me as odd. If Orga was a healer like me, why didn’t he heal himself when he chased me? Couldn’t all healers cure fatigue?

“Are you unable to heal yourself, Orga?” I asked, genuinely curious.

“Oh, that. As much as I’d hate to admit it, I’m not very good at healing myself. I’m much better at healing other people. Plus, I couldn’t keep up with the captain’s training because my body is weaker than my peers’. That caused a lot of trouble for my sister. I feel pretty bad about it,” he admitted.

“Sorry to hear that,” I said.

It sounded like the ability to heal varied from person to person.

I think I’ll visit their infirmary when I have some free time. I’d love to see what it’s like.

“Well, I really should get back to training. You should rest a little more, Orga-san,” I said as I stood and put Blurin on my back.

“Sorry to bother you, Usato-kun,” he said sullenly.

“Not at all. I’m glad we got to talk,” I replied.

I didn’t want to rest too much after that, and it wasn’t because Rose would be mad at me, but because I wanted to take my training seriously.

“Oh, one more thing,” Orga said.

I turned back to look at him. “Yeah?”

Where his once-friendly smile had been was now a solemn frown.

“The captain is . . . No, I just don’t want you to hate Rose-san too much. I know she’s unhinged . . . but she’s much more than that. I wouldn’t say she’s warm and cuddly, but she’s really just awkward, so please . . .”

He was calling her “Rose-san” instead of “Captain,” which most likely meant that he was talking about her as a person, not his superior.

“Don’t worry. I never hated her in the first place!” I said.

The captain was strict, gruff, and even cruel, but for some reason I couldn’t bring myself to hate her. It really bothered me when she threw me into the forest, but if it hadn’t been for her, I would have never met Blurin. Everything had turned out all right, so I wasn’t going to hold it against her.

More importantly, she was the one who showed me which path I should take in this world. As much as I liked to complain, life with the rescue team wasn’t so bad.

Next, I’ll run a lap around the castle. Kazuki and senpai should be there at this hour. It’s been a while since I’ve seen them. It’d be nice to catch up. But . . . I don’t think I should bring Blurin into the castle. That sounds like nothing but trouble.





* * *





I let my mind wander as I watched the boy with a Blue Grizzly cub run to the castle.

“He’s the same type of healer as the captain, but I didn’t think he’d be so young,” I said to myself.

He was quite the balanced healer, whereas my talents were lopsided. In fact, his magic healed me so well that I would say it was perfect. But to think he was still in his twenties . . . I couldn’t help but be a little impressed. I looked up at the sky as I sat on the wooden crate he’d brought me to earlier.

“You’ve finally found one, Rose-san. This time, you won’t have to brave the battle alone,” I murmured.

“Big brother, how dare you!” a voice exclaimed.

Now that my sister had found me, she started nagging me about how worried she’d been. She looked absolutely distraught (even though there was no need to be). When it came to her “big brother,” she just couldn’t help it.

“Big brother!! You went outside alone?! Are you TRYING to die?!” she yelled.

“I’m not that weak, okay?” I said, defending myself.

“What? Yes, you are. I’m your sister. I’d know,” she stated.

How mean! Well, whatever. I’ll let it slide for now. First, I should tell my adorable little sister about the boy I met earlier.

“Anyway, I’ve got news. Today I met someone very interesting,” I mentioned.

“Yeah?” she said, intrigued.

“You should meet him,” I said.

He’s an interesting fellow. You two will get along well.





* * *





After I parted from Orga, I headed straight to the castle. I had planned to do laps like Rose had instructed, but I honestly didn’t know where she’d wanted me to start. I ran along the castle wall, trying to figure out where to go, when I finally arrived at the entrance.

The castle was larger than I had remembered. I wasn’t able to get a good look at it when Rose kidnapped me, but now that I was really seeing it I knew it was massive. As I admired the impressive door to the castle, I approached a guard who was standing nearby. The guard peered at me suspiciously until he saw my clothes, which somehow caused him to relax.

“Good day, Sir Usato, great member of the rescue team!!” he said.

“Um, hi,” I said.

The man seemed very enthusiastic.

“What brings you to the castle today, good sir?!” he exclaimed.

“I’d like to go inside. Can I bring him with me?” I asked in the hopes he’d say yes.

“Is that a Blue Grizzly cub? Rose-sama has already received permission to bring him in, so it should not be a problem!” he exclaimed.

“What?! I can really bring a monster into the castle?!” I said in disbelief.

“Rose-sama has guaranteed our safety, so you can bring him on in!” he shouted.

Apparently, Rose had filled out paperwork that would allow Blurin to enter the castle. She probably thought I’d try to bring him, so she must have gotten it out of the way in advance. In any case, she was trusting me a whole lot. What kind of person was Rose exactly? I just didn’t know anymore. I didn’t know anything about her except that she was my captain.

“Okay, so I can bring him in?” I asked again.

“No problem at all, sir!” shouted the guard.

I carried Blurin on my back as I entered the door to the grounds that surrounded the castle. If Blurin attacked someone here, I would be the one to stop him.

“No misbehaving, okay?” I said.

“Grrr,” he responded.

“Relaxed as usual, I see.” Blurin was lying calmly on my back. If he stayed like this, I had nothing to worry about.

I didn’t go inside the castle, but instead started jogging on the grounds in the hopes that I’d find the training area. Kazuki and Inukami had told me about it, so even though I’d never been there I knew what it would look like.

“They said it’s a big open area, so . . .” I mumbled.

Even though I was the one searching, a part of me wanted to say, “what compass are you using to get there, dumbass?” Kazuki’s descriptions were the only clues I had, so there wasn’t much else I could do. Even so, I was sure that if I circled the castle, I would find it. I continued doing laps around the castle until I found a big open space.

“Whoa!” I exclaimed.

Dozens of knights were using wooden swords to train in the area. The invasion of the Demon Lord army’s was imminent, so they were likely feeling quite shaken. While I was scanning the area, I saw a black-haired girl in the corner of the room. I was pretty sure I knew who it was. After I made sure it was her, I took a deep breath and called her name.

“Inukami-senpaiii!”





* * *





I was in the middle of developing my final attack—an attack that was sure to cause a fatality. Magic training had already ended, so I decided to focus on honing my techniques. It was a final attack, so shooting lightning bolts just wouldn’t do. It had to be different from my normal attacks. They say that men know more about these things than women, but Kazuki was clueless . . . or maybe he was simply indifferent.

“Inukami-senpaiii!” said a familiar voice.

I let out an audible “huh?”

When I turned around, I saw Usato running toward me.

However, I was totally frozen in place. How could I not be?! There was an actual blue bear having a good old time on his back!

“Usato-kun . . . What’s with that bear on your back?” I asked.

“Oh! He’s a monster called a Blue Grizzly, but he’s still just a cub. He’s pretty calm, so don’t worry. He’d never attack,” Usato said, placing the bear on the floor. He squatted down near the bear and started petting his head.

That’s a monster. Why does Usato have a monster with him?

“Actually, I just came back from living in a forest for ten days! It was swarming with monsters. A lot of stuff happened, and before I knew it this little guy had decided to tag along,” he explained.

“O-Oh. So that’s why you haven’t been at the rescue team quarters lately,” I said. But I was more curious as to why he was on castle grounds. “Did you come here to see me?”

“You and Kazuki visited me the other day, so I thought I’d swing by while I was training. Oh, wait. Is Kazuki not here today?” Usato asked, totally ignoring the fact that I was trying to tease him.

“He left the kingdom early this morning to gain experience fighting monsters. You just missed him,” I answered.

“Aw, that’s too bad. Why didn’t you go with him, senpai?” Usato inquired.

“They can’t have both heroes leave the kingdom, so I stayed behind. But don’t worry about Kazuki-kun—Siglis is with him. Though Celia did seem a little down this morning when she’d heard that her hero was gone,” I said.

Usato laughed. “Sorry to hear that, but I’m glad Siglis is there. Sounds like there’s no need to worry,” he said, breathing a sigh of relief. He was looking out for his friend, and that was great. More importantly, I couldn’t stop thinking about the blue fluff in front of me.

“Grrr,” the cub said.

“Hm? Sleepy already, Blurin? You haven’t moved an inch, so I don’t see how you could be tired,” Usato said.

It was my first time seeing a wild bear, but it was a lot cuter than I’d expected. It reminded me of a panda I’d once seen as a kid. Whenever I thought of bears, I’d imagine ferocious beasts. But this bear was nothing like that. Instead, it was lying down and sleepily rubbing his eyes. It wasn’t ferocious, it was downright adorable. In other words, there was only one question on my mind.

“Can I touch him, Usato-kun?!” I squealed.

“Hey! Don’t say that so loudly! You scared me,” he said.

“O-Oh. I’m sorry,” I stammered.

I didn’t realize how worked up I’d been. I guess I’d made a bit of a scene.

This isn’t good. I gotta cool down.

“You can touch him,” Usato said. “If he bites, I’ll just heal you.”

“Looks like I’m not the only one who says scary things,” I quipped.

I tried to touch the bear’s head, but he immediately slapped my hand down.

“Oh,” I said.

I felt so . . . empty.

I’d waited so long for this moment only to be completely shut down.

I stared blankly at the hand that the bear slapped.

Usato spoke in an attempt to break the awkward silence. “Don’t look so sad, senpai! H-He’s just shy, is all.”

“I’m not sad!” I shouted. “The touch of that little paw just got me excited!”

“You sound pretty confident, but I don’t know . . . Why don’t you try calling his name? He might let you pet him,” Usato suggested.

“Okay, what’s his name?” I asked.

“Blurin,” he stated.

Blu . . . rin? That’s one heck of a name. Usato’s really got a talent for naming things, I see. I shouldn’t have been so presumptuous. Of course, saying his name would let him know I’m a friend!

I reached out to touch him. “Oh, Blurin!” I said in the cheeriest voice I could muster.

But the bear sunk its teeth into my hand with a homf. It seemed like a love bite since there wasn’t any blood. When he finally released my hand, it was covered in drool.

Is he trying to hide his embarrassment, Usato-kun? That’s kind of exciting. But wait . . . animals should love me if I’m the heroine. For some reason, they don’t. What does that mean?

“Looks like someone has a tainted heart,” Usato said.

“Um, what? If that’s the case, then why don’t you try petting him yourself?” I replied.

“Just watch me,” Usato countered. “Heh heh heh . . . Me and Blurin are buddies. Ain’t that right, Blurin?” he said smugly.

The bear simply bit his hand with a homf.

I guess Usato had a tainted heart, too.

But despite being bitten, Usato was smiling. I was pretty sure he was bleeding—actually, I didn’t care. Whatever it was, it was clearly a sign of Usato’s affection.

Usato took his hand out of the cub’s mouth, which prompted Blurin to look at me with a face that said, “Who, me? I didn’t do anything wrong.”

Umm. . . was Usato not hurt by that bite?

“By the way, what were you doing when we came in here, senpai?” Usato asked.

“Well, that was out of the blue. I was, uh. . .” I started.

“Were you training?” Usato asked.

What do I do? I can’t tell him that I was thinking up a final attack! Usato is seriously training his butt off . . . he can’t know that I’m worrying over something so trivial! He can’t ever know. It’s just too embarrassing!

“M-Magic practice,” I lied.

“Oh, okay. Knowing you, I thought you’d be thinking of spells or a final attack,” he said.

He must have read my mind. But in any case, this is a really good opportunity! For now, let’s see if I can casually fish for info on some techniques.

When I asked him about it, he looked pretty suspicious, but he still answered me honestly. After we talked for about ten minutes, Usato suddenly seemed to remember something. He quickly got up and walked over to Blurin.

“Well, I should really get going,” he said.

“What? Leaving already?” I asked.

“I’ve gotta get training, but I’ll come back again soon. C’mon, Blurin. There’s no time to sleep. Upsy-daisy. Ugh, I swear,” Usato muttered.

He picked up Blurin and threw him onto his back. Blurin may have only been a cub, but the fact that Usato could carry him was—if anything—proof of how much he’d grown. When Usato left, I must admit . . . I missed him a little. Next time, I was going to visit him myself.

“I’m gonna do my best, Usato-kun,” I murmured.

“Great!” exclaimed Usato. “And good luck coming up with a final attack!”

“What the?!” I stammered.

“See you later!” he said.

Before I could even say it back, he sped away from the training area.

How did he know I was thinking of a final attack?! Well, I asked him about it a bunch of times . . . maybe that’s why he noticed.

“Okay. Time to get to work,” I said.

I wonder if Usato realizes that he’s being more open with me over time. Well, whatever. I’m sure it’ll be fine.





Chapter 5: Usato Goes Back to the Forest!





A few days had passed since I’d visited Inukami. I was sound asleep in my bed . . . until I was rudely awakened before morning training.

“Hey. Rise and shine,” someone said. I jolted awake.

Actually, I wasn’t just rudely awakened—I had been literally drop kicked out of bed. Groaning as I fell to the floor, I glanced at the intruder who had disturbed my peaceful slumber. Unsurprisingly, it was Rose, who crossed her arms and looked down at me in an irritated manner. She was so intimidating that it would make anyone cower in fear.

“W-What’s going on? It’s still dark out,” I said.

“I’ll explain later. Get dressed,” she ordered, then quickly left the room like the hurricane of a woman she was. Still half asleep, I changed into my training uniform as she had commanded.

“Okay. Gotta leave quickly,” I whispered.

Now that I was fully dressed, I left my room and hurried to exit the quarters. When Rose saw me, she threw a square-shaped object in my direction.

“Take this,” she said.

What is this, a backpack? It looks smaller than the one before.

Wait. Why am I feeling so shaky? Maybe I’m getting myself worked up for nothing.

“Huh? What’s going on?” I asked.

“Just got a request from His Majesty. You’re gonna join the heroes for training,” she stated. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.

“Why the long face?” she probed.

“No, it’s just . . . by heroes, do you mean Kazuki and Inukami-senpai?” I asked.

“Hero Kazuki’s done training outside the country. Looks like you just missed him. You gotta accompany Hero Suzune instead,” she stated.

I’m gonna train with senpai outside the country?! But . . . why me? Siglis’s men were there for Kazuki’s training, weren’t they? Why can’t they handle this, too?

As if she knew what I’d been thinking, Rose heaved a sigh and put her hand to her head. “When you returned from the forest His Majesty asked that you join Hero Kazuki in his training, but I told him you couldn’t. You had just fought that heaping pile of junk, so I figured you were too mentally drained to go back so soon. Now that Hero Kazuki has returned, His Majesty wants you to join Hero Suzune. Naturally, I rejected this request too, but he keeps pushing and I can’t keep turning him down.”

She knew that I was exhausted after I came back from the forest. That was nice of her to notice. I’ll give her that.

“But . . . why me?” I wondered.

“You can heal her if she needs it, but usually it ain’t necessary,” she said.

It almost sounded like she okayed the request because she knew I was far away from my friends. In other words, she entrusted me with my very first mission! Plus, my mission was to accompany Inukami, which was all the more reason to shoot my best shot.

“Right. Let’s head to the gate,” she said.

“Understood. Oh, what about Blurin?” I asked.

“He can tag along,” she stated.

“Okay!” I said excitedly. “I’ll go wake him up,”

I quickly went to the stable to find Blurin. It was the perfect opportunity to bring him to the outdoors. The open space that surrounded the training grounds was a decent size, but it wasn’t the same spacious forest that Blurin used to call home.

When I arrived at the stable, I found Blurin curled up in a ball. He was sleeping on a pile of hay.

“Wake up, Blurin,” I said, shaking him gently.

Blurin responded by groaning in his sleep.

“Urgh. You’re out like a light . . . the captain’s gonna kill me if we’re late. Come on. Get up and start walking,” I urged.

I spun the backpack to the front side of my body, then hauled Blurin onto my back. He was sleeping like a baby on the guy who was literally just kicked awake. What did he think my back was? A business class seat or something?

As I grumbled about Blurin under my breath, Rose rolled her eyes as we traveled to the the door leading out of the kingdom.





Dawn had barely broken in the empty castle town when we arrived at the door to the outside world. We spotted two guards who were standing close to Inukami.

“What are you doing here, Usato-kun? Did you come to see me off?” Inukami asked.

“Good morning, Sir Usato!” said one of the guards.

“He’s here,” said the other.

Two guards were there to protect Inukami: One was the overly energetic gatekeeper I’d seen at the castle the other day; the other was an unfamiliar woman who was wearing a black robe. The energetic gatekeeper removed the helmet that he had been wearing to reveal his short, red hair and nice-looking face. The black-robed woman, on the other hand, kept to herself. Judging from the shape of her body, I assumed she was a mage who worked for the kingdom like Welcie.

“No way. The last person to join us is . . .” started Inukami.

“. . . probably me,” I answered.

By “last” she must have meant that I was the final member in this four-person party.

Rose glanced at each of the members, then she scowled at the gatekeeper—who I believe was named Thomas—until he fearfully opened the door. I was so busy feeling sorry for him that I almost didn’t notice that Rose had approached Inukami.

“Hero Suzune. Usato’s healing magic should help you push past your limits. He’s ready for battle, but just to be safe, don’t assume he’ll be able to pick up the slack,” she said.

“N-Noted. This is my training, after all, so I will avoid relying on him as much as I can,” Inukami answered. She seemed a bit overwhelmed.

“It’s too early to know that for sure. Healing magic’s useful but it ain’t perfect. We can heal poison and wounds, but if you die, you’re done for. I’ll say that again: Don’t rely too much on healing magic. Got it?” Rose warned.

“Y-Yes. Understood,” Inukami answered, her voice slightly wavering. She stood frozen in place.

It sounded like Rose was telling her not to go overboard. From my perspective, Inukami wasn’t prepared for the danger that lay ahead. This was probably because she was really enjoying this world and hadn’t experienced actual danger.

“Well, you’ve been training under Siglis,” Rose said, “so you should be okay for the most part.”

After that, Rose walked up to me. She looked at me for a few seconds without saying a word. Despite shifting nervously, she patted me on the back, which signaled that she wanted me to walk to the door.

“You know what you have to do. Now get going,” she said.

“That’s it?” I inquired.

“What? You want me to talk?” she asked.

Actually, no. No, I didn’t. Even if she gave me a pep talk, she’d end up criticizing me and that was the last thing I needed. Rose saw me slump my shoulders in defeat and she cackled as she walked away. When Rose was out of sight, Inukami let out a huge sigh of relief.

“No one has ever made me so nervous,” she muttered, her voice still shaky.

“And that’s her at her nicest,” I said with a grin. “Usually, the captain never gives us any advice.”

Inukami’s face was still pale. “Your teacher’s so hard-core,” she said.

I wasn’t sure what she’d meant, but even if I’d asked her, I knew she wouldn’t tell me. Feeling a little uncertain, I set out with my party as we left the kingdom.





* * *





“How did Kazuki handle his training?” I asked.

“I heard he did really well,” Inukami responded. “We’re not used to fighting in actual battles, so he was understandably exhausted. He’s been sleeping since yesterday.”

“I hope he’s all right,” I said.

We made casual conversation as our party walked on a dirt path outside of the kingdom. It was the same path I had taken when I came here with Rose. There were apparently few monsters around, so enemy encounters weren’t likely unless there was an emergency. In fact, I wasn’t attacked the last time I’d walked this path either.

The two guards were a few paces ahead of us. They remained incredibly focused as they watched out for potential attacks, proving that they could be trusted to guard Inukami. My only talent was using unskilled physical attacks, so I was sure they could easily beat me in battle.

“Is Blurin going to sleep the whole time?” Inukami asked.

I wasn’t sure what she was getting at. “Pardon?”

“Oh, I was just wondering when you think he’ll wake up. If he’s sleeping . . . maybe he won’t mind if I pet him,” she said.

Is that all you ever think about, senpai?!

On top of that, she was basically hyperventilating as her fingers wriggled in the air above his head. I stared at her coldly as she approached him. She wanted to touch him a little too much. I was hoping she’d be as calm as when we’d left the kingdom, but that didn’t seem like it was going to happen.

“He’s sleeping, but . . .” I started. But the moment I opened my mouth, Inukami’s arms moved so quickly that I’d thought we were being attacked. I ended up slapping her hand with my right hand out of reflex. Inukami brought her hand to her chest and looked at me in disbelief. A few seconds later, she suddenly yelled, “Why?!”

“I should be asking you the same thing! That was too sudden! Otherwise, I wouldn’t have accidentally slapped you!” I responded.

“That’s how you act when you slap a maiden’s hand? Well . . . just look who’s awake,” she growled, angrily staring at me.

I didn’t know what she was talking about, so I ignored her death stare. Seconds later, I realized that Blurin had finally woken up and was opening his mouth wide to yawn. I asked the two guards to stop walking for a moment while I placed Blurin on the ground.

“Go on. You can walk,” I said.

“Grrr,” he replied.

Blurin slowly stood up on his four legs, waddling side to side as he walked. Watching him, I sighed without thinking. I was hoping that he’d start walking normally if I just left him to it. I told the guards that they had nothing to fear, so the two of them kept walking.

However . . .

“H-Hey, Blurin . . . let me give you a piggy-back ride! Let’s go!” exclaimed Inukami.

Wait, wait, wait, this is gonna be a disaster! He’s still half-asleep so he might mistake you for a—oh.

The next thing I knew, Blurin was basically sitting on top of Inukami. To say she was having trouble holding him up would have been an understatement.

“S-Senpai?!” I exclaimed.

Did the prettiest girl in school just grunt like a man? I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that. Anyway, I’ve gotta do something before Blurin kills her!

I removed Blurin and rescued Inukami as fast as I could.

“Ack. I’m sorry, Usato-kun. I saw an opportunity and I went for it,” she explained.

“I don’t know what opportunity you’re talking about, but please try not to get hurt. We’re supposed to get injured during battle, not before it,” I scolded.

She was tougher than I’d expected, but there was still a chance that her bones or internal organs were hurt. I enveloped her body in first aid magic as I continued walking the path.

“Are you all right, Madam Suzune?” one guard asked.

“I’ve got Usato, so I’m feeling just fine,” she remarked. “Wow, you’re amazing. My body feels so much lighter!” she exclaimed.

“Right . . .” I said, thinking about how her statement sounded kind of dirty.

I had placed my hand on Inukami’s shoulder, but it was only because I was healing her. I wouldn’t even dream of having ulterior motives. If anything, I was taken aback by her words. Maybe fantasy worlds really did change people after all.

Now that Inukami was healed, I took my hand off her shoulder.

Speaking of which, I never asked where we’re going.

“Excuse me,” I said.

“Yes? What is it?” replied the red-haired gatekeeper in front of me.

“Can you tell me where we’re going?” I asked.

“We will be staying in the grasslands, which is home to various monsters. It is quite close to a forest that is called the Den of the Beasts, so there should be many fiends prowling about!” he exclaimed.

In other words, we were going to see monsters that lived in the same forest Rose had thrown me into the other day. Last time, I didn’t see too many monsters, but that was because I always ran away or avoided them.

“How long will it take to get there?” I inquired.

“I would say . . . we should be there by noon,” answered the red-haired man.

We were going a lot slower than I had with Rose. The four of us were moving together as a unit, so it was only natural that it would take us more time. It had only been a few days since I had left the forest, but seeing it again made me feel a little nostalgic. Blurin must have felt the same way.

“Grrr?”

Or maybe he didn’t. After all, he left the forest so that we could travel together.

My eyes were fixed on Blurin when Inukami suddenly tapped me on the shoulder. “Actually, I was hoping you’d let me touch Blurin,” she said.

“Haven’t you already learned your lesson?” I asked.

She’s a persistent one, I’ll give her that. But if he crushes her again, I ain’t helping.





A few hours had passed since we left the kingdom. Upon approaching the outskirts of the forest, the two guards halted in place.

“I’m sensing much movement ahead,” said the mage.

“Is it monsters?!” Inukami exclaimed.

As the gatekeeper reached for his sword, we were ambushed by something that hid in a cloud of dust. When I saw its true form, I was at a total loss for words.

“Bandits! You two, stay back!” the mage ordered.

“Usato-kun . . .” murmured Inukami.

I could only say, “What the hell’s going on?”

I never would have guessed that Inukami’s first real fight was going to be not with monsters, but with people! There were fifteen bandits who wielded Western-style knives and swords that were chipped. They were blocking our path about ten meters ahead.

The gatekeeper wielded his sword as the mage held out her hands. As nervous as she was, Inukami also reached for the sword. For some reason, seeing the flippant grins on the bandits’ faces made me feel calm.

A stout, bald man started laughing. He seemed to be their leader. “Who’da thought we’d find treasure all the way here! It’s our lucky day! Ain’t that right, boys?” he called out.

“Yeah, boss!” his underlings answered in unison.

Ugh, this isn’t scary at all. They lack a certain something, but I’m not sure what it is.

“Bwa ha ha ha ha! If ya don’t wanna get hurt, hand over the goods!” the leader said.

“Never!” said the gatekeeper.

The bandits cackled crudely in response.

“Oh? You really think you can win against all of us? Don’t make me laugh!” the leader sneered.

Inukami stood beside me and slowly tugged on my shirt.

She may be eccentric, but she’s still a girl. Of course, she’d be intimidated by a bunch of guys cackling like hyenas. How could she not be? I should probably say something to her to calm her nerves . . .

“Can you believe it, Usato-kun?! Look! Real live bandits!” she exclaimed.

“You’re really something else, senpai,” I said.

I had forgotten that she was no average girl. I was the stupid one for forgetting that everything about this world was exciting for her.

After exchanging a few unkind words with the armed gatekeeper, the bald leader glanced over at me and Inukami. The man chortled as the corners of his mouth twisted into a grin.

“So the kids behind you brought their loot, too. Ain’t no way you won’t be handin’ it over!”

“You will not be laying a hand on these two, you brute!” the gatekeeper said.

“Brute? Hah! We consider that a compliment! Wait—they have a monster!” said the bald man, who had spotted Blurin. A few seconds later, the color drained from his face. He started to panic. “Th-That’s a Blue Grizzly! What the hell’re you doing bringing that thing in here?!” he shouted.

“You’re just a cub but you’re really strong. Aren’t you, Blurin?” I said.

Blurin snorted proudly as if to say, “Of course!”

It would have been more convincing if he actually trained for once, but I digress. My eyes shifted from Blurin to the bald leader, who was being consoled by his henchmen.

“Hey, Boss! That thing’s just a kid! We can take ’em!” one said.

“Yeah!” shouted another.

“Boys . . . you’re right! We clawed our way through them grasslands and ain’t nothin’ can scare us! C’mon, boys, let’s get ’em!” shouted their leader.

He needed to be comforted by his henchmen?

This guy had no dignity. And from what they’d just said, I’d wager that their clothes and equipment were worn out because they had just crossed the grasslands. I didn’t know how strong they were, but if they could make it through such a dangerous place, we couldn’t let down our guard.

The bandits charged at us with their weapons as our guards got into fighting position. The truth was that I couldn’t fight. I never learned martial arts or fought with a sword, and my training never involved one-on-one battles. I didn’t know if I could fight like a real soldier should. However, I was an expert at running around the field to make sure that I didn’t get captured. When it came to escaping, no one could do it better than me.

I readied my healing magic and leaped back as I focused all my strength to my legs.

But at that moment . . .

“Take this!”

A flash of lightning flew past our two guards and directly hit one of the bandits. The injured man shrieked as he convulsed on the ground. Unable to believe what we had seen, the bandits and I immediately looked at senpai’s fingers, which she had pointed at them like a gun. The gatekeeper turned back to Inukami with a gallant smile on his face.

“That’s Madam Suzune for you! Heh heh! She’s so good that we don’t even have to attack!” he said proudly.

Did she just zap him until he passed out?

“Y-You didn’t kill him, right, senpai?” I stuttered.

“O-Of course not . . . I think,” she answered.

Why did she hesitate?! Now I’m scared.

After witnessing Inukami’s attack, the bandits stopped dead in their tracks. One of the henchmen ran to the man on the ground and nervously checked if he was alive.

Self-defense is good and all, but killing? If it’s not too late, I can still heal him.

“H-He’s alive,” said the henchman.

Hearing this, Inukami heaved an audible sigh of relief. But this was a great diversion. At this rate, her lightning bolts could make quick work of the bandits.

“I’ll heal you if I have to, senpai. For now, please attack all you like!” I said.

“You’re the sweetest, Usato-kun,” she said.

What are you saying?! I’m just trying to support you so you can feel free to strike down the bandits!

“D-Don’t let her intimidate ya, boys!” yelled the leader. “Magic only works from far away! If we tackle her all at once, she’s done for!”

“Go, Inukami-senpai! Mow ’em down!” I said.

“You don’t have to be so crude, ya know!” she replied, then shot countless lightning bolts from the tip of her finger. Another man slumped to the ground, then another. She paralyzed the bandits and made them black out, which could only mean . . .

“You’re a human stun gun!” I said. “No, wait, ‘electric eel girl’ is more like it!”

“You say that again and I’m gonna get angry,” she threatened.

As the bald leader watched his henchmen fall face-first to the ground, he pointed at Inukami and bellowed, “You can’t use magic! That’s cheating!”

He was so lame that I just didn’t get it. The only thing that was brutish about him was his face, but that’s it. They weren’t as vicious as Rose or the trainees, so this didn’t scare me at all!

Inukami was about to round up the rest of the bandits when the mage suddenly spoke. “Something’s coming. It’s . . .” the mage trailed off.

It seemed that she had sensed something new. I couldn’t see it, but I could clearly hear it approaching. The footsteps weren’t normal. Whatever it was sounded like it was bouncing.

“Here it comes!” the mage shouted.

The bald man wore a dumbfounded expression.

“What’s that?! Well, it’s too late now to surrend—agh!” he screamed.

A red boar flew into him and sent him flying.

“Boss!!” his men yelled.

“Sir Usato, Madam Suzune! It’s a pack of Fall Boars! Stay back!” the mage yelled.

“Why are they here? Their habitat is much deeper in the forest,” the gatekeeper said.

The Fall Boars—red-haired monsters who had abnormally developed hind legs—had inserted themselves into the fight. The two guards swiftly evaded their attacks. However, three of them ambushed me and Inukami. As I locked eyes with one of the boars, I yelled Blurin’s name so he could attack.

“GRAAAAAH!” Blurin roared.

Blurin stood up on his hind legs and ferociously spread out his arms, but the boars were too enraged to back down. Blurin managed to stop one of the boars in its tracks. The other two kept rushing toward me and Inukami.

I could take the hit. I knew I was strong. Inukami, on the other hand, likely needed assistance. I tried to fend them off to protect her . . . but she jumped right in front me and shot powerful lightning bolts from her hand before I even knew she was there.

“Get back, Usato-kun!” she yelled.

“Inukami-senpai?!” I shrieked.

Her lightning bolt struck one boar. The other had dodged it.

“Oh no,” she said.

Fall Boars were unique in that they could jump incredibly high due to their unnaturally mighty hind legs. They were known to save up their power for a devastating attack; they would send their enemy flying high into the air and then slam them into the ground. Worst of all was the fact that Inukami was their target. Perhaps they had sensed that she was a bigger threat than I was.

I quickly grabbed Inukami’s shoulders, switched places with her, and held on to her tight in an attempt to shield her. A few moments later, I had the wind knocked out of me from behind and was sent flying into the air with Inukami.

Luckily, my backpack took the brunt of the attack, but I still grit my teeth as I tried to endure the pain that ran through my body. I felt like I was going to crumble at any second, so I quickly cast healing magic on myself to avoid blacking out. It was only then that I realized that Inukami had fainted in my arms!

“Senpai!!” I screamed.

I held her head tight as we fell to the ground and, while the leaves beneath us had softened our fall, we fell onto an unfortunately steep slope. We rolled all the way down the hill, going so fast that we were unable to stop. Every time the backpack hit the ground, it sprung us into the air only for us to be flung back to the ground twice as hard.

I screamed in terror as my vision went black; my entire body took a thrashing as we rolled down the hill and, eventually, were flung into a river. I tried swimming Inukami to shore, but the current was so strong that I couldn’t fight it. I had no choice but to float down the river, but that was when I suddenly recognized the scenery around us.

When Rose had thrown me into this forest, I had jumped into this river to escape the Grand Grizzly. In other words, this river only led to one thing.

“Pretty sure there’s a waterfall.”

I wanted to take another path down the river, but the sound of the approaching waterfall made it clear that this was now the worst-case scenario. My only hope was to go over the waterfall, where the current was smoother. Then, I could likely bring her to shore.

“No choice but to brace myself,” I said.

I held Inukami tight in my arms and took a deep breath.





* * *





“. . . -kun! . . . Usato-kun . . .!”

I heard someone calling my name as I drifted back into consciousness.

I couldn’t move a muscle. My arms and legs were as heavy as lead and my clothes were so wet that they stuck to my skin. I could only hear the sound of harsh, rushing water as a voice kept calling my name.

“Usato-kun . . . I’ll take you somewhere safe! Just hold out until then!”

That was when I regained consciousness.

After we fell into the river, I used my last ounce of strength to carry Inukami to a nearby shore and passed out shortly after. Now that I was awake, the first thing I wanted to do was use healing magic to relieve my fatigue. I also wanted to escape Inukami’s arm, which was wrapped around my shoulder.

“I will protect you. I, Suzune Inukami, vow to return this debt if it’s the last thing I do!” she shouted.

“That won’t be necessary, senpai. Actually, can you stop? This is kind of embarrassing,” I said.

“A-Awake so soon?” Inukami blurted out.

Now that my vision was no longer blurry, I saw Inukami clearly standing before me. She quickly stepped away from me and her face was bright red. She must have been embarrassed because I’d heard her impassioned declaration. If she wasn’t embarrassed, then I didn’t know why she was averting her gaze.

“Are you okay, senpai?” I asked.

“I-I should be asking you the same thing,” she answered.

“I’m okay. This stuff doesn’t faze me,” I said.

As I surveyed my surroundings, I enveloped her in healing magic just in case she was hurt. I saw a familiar set of spooky trees and a waterfall, along with the sound of beastly cries in the distance. There was no doubt in my mind—this was the same forest that Rose had thrown me into. After making this grave discovery, I quickly told Inukami where we were. She understood what I’d said just as fast and then sadly hung her head.

“I’m sorry, Usato-kun,” she lamented.

“No need to apologize. We’re in this together,” I said.

“Yeah . . .” she replied half-heartedly.

As much as I wanted to cheer her up, I was doing all I could to figure out how to get out of here. I had to do this, since I knew the terror of this place better than anyone else.

“Dangerous monsters lurk in this forest—ones that can even make quick work of the Fall Boars,” I explained.

“We’ve got to get out of here quickly,” she said.

“It’s dangerous. Later in the day, there’s only darkness. You can’t see anything. No matter how strong you are, senpai, there’s no way we can fight monsters that can ambush us at any second,” I stated.

“True,” she admitted.

The nights in the forest were always pitch-black. Traveling at night wasn’t advisable, as the only thing that could guide us was the light of the moon.

“That’s why we’ve gotta wait until daybreak to move,” I said.

“But aren’t we susceptible to attacks at night?” she inquired.

“I climbed a tree so monsters wouldn’t notice me. Can you do that, senpai?” I asked.

“I’ve never climbed a tree before. My parents never allowed it . . .” she trailed off.

If she wasn’t allowed to climb trees like the other kids, she must’ve been the daughter of a high-class family. I can totally see that being the case. Anyway, it sounds like tree-climbing is out of the question. In that case . . .

“Why don’t we stay here?” I suggested. I pointed at the shoreline near the waterfall directly below me.

“Are you sure?!” she gasped.

“That way we’ll always be close to water, at least. We can search for a better location, of course, but if we do that we’ll probably just get attacked again.”

“Y-You have a point,” she stuttered.

“Then it’s settled.”

Inukami and I started gathering all the leaves and branches that had fallen to the ground. We managed to make a decent pile in a matter of minutes.

“Use your magic to set it ablaze, senpai. A fire might attract monsters, but at least it’s better than being blinded at night,” I suggested.

“I see. Understood.”

She then zapped the branches and trees and set it ablaze. The fire burned brightly, expanding as it released smoke into the sky. I put my hand near the fire as it warmed up my body. Since I was in frigid wet clothes, I was thankful for the warmth.

“Do you have any supplies?” I asked.

“Yeah, in my backpack,” she answered, taking out a small sword, a knife, and a map. The map wasn’t useful, but the knife was sure to come in handy. I asked her if there was anything else in the backpack, but she only had a change of clothes and other personal belongings. She probably didn’t think she’d have to survive in the wilderness, so I couldn’t exactly blame her for not being prepared.

“I’m so glad my change of clothes didn’t get wet,” she said.

“Why don’t you go ahead and change, senpai? I’ll wait here. My clothes should dry up pretty quickly if I stay by the fire,” I said.

“Yeah. But before I do that, take this just in case,” she said.

She handed me the knife and the sword that was light enough to wield with one hand. Then, she took her clothes out of the backpack and carried them to a nearby bush. For some reason, she stopped in place and faced me. There was a devious smile on her face.

“No peeking, okay?” she said playfully.

The only word I managed to utter was, “What?”

“You don’t have to shoot me down so hard, you know,” she replied.

No matter where we went, I would never disrespect my senpai. After she changed, she acted like her normal, happy self. That made me relieved, but that’s my little secret.





A few minutes later, Inukami changed into a simple outfit—a long-sleeved shirt and pants—and we started setting up camp. Honestly, it was a pretty simple setup; we kept the fire going and found somewhere to sleep.

In any case, the fire really was a game changer. It didn’t exactly light up the forest, but we could at least see what we were doing at night. More importantly, having Inukami’s magic meant that we didn’t have to worry about food.

At that time, we were doing an experiment. Inukami’s hand was in the water by the shore, next to a spot that was illuminated by the fire. “Does this work?” she asked.

“I’m ready to flee anytime, senpai!” I called out. “Zap it up when you’re ready!”

“Zap it up? I wished you’d call it something else,” she said, “but anyway, here I go!”

She zapped the water, which brought a few fish belly-up to the surface. Inukami wasn’t happy that we were using her magic to catch fish, but I couldn’t be happier with the results of our experiment. We had a new way to catch food and I was ecstatic. It was way better than the hard, stale rations I had to eat the last time I came to the forest. The only thing good about it was that it didn’t expire, but now we had fish!

“I’m so glad you’re here with me, senpai!” I exclaimed.

“Crying and praise? That’s going a bit too far, don’t you think?” she said, glaring at me as I thankfully bit into the fish.

It probably seemed like I was overexaggerating, but I didn’t have to worry about fire or food, and we could even boil water to boot! With her by my side, this game of survival was simply too easy.

When we finished dinner, the sky was pitch-black. “It’s pretty dark, so you should probably get to sleep. I’ll watch the fire,” I suggested. Inukami was sitting in front of me.

“No, I can’t just leave all the surviving up to you. I’ll watch the fire,” she proposed.

“Let’s take turns. I’ll wake you up when I’m done, so you can sleep until then,” I said.

I was too tired to watch the fire all night. We still had to survive, and the last thing we should do was push ourselves too hard in the forest. I could have used healing magic to reduce our fatigue, but magic power wasn’t limitless and the day’s events had really taken a toll on me. If we wanted to do well tomorrow, we both needed a good night’s sleep.

“All right. I think I’ll take a nap, then. No funny business,” she said.

“I’d never,” I replied. She seemed pretty shocked.

She sure picked a weird time to make jokes.





* * *





After Inukami had gotten some sleep, I managed to wake her up for her turn.

Ten minutes later, she suddenly asked me a question. “Are you awake, Usato-kun?”

“What’s up?” I asked. I turned to Inukami to find her sitting on the ground with her arms around her knees. She was illuminated by the light of the fire.

“How did you feel when you were summoned to this world?” she inquired.

I didn’t know what she was getting at. Maybe it was just a random question, or maybe something was on her mind. She could have even felt guilty that I was accidentally dragged into the hero summoning.

“How did I feel? Well, let me see . . . the captain’s training was tough and every day I had to see the trainees’ ugly faces. More importantly, we’ll have to fight the Demon Lord’s army. It still doesn’t feel real,” I said.

“Do you want to go home?” she asked.

“Hmm, I’m not sure,” I answered.

I wanted to go home, but at the same time I didn’t. There was a part of me that didn’t want to let go of my new abilities—of the healing magic—that I had acquired. But more importantly, I didn’t want to leave any of the people I had met in this world. I hadn’t been here for long, but my experiences were greater than I’d ever imagined. But that didn’t change the fact that I was worried about my family.

I was still trying to make up my mind when Inukami replied.

“As for me . . . I don’t want to go home,” she said, sounding nervous.

I didn’t know if there was a deeper meaning to her words.

“Do you want me to ask why?” I asked.

“I do,” she said.

She sure was blunt when she wanted to be.

I sighed. “I think I can imagine why you don’t want to go home. You like this world better than Earth, plain and simple. Is that right?” I asked.

“Yeah,” she replied.





Inukami was happier and more energetic after she came to this world. She was like a completely different person than the one I imagined her to be back home.

“I don’t feel attached to Earth. My friends and family. . . they’re just transient things that I’ve already abandoned. I plan to stay in this world. I’ve been waiting for a chance like this all my life . . . for a chance to finally be free,” she explained.

The old Inukami was perfect—the girl who was out of everyone’s league. But that perfection was nothing more than a mask that she had abandoned, or at least, that was how I understood it.

“I was overjoyed when I first came here—you two being here was a bonus. Nothing in this world ties me down. I wouldn’t trade this freedom for anything,” she stated.

I knew that she was happy, but I didn’t know that she had decided to never go back.

“If you don’t want to go home, sounds like staying here is for the best,” I said.

She seemed confused. “What?”

“Why are you looking at me like that? Did you really think you were going to disappoint me if you stayed here or something?” I asked.

“Well, no . . . I just wouldn’t be surprised if you were,” she responded.

“I’ve always loved fantasy worlds. I just don’t have as much baggage as you,” I replied. I sat up and looked at Inukami, whose eyes almost seemed to be trembling.

“I’ve always wanted to change who I am . . . for the days of monotony to be turned on their head. I’m just like you, senpai,” I said.

“Usato-kun . . .” she murmured. She sounded weak, which was very unlike her. The Suzune Inukami I knew was a more dignified girl.

“It’s like I said back at the training grounds. I don’t want to slow you and Kazuki down,” I said.

“Right . . .” she replied.

“Back then, my plan was to just plow through my training. But I’m a member of the rescue team now. I’ve vowed to protect you and Kazuki, and even the people of this country. Do you have a mission, senpai?” I asked.

“I want to protect this country as a hero . . . no, just as myself. I want to protect the place I belong,” she said.

“So you, me, and Kazuki . . . let’s save the people of Llinger Kingdom together. Regardless of what happened on Earth, let’s save the kingdom to protect the place we belong,” I proposed.

Inukami and Kazuki would fight as heroes, and I would heal soldiers as a member of the rescue team. To me, that was ideal.

“You’ve gotten a lot stronger,” she said.

“And you’ve become more open,” I said. “I absolutely adored you back on Earth.”

“Well, that’s certainly honest. You can adore me more if you like,” she quipped.

“You were a picture-perfect senpai back on Earth. You changed after you came here. You even said it yourself,” I noted.

She laughed. “I can’t deny that. But you know, I’d rather be close to you than be adored from afar,” she murmured.

There seemed to be a lot of depth to her words.

She smiled calmly at me, but it made me feel a bit bashful.

I quickly lay down to escape from her gaze.

“It’s bedtime. Good night,” I said.

“Hm? Did I make you feel shy?” she asked.

I just as quickly turned my back to the fire.

If I spoke anymore, I’d be too embarrassed to sleep.

As I began to doze off, I heard Inukami giggle as she murmured one last thing.

“I’m really glad we got to talk. Good night, Usato-kun.”





* * *





The next morning, Inukami and I started walking to try and escape the forest. I vaguely recalled which direction Rose and I took the last time I was here, so I was pretty confident that we were headed the right way.

“By the way, can Blurin track us by our scents?” Inukami asked.

“He could have . . . but then we fell into that river, unfortunately,” I explained.

I just hope that glutton isn’t eating the guards out of house and home.

We were walking slowly down the path. There were two reasons for this.

The first reason was to tread quietly. We wanted to avoid getting noticed by monsters at all costs. Kukuru wasn’t with me this time, so there was no way to know if there were monsters around.

The second reason was to remember where we were going. Since the forest was filled with tall trees, rushing ahead would only make us totally lost. To avoid that, it was vital to take note as we moved through our surroundings. I’d learned this from the books that Rose had forced me to read.

Several hours had passed since we started walking the path, but there was still no exit in sight. Suddenly, Inukami spotted something flying through the trees above us.

“Usato-kun, up there!” she said.

I could tell something was wrong.

When I looked up, I saw a group of small monsters that looked just like monkeys. Their fur was a dangerous shade of green.

They must be . . .

“Venom monkeys,” I said.

“You’ve seen them before?” Inukami asked in a panic.

“Only in books. This is the first time I’m seeing them in real life,” I answered.

