Prologue





It was a dismal rainy day.

Raindrops pattered loudly against the ground as they descended from the sky. I stared vacantly at the crowded entrance, annoyed by the relentless sound of the rain.

The downpour had suddenly started in the afternoon. I didn’t have an umbrella on me—especially after forgetting to check the weather that morning—but I did keep a foldable umbrella at school in case of sudden rainy days like today. I walked over to the umbrella stand to go get it.

“It’s gone,” I stated flatly.

It was supposed to be there, but it wasn’t. Somebody probably took it. My conspicuous black umbrella was there in the morning, but it had seemingly vanished.

“Just my luck,” I grumbled.

I probably should’ve been angry, but I wasn’t in the slightest. I simply stood there slowly looking up at the raindrops that continued to fall from the roof of the school’s entryway. I don’t know whether it was the dampness in the air or the feeling that night was approaching, but for some reason that rainy day made me want to reexamine my life.

“School again tomorrow. Sure wish we had the day off,” I mumbled under my breath.

I was a regular student at school. I had my fair share of friends, decent grades, and I wasn’t too bad at sports. If someone asked me to list my strengths and weaknesses, nothing would come to mind right away, and I didn’t have any hobbies to speak of.

My name’s Ken Usato. Unlike my last name, Usato, which is admittedly pretty unusual, my existence can be summed up by my first name: Ken, the blandest name in existence. Everyone—including me—knows I’m nothing special.

I’m ordinary and I’m okay with it, but I was still far from satisfied with my life. Nothing was holding me back in particular, so I doubted that anyone would understand why I was so discontented. I was unsatisfied on a more fundamental level. The problem was that . . .





I’ve always admired the supernatural—the faraway world of fantasy.





I wanted drastic changes that would shake up my everyday life. It didn’t matter how it happened. I just wanted to break away from the status quo and do something that was different from the norm—to bid farewell to the ordinary Usato, who could only respond with a wry smile when people said that I was unremarkable, but still “such a nice guy.”

Sigh.

But opportunities like that don’t come around every day. I couldn’t escape my reality, and worlds of fiction and fantasy were far out of my reach.

People don’t change as easily as they do in manga or anime. They never change unless a dramatic event changes the course of their lives, and I was no different. I was doomed to take that ordinary life to my grave, whereas the perfect world in my head was anything but realistic.

But no matter how much I whined about life, reality wasn’t going to change. I was ordinary through and through, so I had completely given up hope.

“What am I thinking?” I asked myself.

Was I that far down the rabbit hole? How embarrassing.

I leaned back against the wall of the school’s entryway and sighed. Most of the students had already gone home. My breathing and the heavy rain were the only sounds I could hear.

“Guess I’ll stay here for a while. Don’t wanna get wet,” I whispered.

I stood alone at the school’s entryway and kept watching the rain. There was no rush to go home, so I wasn’t going to force myself to brave the harsh weather.

“How is it still raining?!” I asked, still talking to myself.

Even after an hour of waiting, the rain showed no sign of stopping.

It was just past 5:30 p.m. and students from various clubs had started packing up to go home. At this rate, it seemed that I had no choice but to head out in the dark and return home soaking wet.

I contemplated “borrowing” one of the items that were left in the umbrella stand, but I ultimately decided against it. I didn’t want the guilt and the trouble that would inevitably come with that decision. As fed up as I was, I was too chicken to do it and decided to wait a bit longer.

“If it gets any darker, I’ll . . . huh?” I faltered.

I was standing there alone when two students—a male and a female—appeared in the school’s entryway. The most succinct way to describe them would be to call them a “good-looking pair.”

The boy was Kazuki Ryusen—a classmate of mine. His name looked cool in katakana, but it was even cooler in kanji. He was tall and handsome and pretty close to perfect. A popular protagonist-type whose looks could put any virtual boyfriend to shame. His good looks and personality mesmerized all the girls at school.

Not only that, but he was also the vice president of the student council. He was an almost supernatural being whose backstory couldn’t be any more perfect. Honestly, I’ve always wanted to see him randomly blow up in class.

Oh shit, he’s looking right at me.

“Hey,” the girl said.

“What’s wrong, Inukami-senpai?” Ryusen responded.

“He . . .”

Suzune Inukami was the one who’d noticed me. She was an upperclassman in her third year, and the current president of the student council—a beautiful girl whose black hair framed her dignified face. She was a star pupil and athlete whose wit and beauty would make any fictional character blush. All the boys admired her. She even remained popular among the uppity girls on the student council.

Honestly, she was way out of my league. Not that it mattered, though, since I’d heard rumors that she and Ryusen were dating. In any case, she had seen me standing despondently by the shoe cubbies. Together they approached me.

“You don’t have an umbrella?” she asked.

“Um, well . . . no, I don’t,” I responded.

“I see. I guess you were waiting for the rain to let up, huh? Looks like school’s about to close.”

Is it that late already?

I peered outside as I checked the time on my cell phone. I considered asking my parents to pick me up, but I knew they couldn’t make it since they both had to work. After telling Inukami about my predicament, she frowned and crossed her arms.

“Sending a student home sopping wet would sully the student council’s reputation,” she stated.

“Senpai, I’ll lend him my umbrella,” Ryusen said.

He told me that it was foldable and then kindly handed it over. Now I understood. All the girls liked him because he was genuinely nice.

This was my first time talking to him since we became classmates. Despite this, simply talking to him felt like a breath of fresh air. I was also kind of touched that he happened to remember my name.

“Thanks, Ryusen-kun.”

“Hey, we’re in the same class, aren’t we? Calling me by my last name is, I don’t know, too formal. You can call me Kazuki. Should I call you Usato? Or Ken?”

“Usato works.”

There were already so many Kens at school and we didn’t need another. Besides, I was personally a fan of the name Usato and would much rather be called that over “Ken.”

But really, I never thought I’d see the day when the coolest guy in school would know my name! That basically means we’re already friends! All the girls are gonna look at me with hearts (daggers) in their eyes tomorrow when they see us together.

“Does that mean I can call you Usato-kun too?” asked Inukami.

“Uh . . . s-sure!”

It wasn’t only the girls, now I also had to worry about the envious stares from all the guys at school. The most beautiful girl in school was calling me by my name! I could die a happy man.

Man, here I was thinking what a rotten day this was but it’s actually the opposite. Now I’m friends with the most popular students in school! A real once in a lifetime opportunity. Rain is the best. I say keep it coming!

I was busy apologizing in my head to the rain.

“Well then, what do you say we head home?” said Kazuki. He invited me to tag along.

Kazuki seemed a little more excited than normal, possibly because we’d just become friends. At first, I was worried that he liked me in that kind of way, but I soon realized that he was simply happy to have another guy to hang out with. I cursed myself for having doubted him and apologized to him in my head.

Inukami didn’t seem to mind that I was there, so we all left school together.

“Have you thought about what you want to do after you graduate, Usato-kun?” Inukami asked abruptly.

I gave her a vague answer. “Not really, I’m only a second-year after all.”

“You asked me the same thing the other day, senpai,” Kazuki noted.

“Heh. That’s because I don’t have any plans. I can’t help but wonder what other people want to do.”

The sounds of rushing rain and our footsteps echoed around us. I thought about how peaceful it sounded.

Talking to them felt strangely reassuring. Were those two giving off real-life good vibes? Talking to my friends felt totally different. My friends were always so insufferable, yet I felt somewhat refreshed talking to Inukami and Kazuki.

As I basked in that feeling, I decided to ask Inukami a question.

“Do you know what you want to do after you graduate? Since you’re a third-year and all.”

“Nope.”

“Aren’t you cutting it kinda close?”

It might have been rude, but it was honestly what I was thinking. Inukami was already a third-year and graduation wasn’t far off.

She smiled wryly in response. There was something very masochistic about it. The smile didn’t look right, especially not on the distinguished face of the student president who was idolized by all the students.

“Yeah, but I don’t know what I want to do with my life. Once I set a goal, I achieve it immediately. It makes me feel like I don’t belong here or something.”

“You’re so talented, senpai,” I marveled.

“Seriously,” said Kazuki.

The impression I had of her was that she can play sports and study hard—that she could do anything. Yet here she was worried about something that I never worried about. The things we worried about may have been different, but I was sure we were both worried about something, nonetheless.

“Oh, I didn’t mean for that to come off as arrogant or anything,” she quickly interjected.

Kazuki and I looked at each other and smiled, as if to say, “Don’t worry, we know.”

Inukami’s cheeks turned bright red. She turned away as if she was angry at something.

“By the way, is it true that you two are . . . dating?” I asked.

“What? Um, no. Me . . . with senpai? No way,” answered Kazuki.

“What he said. People often mistake us for a couple, but that’s only because we work together for the student council.”

Wait, really?

As someone who also thought they were dating, I was speechless.

“You’re kidding,” I said.

“Why would I joke about that? Senpai and I are just friends.” He smiled wryly.

I stared at him with a dumbfounded expression.

The rumor was totally false.

But the truth was that Kazuki was much friendlier than I’d ever thought. He would make the same uneasy, wry smile whenever he talked to a girl from our class. My friends and I used to glare and call him a stupid normie because we were jealous, but I didn’t see him that way anymore.

I told him that I used to think he was hard to approach.

“Looks who’s talking,” he said, flashing another wry smile.

I only talked to a few friends at school, so maybe I really was hard to approach. Still, knowing that people thought that didn’t make me feel good. We kept walking, talking about whatever was on our minds, when suddenly Kazuki and Inukami froze in place.

I stopped a step later and turned around to see what was happening. They were both cupping their ears with their hands as if they were trying to hear something more clearly.

“Hey, what’s wrong?” I asked.

“Usato, did you hear that just now? There was a ringing sound,” Kazuki asked me.

“I didn’t hear it,” I said.

“I heard it too. Was that . . . the sound of a bell?” asked Inukami.

But there were no buildings around us that had any bells.

I was the only one who couldn’t hear it. I felt a little left out.

“Are you okay?” I started to take a step toward them. I was curious as to what might have happened.

But the moment I took a step toward them, geometrical shapes suddenly floated up to our feet—no, to the concrete below us. Working at the speed of light, the few gray cells I had in my gamer brain translated these shapes into words.

“Is this . . . a magic circle?” I inquired.

There’s no way that magic circles exist. Not in a world where science rules!

I watched the situation unfold around me. I was so panicked that it actually had the opposite effect, and I began to feel calm. The light from the magic circle on the ground flickered.

Leaving an ordinary world.

Switching to fantasy.

Walking a different path in life.

Starting a heart-pounding adventure.

These thoughts spun around in my head.

“Kazuki! W-What do you think of other worlds?” I shouted.

“What? What’re you talking about, Usato?! And what’s going on? Is this a prank show or something?!”

Crap. It was too early for him to understand what I’d meant.

I felt optimistic, at first. But seeing Kazuki panic made me realize the gravity of the situation.

“Usato! Do other worlds have magic and monsters . . . and heroes?!” Inukami shouted with a calm smile on her face.

Inukami is surprisingly nerdy, like me!

She must read light novels.

I heard they’re dirty!

Feeling calmed by her words, I responded.

“I feel like you and I are going to be really good friends, Inukami!”





While all this was happening, the magic circle shone so bright it was blinding.

I closed my eyes at the overwhelming light and started feeling nauseous and dizzy. Then I lost consciousness.





Chapter 1: Dragged into Another World!





Halfway conscious, I felt the cold floor beneath me. I opened my eyes.

“Huh? Where am I?” I whispered.

I found myself in a spacious, luxurious hall.

There was a bearded man sitting in a large chair in front of me, surrounded by a good number of elderly men. It was impossible to comprehend what was going on since I was still half-conscious. When I focused a little more on the bearded man, I realized that he was sitting on some sort of throne. He was clad in lavish, foreign clothes and wearing a crown.

The old men behind him are dressed like royal attendants from my RPGs!

As my eyes shifted from the old men to my other surroundings, a group of different men came into view. Adorned in armor and Western-looking swords, the men appeared to be soldiers standing in a line side by side.

“Hey. Are you okay, Usato?” asked Kazuki. He was seated next to me and had an apprehensive look in his eyes.

Thank goodness the three of us didn’t get separated. If Kazuki’s here, that probably means that senpai’s close by.

“Kazuki . . . what happened?” I asked, surveying the room. I discovered that Inukami was sitting beside me and had already waken up.

Sleepy-eyed senpai is so sexy!

I was merely avoiding reality by filling my head with pervy thoughts.

“I’m not sure. All I know is that when I woke up, I was surrounded by people who were wearing weird clothes.”

“Gotcha. Are you okay, senpai?”

“Oh, no need to worry. I am completely unharmed.”

The man in the crown noticed that we were awake and was staring right at us. His solemn gaze was a little intimidating.

“It appears they have awoken,” he said.

The man looked incredibly important, so I couldn’t imagine what he could have wanted from students like us. With my head still in a daze, I slowly looked around the room to get a grasp on the situation. Kazuki cautiously turned to the man in the crown.

“Who the hell’re all of you?” Kazuki said.

The kingly figure’s guards weren’t pleased with his presumptuous tone. “You cur! How dare you disrespect His Majesty!” they shouted. But the kingly figure quieted his attendants with a wave of his hand.

“No matter. Saying such things is only natural when you suddenly find yourself in a place like this. Do not look down on them, Sergio.”

“B-But . . . understood,” Sergio replied.

“Pardon him. He is quite stubborn,” remarked the crowned figure.

“Y-Yes, your majesty . . .” Sergio admitted.

“My name is Lloyd Vulgast Llinger, king of Llinger Kingdom.”

Llinger Kingdom . . . nope, never heard of that country before. Not that I know the name of every country in the world, anyway.

“Allow me to speak frankly. You have been summoned to Llinger Kingdom to serve as our heroes,” said the king.

“Did you just say heroes?” asked Kazuki in disbelief.

Just then, I heard someone next to me whisper “I knew it!”

I’m just gonna believe senpai didn’t say that just now. Senpai, please don’t destroy your image as a cold-hearted queen any more than you already have! Kazuki’s being serious, so calm yourself down!

“Indeed. In this world, the Demon Lord, the being who reigns supreme over all demons, has been resurrected. He commands an army that is quickly recruiting soldiers across the land. Two years ago, the people of Llinger Kingdom took part in a battle that they knew would likely cost them their lives. Although we fought with great vigor, we barely survived against the Demon Lord’s powerful forces.”

“D-Demon Lord?” Kazuki stammered.

“At the end of that frantic struggle, we somehow managed to drive their forces away. However, there is no telling when they might strike next. Therefore, we had no choice but to turn to our last resort—to use forbidden techniques and summon otherworldly beings capable of vanquishing the Demon Lord.”

Senpai, I know you’re hyped, but now’s not the time to be happily slapping your legs! My image of you is crumbling—no, it’s crumbled. Now it’s just a pile of dust.

“We’re ‘capable’?” Inukami muttered.

“The magic circle summons those who are capable of being heroes and transports them to our world. When you were being summoned, did you not hear the sound of a bell?”

“So that’s what that sound was. But that means Usato—” Kazuki turned to me. He looked like he felt sorry for me.

It was a ringing sound that only those who are capable can hear. In other words, I couldn’t hear it, so I wasn’t capable.

“Was I . . . brought here by accident?” I inquired.

It was the only reasonable conclusion.

It’s okay, guys. I don’t mind! Plus, I’ve got plenty of redeeming qualities. I reaaally hate losing and I’ll never give up!

Inukami and Kazuki stared at me with perplexed looks on their faces. From that alone, I could tell that I didn’t belong in this world. Knowing that I was sent here by accident felt like it was going to shatter my heart. The king noticed that I was holding my chest in pain and gravely closed his eyes.

Oh no. They’re gonna get rid of me because I can’t help them, aren’t they? Why am I the only one who has to play on hard mode?!

“Indeed, you were caught up in the summoning,” the king said. “As much as we would like to send you home, an otherworldly summoning is a one-way operation. We can bring outsiders here, but we cannot send them back. That goes for you two as well.”

Hey, this king seems pretty nice. Actually, never mind. Hero summoning or not, I can’t rush to conclusions about a guy who selfishly drags heroes into his own mess.

But I began to tell him that there were no hard feelings, anyway. “Don’t worry ab—”

“This is bullshit!” shouted Kazuki, cutting me off. In response to Kazuki’s anger, the soldiers reached for the swords on their hips.

H-Hold up! I get that you’re angry, Kazuki, but keep it cool, will ya?! Don’t provoke the soldiers unless you wanna get killed!

Kazuki continued. “What’s supposed to happen to us?! I’ve got a family back home! And so does senpai and Usato!”

“I truly am sorry,” the king said solemnly, “but we were desperate.”

Kazuki clenched his fist and took a step toward the king. We had just become friends, but I began to see what a great guy Kazuki was. Here he was fighting for us, and there I was, such a screwball that I couldn’t even get serious.

“Calm down, Kazuki,” I said. “Lashing out won’t help us.”

“Hmph. If you say so, Usato.”

My words seemed to affect him more than I’d thought.

The king stood up, then descended from his throne and approached us. He bowed deeply, remorsefully. “I understand it was selfish, but I promise you that I will find a way to send you back home. Until then, I beg you . . . please lend us your power.”

As this bizarre scene played out, Kazuki quickly calmed down. He heaved a hopeless sigh and bowed to the king. “I apologize for the outburst. Please tell us everything. We’ll take it from there.”

“We are grateful for your forgiveness,” said the king.

Kazuki turned to me and Inukami and nodded. Giving a thumbs up, Inukami flashed a smile that was more invigorated than I’d ever seen her at school. She was definitely having the most fun out of all of us.





* * *





In the end, Kazuki accepted the king’s mission.

Kazuki was originally going to refuse, but he reluctantly accepted when he heard of the terrible conditions that were brought on by the Demon Lord’s resurrection. Inukami didn’t particularly object to his decision either. Actually, it felt like she was more than ready to go . . . though I had no idea why. As for me? I said that I’d let Kazuki decide—partly because this was entertaining, and partly because they were the only reason I was here in the first place.

A kingdom mage named Welcie had led us out of the grand hall into an old, musty room.

“Now then, Kazuki-sama, Suzune-sama, Usato-sama,” said Welcie, “we would like to measure your magical aptitude with this crystal ball.”

According to Welcie, simply touching the crystal ball enshrined at the center of the room would show us our “aptitude.” In other words, it would tell us what type of magic we’d wield. Apparently, there were many types of magic, with the most traditional being fire, water, lightning, and the like. But there were many other types too, such as teleportation and illusion magic, which only certain races had the ability to use.

I had a hard time believing all this was real. However, I thought that if I could really use magic, I’d want magic that would help me support Inukami and Kazuki. I tested my luck and asked if Welcie could measure my aptitude, too. Even though she instantly approved my request, I knew I’d be super nervous to see what would happen.

“All right, Kazuki-sama, please touch the crystal ball,” said Welcie.

I was daydreaming, wondering what ability I’d get as I waited in line, when suddenly I heard Welcie yelp in excitement. I quickly glanced at the crystal ball. It was giving off a white glow under Kazuki’s hand.

“Well, if it isn’t a true sign of a hero!” Welcie said joyfully.

All this hero stuff makes me feel so left out! Every time I hear the word “hero” my brain feels like a wet tissue that’s about to be ripped. Wait, what’s this? Kazuki doesn’t seem too thrilled.

“What’s wrong, Kazuki?” I asked.

“I mean, light? What’s so good about that? Do I fight enemies by shining a light in their eyes? What’s the point?” he lamented.

“Just shoot ’em with your laser beam, Kazuki-kun!” Inukami exclaimed. “Or use a lightsaber to—”

“Senpai, you shouldn’t joke around like that,” I said.

This girl is nuts. Bring her to another world and she becomes a total weirdo.

“You’re so mean, Usato-kun! But ya know . . . I kinda like it,” Inukami said.

Okay, that’s just plain creepy. Whoever said she’s the prettiest girl in school must be crazy! Oh, wait. That was me.

“No, no, no, you don’t understand! Light magic is incredible!” said Welcie. “A truly rare affinity that can only be used by very few people. It boasts unrivaled power in demon battles—the greatest attribute of all!”

“O-Oh, I see,” said Kazuki, feeling slightly weirded out by Welcie’s enthusiastic explanation. Unable to watch Kazuki any longer, Inukami butted in.

“Can you check what kind of magic I can use next, Welcie?”

“Oh, yes. Certainly. Now then. Please touch the crystal ball like Kazuki-sama did.”

Inukami placed her hand on the crystal ball just as Welcie had said.

“Suzune-sama is yellow, meaning that you have an aptitude for lightning magic! You can store just as much magic power as Kazuki-sama!”

“Lightning, huh? Heh heh heh . . .”

So long as senpai’s happy, that’s all that counts. But even so, lightning? What an affinity. One that every boy admires at least once in their life.

Then the time came—I was up next. I felt a little excited as I drew near the crystal ball, wondering what kind of magic I could possibly use.

“All right, Usato-sama. Please hold out your hand,” Welcie said.

“Okay.”

I nervously placed my hand on the crystal ball and waited to see what would happen. After a few seconds, the crystal ball turned a slightly transparent shade of green. It was certainly clearer than Kazuki and Inukami’s, but the color looked nothing like theirs. It was a color that was easy on the eyes.

Welcie suddenly let out another yelp.

“Um, Welcie?” I stuttered.

Why is she examining the crystal ball up close?

Inukami and Kazuki were also staring at the crystal ball.

“What a beautiful color. It’s almost like an emerald green,” remarked Inukami.

“Yeah. Mine didn’t even have a color—just a flash of light and that’s it,” added Kazuki.

Welcie had told us that the clearness represents the depth of one’s magic power and that the color represents their affinity.

It’s kinda clear, so I think it’s pretty good? Maybe?

“Does it mean that you control plants? Hey, wait. Is something wrong, Welcie? You’re white as a ghost.”

“M-Must . . . tell them . . .”

“Pardon?”

Why did Welcie grab my hand?!

“I must tell themmmmm!!!”

She ran out of the room, keeping an iron grip on my hand.

Uh, why? What happened? Did I do something wrong?

We ran back to the great hall where the king was seated. Welcie dragged me before him as I struggled to catch my breath. I hadn’t held hands with a girl since the first grade, but this felt somewhat different. If I’m not mistaken, holding hands isn’t supposed to involve running full speed out of fear.

“Your Majesty!”

“What is the matter, Welcie? Have you learned their aptitudes? My word, is that Usato? Where are the others?”

“Kazuki-sama and Suzune-sama have incredible potential. It’s just that . . .”

“So? Just because Usato was sent here by accident does not mean we shall ignore his wishes.”

This guy’s too nice to be king.

“It’s not that, your majesty! I am fully aware of that. It’s his aptitude. It’s . . .”

“Whatever could it be? Don’t tell me he has the power to control darkness, now does he? Yeah right!” bellowed the king. The king and his men broke out in laughter, but Welcie didn’t smile at all. The serious look on her face made me even more nervous.

“The boy . . . is a healer.”

“What?! What did you say?”

The laughter suddenly stopped.

“The crystal ball turned green, meaning that he is capable of using healing magic.”

Healing . . . magic? What, so I can cure people? That’s it?

Silence filled the room.

Why is everyone so quiet? Wait . . . is this m-magic really weak?! Is it so bad that it’s not even funny?! I have the power to treat injuries, right? Then why does it feel like we’re at a funeral?!

The king looked at me and cleared his throat.

“Having an aptitude for healing magic is unheard of. The ordinary mage can administer basic first aid, but there are very few healers in this country who can heal deeper wounds,” said the king with a mix of glee and bewilderment.

“Is that a bad thing?”

“N-No, not at all! You see it’s, um . . . w-well, why don’t you go to the infirmary in the castle town tomorrow?”

I knew this would happen! Now I’m just scared. What are these people hiding from me?

“You really should, Sir Usato!” The people around me chimed in to agree. “Indeed!”

“What a wonderful development. You simply must go to the infirmary, Usato-sama!”

Welcie’s hand started sweating, and it was getting worse by the second.

All of them sounded desperate. It was almost as if they were begging me to go.

“Wait, I thought you said there were other mages who could heal in the kingdom?” I said.

“Listen, those two are fine but that woman is no good! No good at all!” the king replied.

Who is this “woman”? And why is the king so afraid of her?

Everyone was nodding profusely, which made it clear that “this woman” was a force to be reckoned with. The moment I opened my mouth to tell the king I would go, a panicked soldier burst through the doorway into the great hall.

“Your Majesty! It’s Rose-sama! She’s here!”

“What?! Do not let her in the building! Especially not now!” the king said.

“Huh?! But . . .”

Wait. Who the heck is Rose?

The moment I heard her name, the men around begged me to hide, and to do it at once. I didn’t know if hiding would help me, but in any case, I couldn’t go anywhere because Welcie was still holding my hand.

You can let go of my hand now, Welcie . . . huh? Did you just say “I’m sorry”? Why are you apologizing to me?

I tried tearing free from Welcie’s hand as tears welled up in her eyes. Amid that struggle, the door to the great hall swung open.

“Your Majesty. No one told me the heroes were here.”

“Oh no . . .”

Welcie covered her mouth and quietly whispered, “she’s here.”

A beautiful green-haired woman entered the room. She may have been wearing a thick white robe that looked like a doctor’s coat, but the scar that sealed her right eye shut made it clear she was dangerous. She walked straight up to the throne and approached the king, who was now drenched in sweat.

“Why are you so surprised to see me? There somethin’ you don’t want me to know?”

“Of c-course not, Rose! Didn’t you take today off?”

The woman named Rose started glaring at me.

Ack. Who is this scary person? They don’t want her to know that I have an aptitude for healing, do they?

“Th-This boy is not a hero! As sad as it may be, our recklessness brought him here by mistake, the poor lad!” the king said frantically.

“You don’t say. Boy, what’s your name?”

“U-Usato.”

“Usato, eh? I’m Rose. Captain of the kingdom’s rescue team. At your service.”

Rescue . . . team? She saves lives? Looks more like she takes them!

I felt a droplet of sweat run down my face.

“Yes, yes, yes. Now you’ve met. Usato is quite tired so he should get some rest.”

“Makes sense. So, where’re the other heroes, Your Majesty?” she demanded.

“Oh, they’re right over—”

“Hey! Usato! Are you okay?!” Inukami asked.

Kazuki and Inukami had followed us into the room.

“You just took off, Welcie!” Kazuki announced.

The king glanced over at the two of them.

“There. There are the heroes.”

“Oh, nice and fearless, aren’t they?” Rose said.

Rose’s attention shifted to Kazuki and Inukami. The king was clearly relieved. I couldn’t blame him—I was also relieved to have escaped her piercing gaze.

“I’m okay, Kazuki.” I said.

“Whew, what was that all about? I don’t know what got into you, Welcie, but you really scared us back there. Especially after you looked all scared and dragged Usato out of the room when he made the crystal ball turn green.”

Crap. He said it.

At that moment I knew I was done for. I was once again hit with her piercing gaze.

“Did you just say . . . green?” Rose’s lips twisted into a smile.

The king looked as if he’d seen a ghost, and of course I looked the same. I was in grave danger for the first time in my life. Kazuki, the perpetrator of this crime, was standing close by. I know he didn’t mean to do it, but still . . . I wish he would’ve realized what was going on, at least.

Rose glared at me as my legs trembled with fear. She was eerily grinning as if I were her prey. She then turned to the king.

“All right, King Lloyd. I’m gonna borrow this runt for a while.”

“Welcie! Bring Usato to safety! He is an incredibly important guest in our country! Do not let her take him to that place!” the king ordered.

“To that place? You don’t mean . . .” Welcie began.

Welcie jumped out in front of me, wielding a staff. I hid behind her so I couldn’t see what was going on. When I moved to the side for visibility, Rose was already gone. Even Welcie uttered a bewildered, “W-Where are you?!”

Suddenly, I felt like I was floating. I was being held in someone’s arms! When I looked up, I saw that Rose was carrying me across the floor. I weighed a whole sixty kilograms and yet here she was, carrying me in one arm like it was nothing!

“Your Majesty, I’m gonna turn this kid into a proper healer and don’t you forget it!”

The king quickly stood up from his seat. “Wait! I beg you! I know you need a healer, but this boy was merely brought here by chance!” he shouted. But Rose was laughing too hard to hear the king’s plea. I had no idea what to do. Kazuki and Inukami looked just as perplexed.

Huh? What is this, a kidnapping?!

When I finally understood what was happening, it was too late. All I could do was avoid meeting the eyes of this woman who savagely smiled at me.





* * *





Usato-kun was taken away.

I calmed myself down for a moment, then turned my attention to King Lloyd.

“But Usato is an average guy who has nothing to do with this!” shouted Kazuki.

I also chimed in. “Where is Usato-kun going? And what did she mean when she said she’s going to ‘turn him into a healer’?”

Even if I wanted to run away and save him, it was sure to fail. First, I had to get all the information I could out of King Lloyd.

“Welcie, please explain the situation,” said King Lloyd, falling back into his seat with a thud. He was too exhausted to explain anything himself, so he asked her to do so in his place. This Rose lady must have really worn the king down.

“Yes, your majesty. Umm, you see . . .” started Welcie, taking a few steps toward us, “she is taking him to a place that houses the rescue team—not too far from here. It is managed by Captain Rose, along with her five assistants and two healers. The eight of them run the organization.”

“Are there only eight of them? Does that mean they’re shorthanded?”

Doesn’t it take a much bigger party to fight actual monsters?

“They have enough. Mages can use basic first aid, regardless of aptitude. Therefore, they can heal their own wounds and those of their allies. But graver injuries cannot be healed so quickly. In those cases, we need mages who have the same aptitude as Usato.”

So their real ability is to heal people who can’t heal them themselves, meaning that Usato-kun may be a very important healer to the kingdom.

“Why didn’t you want Rose to look after Usato-kun?”

“May I, Your Majesty?” asked Welcie.

“You may,” he said.

Seems pretty complicated.

“Rose-sama is a healing expert. It’s just, oh, how do I put it . . . the way she educates her subordinates is a little . . . eccentric.”

“Eccentric? In what way?” I asked.

“Well, I don’t know too many details, but I hear that she is quite strict. She tells her trainees that being in the rescue team means that they will have to stare death in the face, so she gives them grueling exercises that she claims will teach them techniques to survive the impossible. Most cannot handle such taxing training, so trainees are constantly running away. Originally, the kingdom’s knights and the rescue team were supposed to undergo Rose-sama’s training together, but the knights couldn’t endure it. Now only the rescue team trains under Rose-sama.”

“Your knights couldn’t take it? Is this Rose person freakishly strong?” I inquired.

King Lloyd rubbed his chin as if he were reliving a fond memory.

“Oh,” he answered, “she may be with the rescue team now, but before that she . . . well, we can talk about this later. In any case, the average knight is no match for Rose. When the Demon Lord’s army invaded, the rescue team saved a great number of lives. In fact, we couldn’t have staved them off without her assistance. As her successes confirm, her training methods are not mistaken. However . . .”

“Yes?” I asked.

Lloyd heaved a heavy sigh, staring into the distance.

“Completing that training comes at a price.”

The king clearly couldn’t catch a break, and I couldn’t help worrying about Usato-kun’s safety.





* * *





Rose brought me to a brick house that wasn’t too far from the castle.

By that time, the sky had already turned dark.

I entered the building at Rose’s request; it was pristine inside. Further into the house were hospital beds and things that I could have only imagined were medical supplies. I surveyed the room as I quietly marveled at how clean it was, and how much it resembled an infirmary.

“This is where you’ll live from now on,” Rose said.

“Huh?”

“Hey, guys! Say hi to the new kid! Come here!” Rose shouted.

At that moment, I heard footsteps run toward me from the back of the house. The first person who entered the room was a burly man. He stood up straight before Rose.

Um, what? This guy’s terrifying!

“Welcome home, Sister Rose!”

“Yo, Alec. Any messages while I was gone?”

“No messages as usual!”

“Oh, good.”

Men filled the room behind Alec. I grimaced as I looked at their faces.

Is this yet another world?

“I’m gonna be lookin’ after Usato from now on. So play nice with him, got it?”

“Yes, ma’am!” they shouted.

“Great!” she said.

Nothing about this is “great”!

Seeing as I was being uncharacteristically feisty, I looked at the five sinister-looking men who stood before me and genuinely worried about the future. At this point, I didn’t know if I would make it home alive. In fact, I feared that the house was a bandit’s hideout for a second and glanced at Rose out of fear.

“Hm? What’s up, Usato? Oh, right. Ya don’t know their names. Fellas, introductions.”

Yup, I’m pretty sure that this lady has no idea what I’m thinking. I genuinely doubt that she’s scared of these men. Oh, wait—she’s the team captain, so she’s just like them in a way. Now the scary-looking men are surrounding me. What are they doing? W-Wait, I’ll get down on all fours and apologize, just please let me live!

The tallest man of the bunch stepped forward. “The name’s Tong. I specialize in sterilization. At your service, new kid,” he said, his voice incredibly deep. He wore a twisted grin as sweat dripped down his face.

Sterilization? Yeah right! Only if it’s with a flamethrower, I bet!

After that, the other men introduced themselves one by one.

“I’m Mill. At your service, new kid.”

“I’m Alec. At your service, new kid.”

“I’m Gomul. At your service, new kid.”

“I’m Gurd. At your service, new kid.”

I started crying. “I-I’m s-sorry . . .”

Crying isn’t cool when you’re a second-year in high school, but in my defense I think just about anyone would cry in a situation like this. I was surrounded by scary-looking guys who’d cut off all escape routes and were coming at me with introductions from every direction. What was I—a sacrifice? Was I a sacrifice to them?!

Anybody who wouldn’t cry in this situation is nuts!

“Hey, knock it off! Quit scaring the new guy!” Rose shouted.

Tong let out a yelp of pain and was gone. Rose had kicked him across the room. Putting a hand to her head in frustration, she yelled at the other four men through clenched teeth.

Honestly, you scare me the most!

“As long as yer nice to him, I don’t care. Do I make myself clear?

“We were only tryna welcome him, Sister Rose!” said the stout man named Mill. I was downright in a state of shock.

This is what they call a warm welcome?!

Their warped view of hospitality sent shivers down my spine and I couldn’t hide it.

Rose punted Mill across the room too, then shifted her piercing gaze back to me.

“Oh, brother. Usato, these guys aren’t healers but they’re still my subordinates. Their main duty is to secure injured soldiers on the front lines. There are two others who can use healing magic, but unfortunately, they’re working somewhere else at the moment. That’s why I’m gonna teach you healing magic myself.”

“Huh?”

“That’s not a proper response.”

“Y-Yes, ma’am!”

“Good. We’ll start your training tomorrow. You can stay in . . . Tong’s room. It’s not being used, is it, Tong?”

Did my freedom just fly out the window?

“I’m the only one in my room.”

“Okay, good. Give him the lowdown. It’s late so get your asses to bed.”

“Yes, ma’am!” they shouted.

“Yes, ma’am . . .” I said.





“Follow me. I’ll show you to your room,” said Tong.

So, I did exactly that. The room was surprisingly . . . normal. It was clean, organized, and relatively minimalistic. I sat down on a bed, marveling at how different it was from my room back on Earth. I was surprised, to say the least. I figured there would at least be some chains and flamethrowers lying around.

“Hey, new kid,” Tong said suddenly.

I found myself shaking because I wasn’t expecting him to speak. “Yes, sir?” I answered, still trembling. He was incredibly tall, which made him rather intimidating.

“Don’t call me sir. No need to be formal ’round me.”

“Okay.”

Mustering the confidence to answer him was mentally draining.

Just then, Tong threw me some plain-looking clothes.

“Use these clothes when yer training. Ya got three outfits right there, so switch out the pants and shirts when you can. The bathroom’s just down the hallway. Any other questions and you’ll have to ask sister.”

“Th-Thanks.”

I’d been wearing my stuffy school uniform this whole time, so I was happy to have some regular clothes. I changed into my new clothes and put the old ones away where Tong had told me to put them.

Tong was already lying in bed, facing away from me.

What the hell. He’s not a brute. He’s just shy, isn’t he? Damn tsundere.

“Training kills so you’ll wanna sleep early. ’Specially yer healing training. Tomorrow’s gonna be hell.”

“H-Hell?”

“You can heal yer own wounds with that magic . . . if you catch my drift.”

Oh. Does that mean I’ll have to keep training even if I get injured?

I felt all the blood drain from my face. Because I could heal my own wounds, I doubted that Rose would let me rest. Even so, she was the head honcho. Before learning healing magic from her, I wanted to practice a little. I wasn’t there on my own volition, but if she was going to teach me healing magic anyway, being her apprentice didn’t sound like a bad idea.

“Can you teach me what ‘healing magic’ is all about?”

This was my chance. I was in another world where I could learn a technique that would give me extraordinary power. I didn’t know what the future would bring, but at the very least I wanted to enjoy the fantastical life I’d always dreamed of. Plus, if I completed this training, I could support Kazuki and Inukami.

“What? Tch. For Pete’s sake, listen up,” Tong barked. “Here’s the lowdown. If I’m being nice, I’d say healers are mages who are good at healing. But if I’m being blunt, I’d say they’re mages who don’t got no skills.”

“No . . . skills?”

“Yeah. They’re walking targets on the battlefield since offensive magic ain’t their thing. They were treated like trash in this country until a few years ago, but even now other countries still treat ’em like they’re useless.”

It made sense. I could see how healers would be targeted on the battlefield and treated like trash. Even I killed healers first in all my games.

“Hell, I used to think healers were small fries . . . until everything changed,” he went on.

“What changed?”

“I said too much. Goodnight.”

“Hey, no fair! Don’t leave me hanging!”

“Shut yer trap and go to sleep, dumbass!” yelled Tong. He slumped back into bed.

You don’t have to yell at me like that, you know.

Feeling shaken, I cried a little in bed as I prepared myself for my first day of training.





Chapter 2: The Beginning of Hell!





Rose told me to keep a diary, so I’m writing my first entry today. I can’t write in their language, but that’s a good thing—this means that everything I put in this journal will stay my little secret. This looks like the perfect place to log my daily gripes.





Day One





To kick off this diary, I’ll write about what happened today.

The “hellish training” Tong mentioned yesterday was surprisingly easy. First, I had to “feel” magic, which was pretty simple to do. It felt like something warm is welling up in my chest. Rose-san said that I’ll learn how to release magic from my body next time.

After I finished magic practice, it was time for me to study up on this world. I was sat at a desk and handed massive books. There was only one instruction from Rose-san: read. That was an especially ridiculous request from my teacher.

When I told her there’s no point in studying since I can’t read their language, she just yelled at me and said that everyone brought here by the hero summoning is gifted with automatic translating magic. And as it turns out . . . I can read after all. Magic is truly amazing.

According to my books, monsters are said to inhabit this world. It’s so on brand for a sent-to-another-world story that I practically squealed. But Rose-san punched me for that. It hurt like hell.

Another thing I learned while I was quietly reading is that there are a great number of races in this world—even races I’ve seen in video games! I also found out that there are many other countries besides Llinger Kingdom, but most of them are run by humans. How boring.

Rose-san silently watched me as I read those massive books. It’s the worst kind of peer pressure. But I mean, if this is what her training is like every day, I’m pretty sure I can do this. Though it does worry me that Tong always looks like he feels bad for me.

Oh well, I’ll just have to work hard again tomorrow.





Day Two





Ran like hell.





Day Three





Rose-san never lets me take breaks. All she does is heal me and make me run until I fall down from exhaustion.

This lady is seriously insane. She’s always telling me to “train my legs” because it “won’t kill me” and that I should feel magic while I’m running. I’m not really sure why. In any case, this isn’t exactly what I’d thought magic training would be.

When I told her that I’m not her damn slave, all she said was “Train like yer dying. If you kick the bucket, I’ll bring you back.” That dang lady won’t even let a guy rest when he’s dead! After that, I prostrated on the ground before Rose-san and begged her to save me.

“My legs feel like lead and I can’t go on any longer!” I cried. But all she did was slap my thigh without saying a word. I was so busy rolling on the ground in pain that I almost didn’t realize that my legs didn’t hurt anymore after that.

She said, “I healed your pain by force. Now get running, you waste of a human.”

How crazy is that?





Day Four





Today I trained with the other team members . . . but it was more like training on steroids. You’d think they were training troops, not a “rescue team” or whatever. All of them were shouting weird things like “Oorah!” while they ran as fast as they could. Naturally, I can’t keep up the pace.

When Rose-san saw me lagging behind, she yelled, “Hey, look who’s as slow as a snail!”

Please save me, Kazuki. I’m gonna die before I learn how to use healing magic.





Day Five





I almost think Kazuki received my telepathic SOS because today he and Inukami-senpai came to visit. Apparently, they’ve been training at the castle. One of their teachers is Welcie-san, the mage, and the other is Siglis-san, the army commander.

They said that Siglis-san is really strict but a good person at heart. It also seems that Celia, the king’s daughter, has been attending Kazuki’s lessons. I wonder what that’s all about. They asked me what I’ve been doing, and I simply told them I’ve been running. Kazuki didn’t seem convinced but Inukami-senpai gasped the moment she looked at my legs.

“Let me touch them,” she said. But she was breathing really heavily, so I just ignored her. They’re both working hard. I’ve gotta try to keep up.





Day Six





I ran again today.

When I was running, I noticed that a pale green light was emanating from my hand. There was only one question on my mind: “Do I really need this right now?” Rose-san was being a cold-hearted, ruthless hag as usual (lol).

She can’t read what I’m writing, so I can talk all the smack I want.





Day Seven





Does that lady have ESP? Or maybe it was painted all over my face.

Well, for whatever reason, Rose held me captive and made me run until I thought I was dead. It was so bad that I thought I was losing my mind. She said she was miffed and plans to make my training harder.

What the hell? Curse that overpowered gorilla. One day I’ll get my revenge.





Day Eight





Me too dumb to learn anything.





Day Nine





I . . . need . . . healing. I . . . really . . . need healing.





Day Ten





I can tell that I’m growing mentally stronger. Ever since I learned how to release healing magic from my body, I can run all I want and never feel tired. Rose is making me lean and mean, though. To say her methods are strange is an understatement.

It has been ten days since I started training under Rose-san. When I first started, I worked hard because I wanted to learn magic and support Kazuki and Inukami-senpai. At this point, I can’t help but wonder something: Can an average guy like me really support them when their magic and talents are on a whole other level? I’m not so sure anymore.

I don’t want Rose-san to punch me if I tell her how I’m feeling, but at the same time I feel like I’m losing sight of my goal. On a brighter note, I’m training for the rescue team and I am here of my own volition.

Rose-san may have brought me here against my will, but there’s no way I’ll let myself run away now. I will complete her training. I’ll show her what I’m made of.

Now that I think about it, “Rose-san” is unwieldy.

I’ll just call her “Rose” from now on.





Day Eleven





A new training regimen started today. I had to do push-ups—one thousand of them. I healed myself as I breezed through the training. For some reason, Rose seemed satisfied with my progress. Maybe she was just smiling because something was stuck to my face.

I completed the training and was barely yelled at today. I’m honestly scared at how happy that makes me. It’s not normal to fist pump because I didn’t get yelled at, but that’s exactly what I did.





Day Twelve





I ran from morning to noon, then did push-ups until dusk. I don’t have much else to say, except that recently my body feels as light as a feather.





Day Thirteen





Rose noticed my progress and attached weights to my body. They weigh a ton. The kingdom guards look horrified when they see me, but I just keep looking straight ahead.





Day Fourteen





That asshole Tong ate my lunch!

He’s gonna pay.

I’ll get back at him later.

I also remembered that it’s been two weeks since I first started training. I’m somehow getting through it. Running doesn’t hurt anymore and I got used to the weights pretty quickly.



Wait. Am I being brainwashed or something?





* * *





More than three weeks had passed since Kazuki, Usato, and I were summoned to this world. Because I’d absorbed myself in training, I felt like I could fight well enough. But, then again, I’d never been in a real fight. I didn’t know if I could actually win.

On one particular morning, I had finished my training and had started eating lunch in a corner of the training area, under the shade of a tree with Kazuki.

“You’ve gotten a lot stronger, Kazuki-kun,” I said.

“I’m still nowhere near as strong as you, senpai,” he replied.

Kazuki wasn’t the only one growing at an almost inhuman speed. I was now strong enough to spar with the Llinger Kingdom’s strongest knight, Siglis, and the brilliant mage Welcie. On the one hand, I knew they were going easy on me. On the other hand, they were genuinely surprised by how fast I’d improved.

But deep down it simply wasn’t enough.

To me, the magic in this country simply wasn’t exciting enough. Throwing out some lightning bolts was enough to make the crowd go wild. Their cheers made Kazuki blush, but not me. I wanted to master long-range attacks that would send the battlefield reeling, to dish out lightning punches and other abnormal techniques.

“Guess I’ll just have to make them myself,” I said.

“Whatever do you mean?” a voice said in reply.

All I was thinking was: “Uh-oh. I didn’t mean to say that out loud.”

The girl who had spoken was none other than Celia Vulgast Llinger, the king’s golden-haired daughter. Even though she was the royal princess, she had been with us ever since Rose took Usato away.

Back then, King Lloyd had decided that bringing him back would be too hard. He assigned two teachers to Kazuki and me: One of them was Siglis, the army commander, and the other was Welcie, the kingdom mage who was known for her powerful spells. Along with our teachers, the king had also summoned his daughter, Celia, and had introduced her to us. We were all about the same age, so we’ve stuck together ever since.

Kazuki heaved a sigh.

He had just finished lunch and was gazing at the scenery outside the castle.

Hmm, judging by that listless stare, I bet he’s worrying about Usato.

“I wonder what Usato’s up to?” he asked.

Yup. So easy to read.

The last time we saw Usato he was being worked to the bone. At the time, I couldn’t tell if he was having trouble adjusting to life in this world or if rescue-team training was as demanding as it seemed.

“If you don’t mind me asking, what kind of person is Usato-sama?” asked Celia, seemingly curious about him.

Before I got to answer, Kazuki puffed out his chest and started talking.

“Hm? Oh! He’s a friend who came with us to this world, but we only became friends right before we were summoned.”

“Seeing how happy you are really does make me think that you have no other guys to hang out with.”

“Th-That’s not true!”

Kazuki insecurely muttered that he does, in fact, have friends, which made Celia giggle. But I knew the truth. The guys at school always kept their distance from Kazuki. Even if they’d only just become friends, Usato was an important friend to Kazuki, nonetheless.

“Where is he now?” Celia asked.

“The rescue team, I think? Yeah. He’s with them,” Kazuki replied.

“D-Did you just say the rescue team?!” she exclaimed.

“That’s where he is, right, senpai?” Kazuki said.

“Yeah,” I confirmed.

I had noticed something curious the last time I saw Usato. As someone who had mastered all sorts of sports back on Earth, I knew a lot about the human body, and I knew even more about muscles. But Usato’s arms were so built that they were unrecognizable. Even though he’d only trained for one week, his chest was already as buff as his arms.

If he’d have just let me feel his muscles, I would’ve known how built he was, but Usato refused ’cause he’s a big meanie. In any case, training so aggressively—and so suddenly—isn’t good for the body.

“I’m worried about him.” I murmured.

“Senpai?” Kazuki looked concerned.

“No, it’s nothing,” I said, quickly brushing him off. “Anyway, you were surprised when we mentioned the rescue team, Celia. Did something happen over there?”

“Well, you see, strange rumors about the rescue team have been spreading through the castle lately.”

“What kind of rumors?”

She must know what they are. Why else would she refuse to look us in the eyes after hearing he’s with the rescue team? Did something terrible happen to him?

“This is just hearsay,” Celia whispered, “but I hear that their training is so rigorous that all the members scream in agony, yet the new trainee powers through it without making a peep. I overheard the soldiers talking about it earlier.”

“Okay, now I’m really worried. Can we wrap up our training for today and go check on Usato-kun?” I said, my face hardening with concern.

“Yeah. I’ll go too.” Kazuki wore the same grimace and nodded.

Kazuki and I skipped our afternoon training and headed to the rescue team quarters with Celia. Having the princess leave the castle without a guard would be dangerous, so Siglis escorted us there.

The rescue team quarters stood amid lush, vibrant trees. There were no people in sight. It was a little eerie, since Usato wasn’t standing in front of the building like he had been when we’d visited the other day.

“Is Usato-sama here?” Celia asked.

“He’s supposed to be, but I don’t see him,” I said.

“Think he’s in the middle of afternoon training?” Kazuki wondered.

“Well, why don’t we find him? If we interrupt their training, we can simply go back to the castle. Siglis-san, won’t you lead the way?” I asked Siglis.

“As you wish. Follow me,” he answered.

Eager to quickly check on Usato, we followed Siglis through the lush trees to the rescue team training grounds. Celia’s eyes sparkled as she took in the outdoors. She was normally secluded in the castle and must have been excited by this change of scenery.

“Wow! This is incredible, Kazuki-sama!” she exclaimed.

“Celia-sama, you must stay close to me at all times,” Siglis reminded her.

“Oh Siglis, don’t be so overprotective!” she quipped.

She was the country’s princess, after all. I could understand why he was being overprotective. Siglis continued leading the way wearing a troubled expression.

“Sorry about all this, Siglis-san.”

“No need to apologize. I have matters to discuss with Rose, so it is no trouble at all. The training grounds are up ahead. I believe that is where Usato-sama will be,” Siglis said, pointing straight ahead.

“Okay!” Kazuki replied.

I had just been wondering how much Usato had improved since I last saw him when we stepped out of the woods. Siglis was pointing. I looked in that direction and saw a clearing about thirty meters wide. Usato was doing push-ups right in the middle of it. Kazuki and I should’ve shouted for joy as we stood side by side, but we didn’t. We were totally silent.

“What is the matter?” Celia asked. “What in the world is going on?!”

Huff! Huff! Huff! Huff! Huff!

Usato was doing push-ups . . . with a giant boulder on his back! It looked like it was about fifty kilograms. Usato was literally shouldering that boulder by himself. Sitting proudly on top of it was the rescue team captain, Rose!

“Yo. You’re slowin’ down, ya damn slug. Gonna give up just ’cause I gave you more weight?” Rose slyly remarked.

“Who the hell said . . . that I’m giving up?!” Usato hissed.

“Save your breath.” Rose said bluntly.

“Tch.” Usato was too annoyed to respond.

Did he just talk back to Rose? Is that really you in there, Usato? Is this the same boy we had fun banter with right before we were summoned? Where did that sweet Usato go?





“Oh? Did I just hear you say ‘tch,’ like yer angry or somethin’?” Rose mused.

“You’re so light I forgot you were there, Rose-san. It slipped out by accident.”

“Aww, I’m light. What a nice thing to say. If it’s that easy for you, why don’t we add summore weight?” Rose stepped onto the ground. Then she picked up an enormous cement block nearby and effortlessly chucked it onto Usato’s back.

The block fell on him with a thud, his arms shaking as his body sunk to the ground. Even so, he wouldn’t be bested; he gnashed his teeth together and continued doing push-ups. As Rose watched him do this, she broke into a satisfied grin.

“You know what? Yer really becoming my type of man. At this rate, I’ll be able to take ya there in no time. Hm? What’re you doing here?” Rose said, finally noticing us.

Did she just say he’s her type? Don’t tell me she’s forcing this grueling training on him to make him her ideal man.

We were all at a total loss. Instead of walking into a fantastical adventure, we had walked into an intense scene about training in martial arts. Kazuki rubbed his eyes in disbelief, wondering if what he’d seen was a dream. I was also dumbfounded myself.

Usato looked like an average high schooler, yet here he was doing push-ups. His eyes gleamed with anger. After seeing this, who wouldn’t want to run in fear? As this scene unfolded before us, army commander Siglis angrily walked toward Rose.

“Hey. What’s an old fart like you doing here, Siglis? Why’d you bring the heroes and the princess to my turf?” Rose asked casually.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Siglis fumed.

“Hm?” Rose seemed confused.

“I said, what the hell do you think you’re doing?!” Siglis shouted as he grabbed her by the collar. “Breaking the spirits of promising young men? You should be ashamed!”

I could understand why Siglis was angry. What she was subjecting Usato to wasn’t “training.” It was torture. As Siglis firmly grasped Rose’s collar, she reverted to a blank expression and then grabbed him by the arm. His armor crinkled loudly and twisted in her hand, but he held her collar tight without so much as glancing at the warping armor.

“Get your hands off me,” she said bluntly. “You gotta grand sense of chivalry, I get it. But don’t you dare try forcing that shit on me. I do things my own way, and this here’s my right-hand man. Wouldn’t be the case if he couldn’t clear these easy trials.”

“Right-hand . . . man?” Siglis looked confused.

“That’s right. This kid’s a diamond in the rough. He perseveres like a champ and never calls it quits. He’s got what it takes to clear my training. Already has my stamp of approval.”

My eyes met Rose’s and I backed away without thinking. She was looking in my direction, but she wasn’t really looking at me. She was focused on something else. All I knew was that her eyes were filled with contradiction.

“You swine! The king ordered us to reenlist you in the army, but I simply will not tolerate this behavior!” Siglis shouted.

“Hah! Can’t open my right eye, so couldn’t do it anyway.” Rose pointed to her right eye, which was permanently sealed shut.

Is she using the damage to her eye as an excuse to stay out of the army? From what I hear from King Lloyd and Welcie, they wouldn’t care about the injury since she has talent.

“Enough of this nonsense!” Siglis huffed. He walked toward us, looking worried. “Princess Celia, I must take my leave. Stay close to Kazuki-sama at all costs.”

“Huh? Huhhh?” the princess said in disbelief.

“I will return as soon as I have calmed down,” Siglis said.

After he uttered those parting words, Siglis disappeared into the woods. He seemed to have left to avoid fighting with Rose.

“Welp, there goes Siglis. Do the heroes or princess got any problems with my training?”

“They don’t care about that!” Usato shouted. “Yo, Rose. What happened just now?! Did you call me your ‘right-hand man’? Oh joy. I’m soooo happy. Here, let me give you a right-hand knuckle sandwich to show my appreciation. C’mon, what’s the hold up? If you want a right-hand man, then hurry up and stick out your face!”

“Not before I give you my own present first . . . but that’ll have to come later. These heroes came all this way so they must wanna talk. Take a break with them and eat lunch,” Rose said, shoving her right fist in Usato’s face.

The moment she looked at us she put down her fist. Her whole demeanor had changed. We watched her walk toward the quarters, then we approached Usato. He removed the weight on his back, put it on the ground, and stretched out.

“Are you okay?” I asked.

“Yeah, but who’s this?” Usato said, looking at Celia.

“My name is Celia Vulgast Llinger. Please call me Celia, Usato-sama.”

“Usato . . . sama? Aren’t you the king’s . . .”

“Yes, I am his daughter.”

Usato became a bit flustered. He probably wasn’t used to women adding a “-sama” to his name, which is exactly how Kazuki had felt the first few times it had happened to him. Celia asked Usato to treat her like an ordinary person, and he reluctantly acquiesced.

“So, what’s your training like, Kazuki? I can tell you’ve both gotten stronger,” Usato said.

No one said a word.

“Why so silent?” he asked.

I couldn’t tell him. I couldn’t tell him that our training was nowhere near as brutal as his. It wasn’t a walk in the park, but it was nothing compared to his.

Our training was designed to avoid putting unnecessary strain on our bodies—a carefully weaved, efficient plan that would improve our fighting expertise. In other words, it was the total opposite of Usato’s experience. His training was dangerous, made him do the impossible, and actively pushed him past his limits.

After hearing all the rumors and seeing Usato’s insane training regimen in person, one could safely assume that he had been training like this for the past three weeks. His profile didn’t look all that different, but I could tell that his body had gotten incredibly strong over the past three weeks.

Let’s take a peek.

I lifted up Usato’s shirt without thinking.

“You don’t mind, right, Usato-kun?”

“What? What are you doing Inukami senpaaahh?!”

I rolled up the shirt he was wearing as Celia’s cheeks turned bright red.

I see. He bruises his muscles through excessive training and then heals them with magic. That must be why he’s so built. On top of his incredible stamina, he also wields incredible strength. It’s almost like he’s superhuman.

“I really underestimated you, Usato-kun! Your muscles are stellar!” I exclaimed.

“Aren’t you a little too excited, Inukami-senpai?” Usato asked.

“Oh no, I mean, I’m just impressed that you’ve become this strong in such a short period of time.”

He had survived training that was grueling at best.

“Kazuki-sama, is Suzune-sama okay?” Celia asked innocently.

“Sorry, Celia,” Kazuki said, “but I have no idea.”

Usato peeled me off of him with both arms, seemingly irritated that I wouldn’t let go. As much as it pained me to leave his muscles, it was probably better that I stayed away.

“Whew. Anyway, I’m glad you two seem to be doing all right,” Usato said.

“You seem . . . like you’re doing well too, Usato,” Kazuki responded.

“Ha ha ha! That seems to be my only redeeming feature nowadays,” Usato answered. He cheerfully smiled and didn’t look tired at all.

“I guess we had no reason to worry after all.” Kazuki breathed a sigh of relief.

“Worry about what?” Usato asked. “Eh, never mind. Next time I wanna go visit you guys. I’d love to see what training’s like at the castle.” He looked far off toward the castle.

“He mustn’t,” Celia shuddered.

Celia didn’t want Usato to see the knights train since he was under the assumption that they trained as hard as he did. Seeing him would undoubtedly lower their morale.

“Is your training always like this, Usato?” asked Kazuki.

“Yeah.” Usato shyly scratched his head. “But today was a lot easier than usual.”

“That was the easy part?”

That’s terrifying. I wonder how this is affecting his mental health. I mean, he’s an average high schooler who had nothing to do with this world, but they dragged him here and now the rescue team is forcing him to complete cruel, demanding training. I’m sure he has his complaints.

“Aren’t you tired, Usato?” asked Kazuki.

I had been thinking the very same thing.

“Huh?” Usato seemed perplexed. After contemplating the question for a few brief seconds, Usato answered immediately. “I’m incredibly tired. When I first got here, all I wanted to do was escape.”

Kazuki followed up with a question. “Do you still feel that way now?”

Usato nodded, then opened up his right hand. We watched as beautiful green magic emerged from his palm.

“The captain’s scary as hell but I no longer feel like I want to escape. Healing magic might’ve put me through the ringer, but it’s the reason that this tiring training has become kinda fun. Plus, living here isn’t too much of a drag. The guys are too loud sometimes, but I deal with it,” said Usato, grinning wryly. His resilience was impressive.

“You’re amazing. Looks like you’ve finally found where you belong,” I said.

“I’m really not. I only powered through my training because I didn’t want to bother you on the battlefield, senpai,” Usato answered.

“You’d never bother us,” Kazuki protested.

It was hard to believe that he had actually disagreed with Usato. I’d never thought of Usato as a “bother,” but I could see how being accidentally dragged to this world could make him feel like a hindrance.

Or, at least, that’s how I thought he had felt. Instead, he only grinned in response.

“Nah, I’m just sticking it out because I’m stubborn. In the end, you’re the heroes who have to fight the Demon Lord’s army. No way am I gonna be the only one slacking off.”

“But you don’t have to fight the Demon Lord’s army, Usato,” Kazuki said.

“And I’m not ready to fight them. But even so, I can’t just stand here and do nothing. If I don’t work hard at something, it wouldn’t be fair to you both.”

Stubborn, huh? I see. Guess there’s nothing we can do about that. This is his decision and it isn’t our place—or anyone else’s—to try to change his mind.

“In that case, Usato-kun, if I’m ever in trouble, come save me, okay?” I teased.

“Um . . . How do you expect me to react when you suddenly act like a normal girl?”

“I am a normal girl! What else would I be?!”

“I certainly think it would be hard to classify you as a normal girl, Suzune-sama,” Celia added.

Not even Celia’s on my side.

Everyone—even Kazuki—laughed and the conversation came to a close.

Wait. That was fun? Why did I have to be the butt of the joke?!



A little while later, we were in the middle of a conversation when a full-grown man emerged from the woods. He was carrying a lunch box in one hand.

“Yo, Usato! Look at how nice I am, bringin’ you lunch!” the man said.

At that moment, a vein pulsated furiously in Usato’s forehead. I thought Usato was mild-mannered, so seeing him turn into a raging demon almost felt like a bad dream.

However, this wasn’t a dream, and reality wasn’t so kind.

“You got some nerve saying shit like that, blockhead!” Usato shouted. “Don’t have enough brains to remember the shit you pulled last week, do ya?!”

“Ugh! I dunno whut yer sayin’! Try speakin’ words a simple guy like me would know, dumbass!”

“If I make this any easier it’ll be like talkin’ to a baby! Oh, right! Must be because you got hot air for brains!”

“Damn punk! Can never let go of things, can ya?!”

“That’s rich coming from the guy who ate this ‘damn punk’s’ lunch!”

Usato suddenly closed the distance between them and kicked the tall, rugged man. The man safely parried the kick, the corners of his mouth trembling as he glared at Usato.

“The hell! What would you do if that hit me? I’m stronger than you by a longshot. I’ll mess you up before big sis even sees you!”

“Hah! Think you can? Bring it on!”

Usato and the stern-looking man started to scuffle. Kazuki was standing next to me. He looked troubled at first, but then started laughing out loud.

“So, this is what Usato’s daily life is like!”

“Yeah. He’s doing his best in this place,” I added.

Looks like I was worried for nothing. He’s surviving almost too well in this world, even better than us! But I think this place might be making him a little crazy.

“Listen, I can’t just stand here after that. Let’s go back to the castle and train!” Kazuki exclaimed. Watching Usato train must have made him feel antsy to jump back into action.

“Oh my! Please slow down, Sir Kazuki!” cried Celia, chasing after him.

I watched them run away, then looked back at Usato once more.

He might say that being dragged into the hero-summoning and becoming a healer was just a coincidence, but I think this happened for a reason.

As I watched the two men fight, I whispered softly.

“Let’s give it our all, Usato-kun.”





Chapter 3: Beyond Cruel! It’s the Darkness of Llinger!





More than one month had passed since Rose made me join the rescue team. In that short span of time, my body had drastically changed.

First, I became incredibly strong. That much I knew. My hellish, intensive training had finally borne fruit. Over time I mastered running, push-ups, and weight lifting. In other words, I was now a lean, mean fighting machine. My body would have never changed so radically if I were back home.

According to Rose, the reason our training was so intensive was to make sure we could escape quickly from the battlefield. Her motto was basically: The faster we run, the sooner we can save lives. The mission of the rescue team—and the healers who belonged to it—was to save those who were hurt or closest to death. We were told to heal anyone we could. But doing so was incredibly tough. We literally had to carry wounded men, who had been abandoned on the battlefield, to safety. Without courage and strength, it wasn’t even worth trying.

I couldn’t help but think, “Can a guy like me really do something that crazy?”

But I didn’t want to bear the burden of being a hero—of being tasked to save the country like Inukami or Kazuki. I wanted to help them, but I still didn’t know how I would do it. I wasn’t ready for what lay ahead. No matter how strong I became, I just couldn’t imagine being thrown onto the battlefield.

Every morning, I would wake up and sigh. I would always feel so insecure before training. But then I would move my body and see the training was clearly working. Even so, I still doubted that I had the mental fortitude to match the strength I had gained.

Realizing how pathetic I sounded, I slapped myself in the face.

“Worrying won’t solve anything. I just have to keep trying,” I said.

Today I had training, just like I did the day before. I could see that it was working and I was full of motivation.

All right. I’ll think about mental fortitude and all that stuff later. Nothing’s gonna change if I sit here worrying after all.

I got out of bed, changed my clothes, then opened the door to my room.

So, what kinda training will we have today?

“We’re going out,” Rose stated.

What? No training? Then give me back my motivation!

The sad truth was that the only places I knew about in this new world were confined to the inside of the rescue team’s training grounds (since I’d been kidnapped the day I was summoned and all). I didn’t know what Rose was planning, but I followed her anyway. The other members had mandatory training, so they didn’t come with us.

Sucks for them. Bahaha.

“Carry this,” Rose commanded.

She handed me a backpack that was practically as tall as me. Without a word, she left and started heading to town.

Hm? What’s wrong, Tong? Why do you look as if you’re watching a soldier march to his death? If there’s nothing to worry about, then whatever.

“What’s the hold up? Get over here,” she said impatiently.

Rose was waiting for me by the entrance to the castle town. I had a bad feeling about this. A really bad feeling. But resisting her would just cause trouble, so I quietly followed her lead. Still carrying the big backpack, I ran after Rose.

When I finally caught up, I started walking a few paces behind her, taking in the view that had shifted from a lush, vivid forest to a bustling town. It was my first time in the castle town and it was invigorating to say the least. The town didn’t have the same devices or scientific advancements we had back on Earth. If anything, it reminded me of a quaint marketplace I once visited when I was a kid.

“Llinger Kingdom is a flourishing center of trade. Many come here from other countries to work,” Rose said.

“I see. Huh?” I noticed something unusual.

A fox-eared girl was tending a shop that sold pointy fruits, but something about the way she moved seemed suspicious. I figured that she must be a beastkin. In any case, seeing one for the very first time left me speechless.

“Quit staring at the beastkin, you idiot. I know you’ve never seen one before, but it just makes ’em uncomfortable,” Rose nagged.

“Oh, sorry.” I quickly apologized.

She’s not a freak show or something, so I should stop looking unless I wanna be rude.

I attempted to look away from the girl, but our eyes suddenly met. She was staring right at me with a blank expression on her face.

I don’t know what she’s thinking, but. . .

“Cute girls make everything better” I said.

“What’re you sayin’? You a pervert or somethin’?” Rose quipped.

No way! I can do without the insults, you know. Actually, why is she the only beastkin girl around here?

“If people come here from other countries to work, I don’t see why there shouldn’t be more demihumans or beastkin around,” I noted.

“This country lets in demihumans pretty easily. Mainly ’cause His Majesty’s got a kind heart. It’s the road here that’s trouble. Scum like thieves, kidnappers, and assassins target ’em. Some demihumans, especially beastkin, possess valuable powers. Since they look so demure, they’re often sold as slaves for a hefty profit,” she explained.

“Slaves?” I stammered.

“This country doesn’t have a system of institutionalized slavery, but there are places that use slaves. Know what I mean?” she continued.

“Yeah, I guess,” I answered solemnly.

I understood what she meant, but it just didn’t feel right. It was too disturbing for an ordinary guy like me to accept.

I looked at a world map the other day. From what I remember, the beastkin country is far away from Llinger Kingdom.

“Did they risk their lives to come here?” I asked.

“Yeah. Anyway, on to the next place,” Rose said curtly.

I had no idea where she was going, but that was nothing new.

When I looked back at the fox girl, she was staring right at me. She just kept staring, and staring . . .

That’s kinda creepy. Time to pick up the pace.





I followed Rose through the town without looking back. I was so absorbed in my surroundings, and busy wondering where we were going, that I hardly noticed when we ended up arriving at a large door on the outskirts of town.

Huh. Must be another town through that door. They must make their towns right next to each other. No, wait. This isn’t the exit to the town . . . it’s the exit to the kingdom itself!

A guard was standing in front of the door.

In the past month, I’d noticed that Rose stared people down as she spoke. She was already staring down the guard and he seemed pretty shaken.

“Yo,” Rose said. “Been a while, Thomas.”

“R-Rose-san! H-How can I h-help you today?!” the man stammered.

“Gonna show my trainee the outdoors,” Rose answered.

What she really meant by that was “open the damn door.” That was Rose for you. Her presence alone made gatekeepers shake in their boots.

“I-I’ll open it now!” he exclaimed.

“Thanks,” she said.

I decided to butt in.

“Spoken like a true mobster, Rose-san. Er, ya know what? Never mind.”

We’d been together for a whole month, so I knew how to avoid setting her off. The light faded from the guard’s eyes as he opened the door. I felt bad for the gloomy gatekeeper as I bowed to him and walked toward the door.

Rose and I passed through the doorway together.

“Where are we going, Rose-san?” I asked.

“To a forest filled with monsters,” she said casually.

“What?” I was taken aback.

“Should be a few hours from here,” she noted.

Excuse me! What are you talking about? Wait . . . is this backpack a freaking tent?! Are you making me stay in a forest packed with prowling monsters? What a damn ruthless ogre!

My eyes flitted back and forth nervously, but Rose just ignored me and quickly picked up the pace.

Wait. She didn’t say I had to stay here, so maybe it’s all in my head.

C’mon, me. We can’t give up hope yet.





* * *





I stood on a cliff, gazing into the murky forest that expanded below me. I glanced back at Rose, who was folding her arms, before my gaze returned to the forest.

“Some call it ‘The Darkness of Llinger.’ Others call it the ‘Den of the Beasts.’ You ain’t leavin’ until you hunt a Grand Grizzly. I don’t care how long it takes,” Rose instructed.

So not only do I have to survive, but I also have homework?!

“Grand Grizzly? Isn’t that the monster a Blue Grizzly turns into after one hundred years?! That dangerous thing?! But they’re deadly even before they grow up! It said so in my books! What the hell?! Do you hate me or something?!” I shouted.

“’Course I don’t,” she said calmly.

“Liar!” I yelled.

“Ugh, put a sock in it already. By now you should be able to kill a Grand Grizzly no problem. You get me?” she asked.

“No, I don’t get you, I . . . Waiiiit, stop! Put me down!”

I shook my head violently, but Rose didn’t care. She lifted me and the giant backpack off the ground like it was nothing.

Just how strong is this she-hulk?! Gah! Quit lifting me over your head like you’re a baseball player or something!

“Unh!” she grunted.

“Gaaaaaaaah!” And with that, I went flying.

Her throw was so overpowered that I found myself spinning high into the air.

Is this how I die? Cause of death: thrown by the rescue team captain. Screw that! You’ve gotta be kidding me.

I suddenly ran out of momentum and began my descent. Below me was an overgrown forest of trees.

Die? Like hell I will!

I looked up at the sky and regained my balance. I’d found the key: my big backpack! Realizing that it would soften my fall, I shielded my face with my arms and steeled myself for impact.

“Gahhh?!”

I fell into the trees, but the impact of the fall was a bit softer than expected. Luckily, the trees lessened the blow by a lot, so the impact was less forceful than it normally would have been. During the fall, I was whacked by more branches than I could count.

I had closed my eyes, but when I opened them, I suddenly saw the ground before me.

How did I end up facing down? Ack! If I fall like this, I’m a goner!

“I’m not gonna get hurt! Not after all that!”

I enveloped myself in healing magic and landed on the ground on my hands and feet. I went a bit numb, but otherwise I was fine . . . until my vision blurred and I collapsed on my back. Using the backpack as a crutch, I managed to get back on my feet. I wasn’t tired physically, but I was mentally drained.

“I’m alive? Thank goodness.”

I could’ve been seriously hurt if it weren’t for that backpack. If Rose hadn’t brought it, I would’ve been done for. Even so, I wasn’t grateful to her. If I didn’t hunt down a Grand Grizzly, I knew she’d just toss me back to the forest again.

“I don’t wanna admit it, but it’s just as Rose said: Taking down a Grand Grizzly is the only thing I can do.”

That bear’s a measly two meters tall. I’ve already clawed my way out of hell, so a dumb little bear should be—

“GRAAAAAAAAH!” something snarled.

“Huh?!” I flinched in response.

A loud, ferocious roar rang out from somewhere deep in the forest. I heard footsteps approaching, so I ran out of there as fast as I could. After all, I wouldn’t be Usato if I couldn’t run like an usagi (rabbit)!

“Looks like people can’t overpower monsters with strength! I’ll have to work my gray brain cells to the fullest and come up with a killer tactic!” I said to myself.

“GRAAAAAAAAH!”

“It’s right behind me!” I shrieked.

When I looked back, I saw drool dripping down a white Grand Grizzly’s face. It was about three meters behind me. I’d already stumbled upon my target, but it was a lot scarier than I’d imagined.

I’ve never seen a bear that has such huge claws and fangs—not even at a zoo!

“What do I do, what do I do, what do I do?!”





Things you can do when you encounter a bear:

1. Play dead. (The urban legend factor makes it sound true, but I feel like that’d just get me eaten.)

2. Ring a bell to scare it off. (No bell, so that’s out.)

3. Run away. (I think my legs can do it.)



I had chosen my strategy. My only option was to run!

“No bear can match my speed!” I said gallantly.

“GRAAAAAAAAH!” it roared.

“It’s coming! Ah, crap!” I lost heart.

I didn’t have to turn around to know it was there. It was hot on my trail.

This information would’ve been helpful much earlier, but I just remembered a documentary that said bears can run up to forty to sixty kilometers per second. I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s the same with Grand Grizzlies. No, they can probably run faster than that, which likely means . . . I’m dead meat.

Wait. Snap out of it! My training’s been hellish since I came to this world! Am I so weak that I’d let a bear chase me around just because the color of his fur’s a bit different?

No! No freaking way!

Rose’s hazing is way scarier than this!

“This bear is bearly a threat! Let’s fight one-on-one! You wanna eat me? Come get me! You’ll never catch me! Just try!” I taunted.

Then three different, distinctive snarls rang out.

“You brought your friends?! No fair!” I shouted.

Sneaky, sneaky.

When I looked behind me, I saw two more bears with blue fur running beside their friend, the Grand Grizzly.

How are there more?! They’re a different size and color than the first one. These Blue Grizzlies are a pain in the ass! They’re multiplying out of nowhere like matryoshkas or something!

“Shit! This backpack’s slowing me down!” I said, panicking.

But I wasn’t about to take it off, especially since it was probably filled with tools that would help me survive in the forest. It was incredibly heavy—I’d say it was almost 100 kilograms. I couldn’t imagine what she’d put in the backpack, but this was Rose after all. It must have been helpful.

However . . .

“How long do I have to keep running?” I said to myself.

“GRAAAAAAAAH!” the bears bellowed.

All I wanted was to make it out of this forest alive.





* * *





It was night. Earlier that day, I was literally thrown into a perilous forest that was teeming with monsters. Now I was resting up in a tree, a full twenty meters from the ground. The branch I was sitting on was so thick and sturdy that it supported my weight, as well as the weight of the backpack.

My clothes were hanging on a thin branch to dry, so I was only wearing underwear. People would have probably called me a pervert . . . but there was a method to my madness. Grand and Blue Grizzlies had chased me around for three hours after Rose tossed me into the forest. I found it odd that I couldn’t throw them off my trail no matter what I did, so I realized that they might be tracking my scent.

If it was my scent they were following, I thought it best to wash it off. After one hour of searching, I finally found something that looked like a waterfall and jumped in. Though I managed to shake the bears off my trail, I was also sopping wet. I wanted to dry my clothes somewhere safe, so I climbed a tall tree and that’s how I ended up here.

“So dark . . .”

It was several hours past sunset. Judging by how hungry I was, I figured it was about eight or nine in the evening. The sky was pitch-black—I couldn’t see a thing. I had no choice but to rely on the light of the moon, which was several times bigger than the one back on Earth. I heard a savage cry, possibly from a nocturnal monster prowling at night.

“Tch. Can’t even light a fire.”

Monsters would notice a fire. It might scare them off, but I didn’t want to take the risk. Especially considering that the only things in the backpack were dried food, a pen and paper, a leather canteen, and a knife with a blade that was only twenty centimeters long. There were no tools that would help me start a fire, and food took up most of the space! I was glad I didn’t have to starve, but this felt a little overboard.

“Yup, not good. Not good,” I mumbled without thinking.

What’s my next move?

My ultimate goal was to take down a Grand Grizzly. The issue was that no matter how confident I was in my strength, I still didn’t know how to harness that power. Training in martial arts meant diddly-squat against monsters.

What do I do?

“I can either use . . .”

. . . A knife, a pad, or a pen. I also had wet clothes. I put on my semidry pants for the time being and hung the knife on my waist.

“If you want to win, you must first know your enemy.”

First, I needed to come up with a plan and make the tree my home base. Luckily, there was a river nearby. I worried that it might be infested with parasites, but at that point all I could do was pray that they weren’t there. I wanted to boil water, but I had to wait until morning since starting a fire was out of the question.

“This doesn’t look good, but I’ll prove I can make it.”

I enveloped my tired body in weak healing magic. Before I fell asleep, I laid down on the thick branch and carved a message into it with the knife.

“Day one complete.”

I was alone, and I was going to have to fight by myself.





The next morning, I softened the dried food with water and put on the clothes I wore for training. I equipped myself with the canteen and the knife, then stayed low as I ran through the forest.

The pad and pen were in my pocket. I was ready to take them out at any time.

“Where am I?”

I carved markings into the trees and continued searching the area.

I just took a bath in the river, so I shouldn’t have to worry about my scent . . . if I’m lucky.

As far as I knew, there were many other monsters in that forest besides bears. I carefully searched the area that surrounded my base.

“Whoa! That’s . . .”

There were four deep ruts in a tree. It looked a big something or other had carved it up with their claws. An animal that size was likely the Grand Grizzly from the previous day.

Caution was required when searching the area. I was about to take a step forward when I heard something rustling in the tall grass in front of me.

“Huh?!”

Is it a monster?

I slowly brandished my knife and approached the tall grass as I frantically wiped away the sweat on my forehead. I was prepared to escape. If it was a dangerous creature, running away was the plan. With a hard gulp, I used my other hand to part the tall grass.

“Kyu,” something squeaked.

“Huh?” I was confused.

There was a black ball of fur on the ground.

Wait. It’s not a ball of fur, it’s a small animal!

It was something I’d never seen in Rose’s books—a monster who had distinctive black fur and small ears that stood up like antennae.

“It’s . . . a bunny rabbit.”

It looked like a rabbit, but its beautiful black fur and mysterious, gleaming red eyes made it look more like a very realistic stuffed animal.

The black rabbit gazed at me with its round, red eyes as it lay on the ground. It looked as if it was about to whimper again. Slightly perplexed, I cut through the tall grass and approached the rabbit. When I took a closer look, I noticed that its hind leg was covered in light red blood.

“Are you hurt?” I asked.

“Kyu.” The rabbit nodded.

Does it understand human speech? Ya know what, I’m not gonna go there. Anything is possible in fantasy worlds after all.

I walked up to the rabbit and found its injury. There seemed to be a cut on his hind leg. It was probably attacked by another monster.

“Hold still.”

A gentle green light emitted from my hand. I applied it to the wound. After a few seconds, I removed my hand and the injury was gone without a trace. I couldn’t have done that if I hadn’t trained. It was basically the first time I had healed something else.

“All better. Be careful out there.”

After I patted the black rabbit’s head, I stood up and started walking away. It was so cute that I almost wanted to take it back to my base, but I couldn’t forget the mission: I had to hunt a Grand Grizzly. No time to be preoccupied with adorable rabbits. I told myself that leaving would be the best for us both.

However, the rabbit followed me. I silently took a step forward and the rabbit followed suit.

What’s going on?

“Now listen up. If you stick with me, you’re gonna be attacked by a Grand Grizzly! Do you happen to know where it is?” I asked.

“Kyu,” it responded.

Motioning me to follow it with its head, the rabbit ran off. Feeling like a character from Alice in Wonderland, I chased after it just to see what would happen.

“Kyuuuu!”

It hopped deeper into the forest without so much as making a sound. I noticed that its ears were as straight as a needle as they pointed ahead.

Do its ears have radars or something? That’s super adorable.

After following it for ten minutes, the rabbit suddenly stopped moving.

“What’s wrong?”

“Kyu kyu.” The rabbit climbed up my leg to my shoulder.

“Whoa! What’re you doing?”

Its black fur ticked the nape of my neck. The rabbit itself was surprisingly light.

This little guy is just too adorable.

The black rabbit stood on my shoulder. Its ears bent forward as if it were pointing at something.

“Kyu.”

“You want me to see what’s ahead?” I asked.

This rabbit can really understand what I say! Oh well. It’s a cutie, so I’m not gonna question it.

I parted some bushes before me with a rustle to reveal a dark cave and two Blue Grizz . . . lies?!

“What the—”

I covered my mouth.

Screaming now would alert the bears. But wow, they must live in that cave!

“Thanks. I really owe you one,” I whispered to the rabbit on my shoulder.

Looking abashed at what I said, it started grooming itself. It was insanely adorable.

Now that I knew where the cave was, I took out my pad and my pen.

“Kyu?”

“Hm? Want to know what this is?”

Taking down a bear wasn’t going to be easy.

If I was going to do it, I had to catch it off guard, which could only mean . . .

“A journal.”

All right. I’ll start a journal that will save my life.





Day Two





The black rabbit led me to the target’s den. When we got there, I spotted two Blue Grizzlies and one Grand Grizzly.

One of the Blue Grizzlies is rather small. Judging by its mannerisms, I’d say it’s a child. The other one is big. Probably the little one’s parent.

My books said that Grand Grizzlies tend to live in groups. Is this a group too?

I stopped observing them after one hour since there were no new developments.

The rabbit stayed perched on my shoulder as usual. It’s cute, so it can stay.





Day Three





I observed the den like I did yesterday.

No movement again.

Nothing unusual happened, so I ended up leaving.

Why does this rabbit keep following me? It understands what I say and possesses the unique ability to sense danger. It’s incredibly handy.

I have so many questions.

But I’ll just let it be ’cause it’s cute.





Day Four





My stomach hurts.





Day Five





I knew it. The water’s no good. Having the rabbit next to me as I suffered from stomach pains was extremely reassuring. I started feeling better in the afternoon, so I decided to go observe the bears then.

I camped out in a tree and saw that they were out hunting. I haven’t seen them for a single day, but it feels like it’s been ages since I last saw them. The Grand Grizzly likes to take the Blue Grizzly cub out hunting. It’s actually kind of endearing.

Today I learned that they will basically eat anything. They easily bring down Fall Boars, which are wild boar monsters that have highly developed hind legs.

Will I really be able to take down the bear?





Day Six



