	Why does my name pop out of Leona-san’s mouth?

	“Thanks to him, what do you mean? He must be a healing magician, so there should be no way to fight…”

	“No, he crossed over with Karon only with healing magic and his physical strength, and even helped me who had fainted.”

	“…Usato, is that true… Usato?”

	Norn-sama was talking to me, but my confused head couldn’t recognize her words.

	With my confused look, I once again stared at Leona-san.

	She tilted her head to my eyes.

	“That, wait are you Leo…?”

	“Mu, what’s up now —“

	“Wait, you were a woman?”

	“…”

	Norn-sama and the maid who were in front of Leo-san got stuck in a daze.

	Leo — Leona-san also stiffened her expression with a smile.

	Leo-san, who slowly approached us after a while of silence, grabbed my shoulder with all one’s might.

	“Did you misunderstand me as a man? Until now?”

	“Well, you were tall, and your voice was muffled through your armor, so it wasn’t clear…”

	“Tall… Wait, then why did you call me Leo?”

	“Well, I thought it was your name.”

	Speaking of which, Leo — Leona-san releases her hand from my shoulder without force.

	For the time being, when I first tried to apologize, she squeezed out her voice while shaking her shoulders.

	“It’s okay. Usato”

	“Ah no, that is…”

	“It was I who misunderstood. Yes, that’s right. If someone is taller than you and wearing full-body armor, you can easily mistake it for a man. Moreover, with such a non-feminine tone, a manly personality. That’s why… So you don’t have to apologize. Yes, I was the only one who was dancing in your palms.”

	Looking diagonally below, I don’t know what to say to Leona-san, who is laughing humbly with a crying face.

	Sadly, this emotionally unstable reaction made me convinced that this person was Leo-san, so I don’t think it’s bad.

	I feel that the eyes of Norn-sama and the maid have become stricter.

	Looking behind, Neah and Ark-san sent a gaze like, “Wait, didn’t you notice?”

	And —

	“Amako, did you know about it all this time?”

	“Yup”

	If you knew about it, then tell me……

	No, I’m the one who misunderstood it so it was my fault.

	Everyone was staring at me, but now I was thinking about how to apologize to Leona-san.





Chapter 103

	Leo was actually a woman, and her name was Leona.

	I had a terrible misunderstanding and desperately apologized to her shocked looked and managed to calm her down.

	“…So Usato. Did you fight the awakened Karon?”

	“Yes, well… for the time being.”

	Nodding to Norn-sama’s expression, it made her look a little tired from the commotion.

	Even though I said I fought against him, I was just hitting him back, even though I was blown away by the snowstorm and couldn’t move.

	I don’t know if it’s a battle, but if my information is useful, I should say it.

	“I have the same impression as Leo…… na-san. The horns and tail made the atmosphere even more violent. Maybe if I had to fight next time, I would lose in terms of strength. It may end up…”

	In fact, even before awakening, he was the same or maybe even stronger than I was.

	If his power continues to increase, the only part that I can beat him is speed. Then, I have to train to improve my speed and strength, considering the possibility of facing each other.

	Norn tilted her head while I folded my arms and was thinking about the training regime for the future.

	“Is it a mistake? Now, it sounds like Usato had the same power as him before he was awakened.”

	“…Huh!?”

	S-Shit.

	What a grave hole. I should have wrapped it in more oblate.

	I knew I shouldn’t have told them about the fight with Karon.

	“…No way, it’s just a figure of speech.”

	“Huh, you don’t have to be humble, Usato. I was watching with my own eyes. You’re overwhelming Karon with just your physical strength…”

	Although I tried to deceive them, I was corrected by Leona-san who had regained her composure.

	Leona-san might have remembered the scene when me and Karon-san were fighting, with a biting smile and a strong clenched fist.

	“Despite holding me, he runs on the ice like the wind and not only pulls Karon away…! He even avoided the falling ice spear, and even knocked off scattered debris with his bare hands…!”

	“Le-Leona-san…?”

	“I was watching his fight in the side lines, it can be said that the crisis detection ability that almost completely avoided the axe that is swung around in front of him, and the agility to avoid are especially far from human beings!.”

	Somehow she’s being overly excited……?

	I’m grateful for her introducing me, but I feel like she doesn’t have to explain that much. I mean it’s true, but when hearing it from someone, it makes me embarrassed…

	Norn-sama, who was slightly drawn to Leona’s heated explanation, widened her eyes and turned her eyes to me.

	“I thought I wasn’t the only one, but the Kingdom of Lingle sent a ridiculous human… It’s obviously not normal to compete with Karon in that state with just your body. Maybe you’re the rumoured rescue squad?”

	“……Yes”

	This person, like Gladys-san and Lucas-sama, does not seem to know Rose, but seems to know the rescue squad from rumors.

	……I’m a little scared to hear about the rumors of the rescue squad.

	“It’s decided”

	“…?”

	Norn-sama nodded once when she saw me.

	I’m having doubts about the words she muttered.

	“I finally figured out why he expected you to come.”

	“He? Who is it?”

	The word “he” that Norn-sama has pointed out earlier.

	At first I thought it was Karon-san or Leo-san, but it’s obviously different.

	They were expecting us to come here and still grasping Karon’s current situation.

	“Let’s meet him now… Leona”

	Norn stood up from the throne and talked to Leona.

	“Let Usato meet him. You too.”

	“Then, what about Karon?”

	“Yes, we’ll reveal everything.”

	Leona-san was slightly skeptical of Norn-sama’s words, but when she immediately returned to her serious expression, she moved to the immediate vicinity of us.

	Along with that, Norn-sama also approached us.

	“Norn-sama, what exactly is…”

	“Originally, a secret place in Miarak that is only shown to people of special status. I will take you to that place.”

	Secret place……?

	Is that the “he” that Norn-sama mentioned?

	“The one who we’re meeting is the one who created the armor of Charon — the one who created the sword of the hero who defeated the Demon King.”

	“!?”

	The person who created the weapon of the hero!?

	So it’s the person who is also the creator of the knife I have now… right?

	“Please wait a moment. The hero who defeated the Demon King was a story hundreds of years ago, isn’t it? An ordinary human shouldn’t be able to live for such a long time…”

	I remembered what Neah said to me.

	It is impossible for humans, but there is a possibility for monsters such as Neah that have more intelligence and lifespan than humans.

	“Yes. It’s not a human that will meet you from now on.”

	Norn-sama, who answered my mumbling, hit the floor three times with the cane on her hand.

	Then, a blue pattern emerges on the ground and disappears as if the feet sink into the ground. I turn my face towards Neah.

	She had a stern look and was touching the floor with a blue pattern.

	“Neah, what is that?”

	“Yeah, it’s magic. And it’s very old and highly hidden. I didn’t even notice… And it’s from some high level magician. It’s sad to say, but this person can handle magic better than I do.”

	While hiding as much as possible and talking with Neah, our bodies went down through the floor.

	When I looked overhead, I saw the maid waving from the place where the floor was translucent.

	The scaffolding went down steadily.

	During that time, Norn-sama, who was staring at her cane, raised her face.

	“We still have some time before descending. If you have any questions, please ask.”

	What should I ask…?

	The most important thing to ask is about the people I will meet from now on, but is it okay because I can understand it immediately?

	Ark-san talked to Norn-sama when he was thinking about what to ask.

	“Queen, can I ask you a question?”

	“I don’t mind if it’s something I can answer.”

	“So, how did the people living in this city move to the neighboring country? Now that Karon is rampaging, it should take a lot of time and effort to move even a small number of people while hiding.”

	Right, we didn’t ask how they sent the citizens of Mia Rak to neighboring countries.

	Although it is a city, there are many people who live there.

	Moreover, the surroundings are ice, not water. No matter how many people can ride on a ship, it is meaningless if the water surface is frozen.

	In the meantime, how did the Mia Rak people escape abroad?

	“In moving the people from here, I first asked Leona to stop Karon, and while she was stalling, I moved all the people.”

	……Isn’t that impossible?

	I couldn’t say it, but the explanation was too concise and suspicious.

	Norn-sama, who saw our reaction, smiled as if noticing our doubt.

	“You can’t be convinced by this explanation. It’s a reckless operation so far, but with the help of the person we’ll meet from now on, we succeeded in this reckless operation.”

	Norn-sama said that, and raised the cane in her hand to show us.

	A triangular jagged scale-like jewel was fitted in the center of the cane, and light similar to the barrier covering Mia Rak was emitted from it.

	“Is this the magic tool that created the barrier?”

	“Yes. To be precise, it’s a tool that combines magic. This is also a special wand that he created and has been passed down to us royal family.”

	In other words, can it be said that Norn’s cane is the last fort to protect this city called Mia Rak?

	When I heard that a large barrier was emitted from the magic tool, I thought it was a bigger device, but it was quite compact.

	“This wand can create a wide-area barrier by putting magical power into it. There is a restriction that it can only be used in this city under his control, but with my magical power, I can develop a barrier with a certain strength in any form.”

	Although it can only be used in limited places, it is a magic tool that exerts a reasonable effect.

	It is quite nonstandard to be able to continue to activate with the magical power of one person.

	When she was drinking the potion a while ago, she was throwing it…

	“I moved the people safely by creating a barrier between Karon and the people, but most of the forests are ferocious because of Karon’s attention. I’ve put the knights on an escort mission, so very few people are in the castle right now.”

	“So that’s why……”

	The reason why there is no knight in Mia Rak is because they went out together to escort the people who are moving from the ferocious monster.

	It’s a difficult situation.

	“That means that Leona-san was actually dealing with Karon alone.”

	“I was on the defensive from start to finish. To this day, I was almost stabbed.”

	“Still, I think it’s amazing.”

	Without any help, she couldn’t be weak when she confronted a big enemy named Karon.

	Dismayed by my words, Leona-san turned away awkwardly.

	“No, no, if I could do better in the first place, I might have managed to defeat him before he had awakened…”

	“Don’t be too demeaning to yourself, you did well.”

	Norn-sama answered Leona, who was self-deprecating herself.

	“Humility is both your strength and your weakness. What you need now is confidence. If you have that, you’ll be Mia Rak’s——“

	“Norn-sama…!”

	Leona interrupted Norn’s words and made a painful voice.

	She immediately bowed to her rude attitude, but her expression turned into a harsh one.

	I didn’t know what Norn-sama said, but I understood that the words after that were not very good for Leona-san.

	“There seems to be some reason.”

	“Yeah.”

	Nodding to Ark-san who was watching the exchange between the two.

	I’m curious, but it’s not something we should get involved in. This is a problem between Norn-sama and Leona-san, the master and the servants.

	“It’s almost time we reach the bottom layer.”

	Norn-sama said with a slightly sunken voice.

	When I looked at her voice, I found that the magical pattern that glowed blue gradually lost its light.

	“He said this to me,[You are an immature and inexperienced queen. See yourself with those two eyes.]”

	When I was watching the floor going down quietly, Norn-sama murmured.

	“In my eyes, you guys… seemed credible. Still, we should be careful.”

	“Caution? Is it something to be careful about?”

	“Yeah. If you meet him, don’t be scared. He has a slightly big and scary face, is uselessly intimidating, and his words and actions are over the top, but his heart is kind……? So…”

	The scary face was uselessly intimidating, and the words and actions were from above… Is she referring to Rose?

	No, it’s not unreasonable.

	What… if that’s all there is to it, then I’m okay with. Even if it’s a scary face, I don’t think it will surpass that strong face of Rose.

	“It’s alright because I know a similar person.”

	Although the person we’re going to meet is an outsider, there could be no more scary people than Rose.

	Rather, I even wonder if there is a more terrifying existence in this world than that person.

	“It can’t be. There shouldn’t be someone who would be the same as him…”

	“Eh?”

	I instinctively asked her, who muttered a little.

	Is he such a great existence?

	Maybe even more than Rose…? No, let’s not based this on Rose, and it’s possible that he’s amazing in a different sense.

	While thinking so, the scenery around me was changing.

	Until now, the scene where only the deep blue walls continued was changed to a huge cave.

	“Oh…”

	Unintentionally, a voice of admiration leaked from my mouth.

	A cave with an unusually wide ceiling and width. There were fountains everywhere in the cave, and blue light leaked from the bottom of the cave, illuminating the inside of the cave.

	It was a fantastic sight.

	I was surprised that there was space in the basement, but I didn’t think I could see such a beautiful view.

	“This is the treasure and heritage that Miarak is proud of. The [Kureha Fountain]”

	“This is amazing. Those are the only words I could think of.”

	Norn-sama, who laughed a little at my words, turned to the fountain that gave off a blue glow.

	“The water in this spring is special. It may look like shiny water, but if you drink it, you can get tremendous power.”

	“Great power? That water has such an effect… but there can be no such sweet story, right?”

	“Yes. This water is poisonous to living things. And it does not give power, it draws power. The source of that power is life — it turns life into power. And it is the most harmful to human beings.”

	Turning life into power.

	For me, it doesn’t seem very good.

	“The power that can be easily obtained upsets people’s hearts. Drinking this water means giving in to their own weaknesses and turning away from the reality in front of them. Losing their composure, they become outlaws who just wield their power—–”

	The scaffolding arrives at the cave.

	Norn-sama, who had advanced ahead of us while I was being fascinated by the surrounding scenery, reached out to the nearby fountain and scooped it up lightly.

	“Those who want greed and karma, their hearts will be torn and bodies decay after pain.’…If you drink this water, your mind and body will be destroyed by its excessive effect. Thus, the royal family continues to protect this place so that the “greedy” will not abuse the fountain.”

	A fountain that gives power.

	Surely, if someone knows about its existence, there will be no end to those who want it.

	By just listening to the story, I understood that the beautiful spring in front of me was dangerous.

	“…I’ll show you where he is.”

	Norn-sama, who returned the scooped water to the spring, walks to the end of the cave.

	When I followed her silently, she stopped in front of the biggest fountain.

	However, there is no one in the fountain.

	Where is “he” as Norn-sama says?

	“…He’s here”

	“Neah?”

	Nea muttered with a tense voice.

	Looking at her line of sight, I was staring at the fountain.

	“He’s definitely here. I know this sign… We know. Amako, do you feel this sign too?”

	“……Yeah”

	Ark-san and I don’t know what Neah and Amako are feeling.

	However, looking at the strong facial expressions of the two, it is clear that something is definitely in the fountain.

	“—— I have brought them. Please show us your appearance.”

	When Norn-saa utters those words, after a moment of silence, a huge “something” emerges from the center of the spring water.

	At the moment, a presence that even I could feel was emitted from that in front of me, and I stood in front of Amako and clenched my fist lightly.

	“Oi oi, you gotta be kidding me…”

	As Neah said, we knew.

	It was just two months ago.

	The opportunity I learned about the predecessor hero.

	The dragon of disaster that she awakened.

	“—“

	However, it appeared different from the “wicked dragon” we know.

	Of the four wings, two were torn from the middle,

	The big tail had no tip as if it had been cut off,

	The scales were cracked, more than half of the nails were missing,

	The mane extending from the neck and the beard from the lower jaw were colored pure white.

	To our surprise, we were looking up at “him” in a situation where we couldn’t even make a voice, and the “dragon” who dripped the spring water looked down.

	“— Welcome, humans. You have done well taking care of my other half.”

	“He”, the blue old dragon, said to me with a wrinkled voice reminiscent of an old man.





Chapter 104

	“— Welcome, younguns. Thank you for taking care of my other half.”

	Different from the wicked dragon, this blue old dragon has a calm atmosphere.

	The clear blue eyes stare at me.

	It felt one-sided—.

	The first thing that came to my mind with that word was the appearance of the wicked dragon.

	A monster that we were able to finally defeat together after being sealed for hundreds of years.

	“Mine name is God Dragon Falga. A dragon that loves harmony and peace.”

	The old dragon, who called himself Falga, shook his soaked body, and then came ashore with a slow motion.

	Isn’t he a little bigger than the wicked dragon?

	From the perspective of us human beings, it is quite large.

	“You don’t have to camouflage in front of me. There are no calculations of hurting you one bit.”

	“…Amako, Neah”

	Falga… No, I understand the meaning of Falga-sama’s words, and tell Amako and Neah undo their disguise.

	There’s Norn-sama and Leona-san here, but for the time being, I decided that it was better to follow Falga-sama’s words.

	Amako removes her cloak and Neah transforms back from the village girl to her original demon figure.

	Norn-sama and Leona-san are astonished by their appearance.

	“What… what —“

	“Do not be so surprised by such an appearance.”

	“A-Anyone would be surprised!?”

	“What a joke, that’s why you’re an inexperienced girl. An innocent little girl. How long do you intend to be like a princess?”

	“Uuuu…”

	Norn-sama was depressed because of his dry words.

	Leona-san, on the other hand, was surprised, but immediately nodded as if she comprehended it.

	“I see, I understand why Usato had extraordinary power… In other words, you too—–“

	“A-Ah no no, I’m a perfectly normal human being.”

	“…Eh? Is that so?”

	Instantly answering back, but she showed me a, “What on earth is he even saying?”

	Sigh, I somehow predicted that this would happen…

	“E-Ehem. As you can see, he is a god dragon, Falga-sama, who wanted to see you.”

	Norn-sama, who had been depressed some time ago, introduced us to Falga-sama.

	Falga-sama, who was listening to her introduction silently, started speaking without interruption as her words ended.

	“Usato. I was waiting for you to come.”

	“You were… waiting for me?”

	“Yes, what’s happening here isn’t irrelevant to you.”

	“Is it…?”

	Falga-sama’s words made Norn-sama look suspicious.

	Is it something he hasn’t told her?

	No, more than that… How is this situation unrelated to us?

	Either way, it seems like we are indeed involved with this mess.

	“First of all, let’s confirm that you have defeated my half.”

	“…Yes, that’s right. Though not alone, we defeated the wicked dragon. As evidence —“

	I take out the hero’s sword in the scabbard from my waist and show it to Falga-sama.

	Probably, this was created by him, so he should know at a glance.

	“Is it the sword I created for him? I’m sure… it’s a Katana. The fact that one of the two pieces is here is undeniably proof that you defeated it. But still, it’s hard to believe to overthrow my other half with a human body…”

	The old dragon shifts his gaze from the knife to me and observes me with interest.

	“There is no special background, no outstanding talent other than healing magic, no special bloodline. However, what made you overthrow my other half is your spirit—— I see, the spirit that never gives up is your power.”

	“I’m not as strong as you are suggesting. In the end, my fist didn’t deal much to the wicked dragon… I was able to defeat the wicked dragon because I worked together with my friends.”

	I don’t feel like telling him that my mental strength was stained with ghosts, but I wanted to make it clear that defeating the wicked dragon was not something I did alone.

	Although it was weakened, it was still a powerful dragon. It was thanks to my friends that I was able to confront it and win.

	He nodded deeply when I said and looked straight at the old dragon.

	“That’s not the case. Precisely because it was a strong opponent that you could unite and overcome it. In retrospect, you are better than that “youngster”.”

	“Youngster…?”

	“It’s the owner of that Katana.”

	With those words, I look at the knife.

	To call the former hero a youngster……

	“Uhmm……”

	“What is it, inexperienced girl.”

	While looking at the knife, Norn-sama talked to Falga-sama with reluctance.

	Her expression seemed to be confused.

	“What is this wicked dragon…? I heard that you were separated in half… Don’t tell me that there’s another one of you out there?”

	Falga-sama nods to Norn-sama’s words.

	“Oh, yes, and he’s deeply involved in this matter.”

	“Why then, until now…”

	“Even if you know it, it only creates useless impatience. Impatience blunts your judgment and puts your surroundings at risk. Until today, all you have to do is protect the city and let the powerless people escape. That’s it.”

	“…”

	Norn-sama silently listens.

	After a little silence, she looked up with anxiety.

	“…Is this the reason why Karon’s dragon factor went out of control?”

	“You’re not wrong, but the cause of the runaway lies in the difference between internal and external factors.”

	The cause of Karon’s runaway is the dragon factor…?

	Wait a minute, then does that mean Karon grew tails and horns due to the influence of this so-called dragon factor hidden in him?

	However, if that’s the case —.

	“Ah”

	“Hmm? What’s wrong?”

	“No, nothing.”

	Neah noticed something and began to move.

	Only I was aware of her suddenness, the old dragon continued to speak.

	“The dragon that dwells in Karon did not wake up spontaneously. He was strongly influenced by something outside and was forced to wake up. That was a month ago.”

	“…”

	I understand now.

	The reason for Neah fidgeting. Because she was part of the cause.

	Because about a month ago, when Karon started to run away — we were fighting the wicked dragon.

	“It was my other half. Karon was forcibly awakened by the vibrations emitted with the awakening of the wicked dragon.”

	Norn-sama and Leona-san were surprised by the words of the old dragon, but Amako and Ark-san both looked at Neah next to me.

	The face of Neah who received the eyes of three people including me was deep blue.

	* * *

	So the wicked dragon was awakened by the power of the necromancer.

	At one point, the lives of many people were about to be endangered, but before that, we had to defeat the dragon, and it was supposed to end there.

	“The wicked dragon… that was the reason why Karon went out of control…”

	“Not exactly”

	Falga-sama denies Norn-sama’s muttering.

	“The trigger was definitely caused by the wicked dragon. However, the factor of the dragon that sleeps in Karon is not easily awakened. The power of the dragon isn’t so weak that it could be awakened with the roar of a weakened dragon.”

	“Then why did he run berserk?”

	The trigger is the wicked dragon, but there is another cause.

	It might be another entity with some influence other than the wicked dragon that influenced him.

	Perhaps Falga-sama? No, there is no reason for this person to do such a thing.

	Then, what are the possibilities?

	“…Is it the resurrection of the Demon King?”

	“Yes. At the same time as the awakening of a person with power, the dragon factor of Karon awakened. However, even if I say that it awakened, it is in the correct form. He was supposed to master it, but there was an abnormal situation where the wicked dragon awoke.”

	Karon-san, who couldn’t stand it because he did what he should have been accustomed to slowly, went out of control…?

	“Now, Karon is driven by the same urge to destroy as the wicked dragon. At present, it is directed only to the city, but if it is directed to somewhere else… disaster is inevitable.”

	“…”

	The cause was the resurrection of the Demon King, but this would not have happened unless the dragon was resurrected.

	Rather, if the wicked dragon did not revive, Karon could have been a trump card against the Demon King. The power of the dragon and the possession of a powerful armor — And it was Neah who revived the wicked dragon with a carefree feeling.

	“…Sigh…”

	If we keep it silent, this child may not be held responsible.

	However, Falga-sama knows that it was Neah who revived the wicked dragon.

	Even so, I don’t know the reason why he didn’t say anything, but we have to do something about it.

	“……Before that”

	I turn my eyes to Ark-san and Amako.

	Amako sighed as if she knew what I was trying to do, and Ark-san nodded with the same smile as usual.

	I’m really grateful that they understood my unreasonableness……

	“Norn-sama, Leona-san. This case is our fault.”

	“…Usato?”

	“What are you saying…”

	Neah glanced at me.

	Although she was occasionally cheeky and annoying and troublesome, I was helped by her many times.

	Without her, I might not have been here now.

	It was thanks to her that she saved Eva.

	Therefore, there is no way to impose responsibility on her anymore.

	“We defeated the wicked dragon, but in the first place, one of our current friends revived the wicked dragon lightly in order to catch us.”

	“That is……”

	“It’s this girl Neah, who is next to me now.”

	Neah’s face turned blue in response to my words.

	Norn-sama had a face as she could not understand what’s going on, but Leona-san had a stern look.

	“But now she’s my companion, so I can’t let this one take all the responsibility.”

	“What would you do? Usato”

	Here, Falga-sama asked that.

	I answered the question clearly as if I had expected it.

	“Let us help you stop Karon-san”

	In the first place, it is impossible to ignore the situation where Karon could become the second wicked dragon.

	“Fumu, inexperienced girl. He has said it, do you accept it?

	“Eh, ah… I’ll take it. Please help us.”

	Norn-sama, who was stunned, returned from consciousness.

	Falga-sama sighs at her and shifts his gaze.

	“Usato. Karon’s berserk is definitely due to your companion, but I want to thank you.”

	“……Why?”

	Although we were the ones to blame, there should be no so-called gratitude.

	Speaking of his other half, I have defeated the existence that can be called Falga-sama’s brother.

	“Originally, the time when he woke up would have been 300 years later. It seems that he had been sealed so strongly. If the seal was broken, I couldn’t even stop it. No, I can’t be sure that there is something in this world 300 years later that can completely defeat him before he turns it into a complete disaster. Worse case, there’s the possibility that two-thirds of the land’s creatures would be killed.”

	“…”

	Both Norn-sama and Leona-san’s faces turned pale.

	Having actually met the wicked dragon, thinking that he might have rampaged without reason, I shook my face.

	Probably because his consciousness and intellect remained here, there was only destruction in mind.

	What if the destruction continues indiscriminately in the true sense?

	What if he were to sprinkle poison everywhere?

	What if he were to assault the country with unrivaled strength and scales of an iron wall that could not be hit?

	I’m sure no one can beat the wicked dragon.

	“And… he’s fallen into evil, but he’s half of me. It’s not a very pleasant story to have only the soul tied to the world like that. He must sleep peacefully——and so does the one who has done all the evil.”

	Falga-sama’s words about the wicked dragon were somewhat sad.

	“For what purpose did that youngster bind his soul to the world? I understand the reason, but in any case it is not a good reason for the living to play with the dead.”

	“Do you know why the hero bound the soul of the wicked dragon to the world?”

	At this point, Neah, who had finally regained composure, asked.

	It seems that she was also interested in the actions of the hero.

	“Of course, but I’m not kind enough to teach you that. It doesn’t make sense to teach the youngster here what he’s trying to do. No… even what he does as a hero will be meaningless to explain.”

	… In other words, he has nothing to say about the hero?

	However, if the time when the wicked dragon wakes up from the seal is 300 years later — what the hero was trying to do may have had an impact on the future.

	“You don’t have to understand it now. You’ll know it as long as you face the threat of the Demon King. Moreover…”

	Falga-sama returned his eyes to me.

	“There is one thing I want to make sure when you stop Karon.”

	“What would that be?”

	“I do not know how much you have fought with Karon. I do know that you and your companions have defeated the wicked dragon, but I want to confirm the power of each of you.”

	“…Alright, so how would you want to do that?”

	“Then, should I be the partner of Usato?”

	When I asked what format he would like to test my abilities, Leona-san came up as my opponent.

	“In my opinion, he has a power that ordinary knights can’t compete with. I may not have enough power, but if you look at a part of his ability —“

	“No, you are not Usato’s opponent”

	Leona-san’s words were interrupted.

	Falga-sama, who was rugged somewhere, stared at Leona-san.

	“It is true that you are the best partner for Usato. However, just being the best is not the best. If you have doubts about your position and are at a loss in your heart, you will not be able to demonstrate your true abilities.”

	“That is……”

	“If it’s a match, you’ll win. But if it’s an actual battle, you’ll definitely lose. You have to be convinced of the “position” you’re in right now and try to fulfill your responsibilities as that position.”

	“…”

	Falga-sama looked at me when Leona-san went silent.

	Is Leona-san wondering? I was surprised at the fact that she, who was able to fight against Karon, is still not showing more power than she can.

	“Let’s prepare your opponent with my magic”

	“You can create opponents with magic…?”

	“No, no. It’s not ‘creating’. It’s ‘calling’.”

	……Hmmmmm? I have a very bad feeling about this.

	My sixth sense is tingling.

	Regardless of me who couldn’t stop sweating, Falga-sama quietly activated magic from his big hand and let the tip of his cracked nail touch the fountain.

	Then, the water from the spring forms a circle and emerges from the surface of the water.

	“This is a [mirror image magic]. It is magic that reflects the object, and it is a magic that calls the person reflected in the subject’s mind to this place for three minutes.”

	“…Magic that acts on space-time… What power…”

	Neah looks in the mirror stunningly and mutters such a thing.

	However, Falga-sama snorts as though he’s not impressed.

	“If the wicked dragon is a dragon that controls power, I am a dragon that controls wisdom. I can’t directly fight with power, but the many magics that I learned through my wisdom are the greatest weapons. So something like this is easy for me.”

	Although it was limited to only 3 minutes, the magic of calling someone from a distance was certainly a feat.

	Because he’s a god dragon, his lifespan is many times longer — no, it will be dozens of times longer, so it would not be strange for him to remember countless magics.

	“Let’s limit what we are calling from now on”

	“Wait, limited? So I don’t get to choose?”

	“What a joke, that wouldn’t have any meaning. It doesn’t make sense unless someone can fight you to some extent.”

	That’s true, but…

	Well, even if my opponent is a monster, what I do is the same. Fortunately, I don’t use much magical power, and it’s okay to fight for about three minutes.

	For the time being, I took a deep breath, calming my mind and strengthening myself so as not to panic.

	“The conditions are limited to——– ‘the ones you fought and the most angry’, but those who have already died or are not willing to fight shall be excluded from the conditions.”

	The most angry person……? The person who is willing to fight……?

	There are no wicked dragons or snakes anymore, and Ferme probably… has no intention of fighting me… Fegnis-san is the same.

	Well, wait a minute, only one person has an idea.

	“What’s wrong Usato… Your face is starting to pale…?”

	“Neah, if you don’t help me now, I’ll be beaten to a pulp.”

	“Huh!? I can’t imagine you being beaten up though!?”

	You can say that because you don’t know her.

	At least she is much stronger than me and has no mercy.

	No, she’s been forgiving and adjusting, but even if I include it, it’s still a strength that I can’t compete with.

	“Usato, are you okay?”

	“Don’t worry, Amako”

	Amako and Ark-san, who saw the person who would come out from now on, looked at me with anxiety.

	A person who will meet all the conditions.

	I was hit by her training many times ―――,

	I turned my anger many times during training ―――,

	So speaking of people who are willing to fight…

	“Then I’ll call that person. Are you ready?”

	“Eh!?”

	Isn’t it too early!?

	Please wait. If I didn’t anticipate, there could be an unspeakable level of genocide, let alone a mock combat!?

	When Falga-sama puts magical power into the mirror, light is emitted from the surface of the transparent mirror.

	When the light subsided, a landscape different from the view of the dim cave was projected on the mirror.

	“— Ah, ahhhh shit…”

	At the end of the mirror ―――.

	A familiar black-haired boy and a familiar silver-haired girl was lying down on the ground.

	And there stood the figure of my master, my boss, the rescue squad leader Rose, looking down at them with a terrible smile.





Chapter 105

	For me, she is a person I respect.

	Regardless of the means, she was a teacher who showed me the way as a rescue squad to me who had vague thoughts and was thinking of helping Inukami senpai and Kazuki.

	However, it is certain that she is also a person who is not good at being a respected person.

	I don’t hate her personality.

	Being trained directly by her, I know she wouldn’t like to do any sneak attacks. Whatever she said or did, her treatment was all essential to my growth.

	Her kindness will surely be understood only by those who know her well.

	The cause of that was rough and violent behavior, but overtime I understood that she cherishes and is precious to me.

	Then, why do you think I’m bad with her?

	Obviously because she’s the number 1 most incompatible opponent to face.

	This is no longer whether I like or dislike her.

	The snake, black knight, Harfa-san, wicked dragon, and the curse.

	I’ve fought with the help of my friends, but I can’t think of any ways that could beat her, who is overwhelmingly superior in physical ability alone.

	Because I started traveling and realizing my growth, I was able to understand again how much ability Rose has.

	“I wonder if I can even last 10 seconds……”

	“Usato, is that your master? My instinct as a demon has been appealing to ‘run away now,’ and is it because of her doing it…?”

	At the end of the mirror is Rose, who I haven’t seen in a long time.

	Ah, she looks fine.

	Yeah, it ’s natural that she’s fine because she’s showing a great smile.

	She looks like she’s enjoying this, but deep down I know that is not the case……

	“Falga-sama, can they see us from there?”

	“No, they shouldn’t be able to. Now they can only see it through space. The mirror appears only when it is activated.”

	In other words, does this mean that Rose cannot see this mirror?

	In the case of Rose, I was a little worried because she would immediately destroy it as if it was a threat.

	……I wish that happened though.

	“Usato, your eyes, your eyes look like they’re dead…”

	“This is unexpected. For Rose-sama… Usato, if you talk to her about the situation, she might be…… impossible. I’m sorry, there seems to be no other way but to fight her.”

	Even Arc-san has given up.

	That’s right, when I heard that Rose would fight me, it wouldn’t be strange if she happily hit me while saying, “Oh, I’m just checking how you have grown.”

	When I looked in the mirror while understanding that my eyes were losing vitality, I suddenly saw two figures lying under her feet.



	Silver-haired and unique horns ――― That person is definitely Ferme. It seems that she is pretending to be dead because she is lying down not saying a word. However, such false acting won’t be overlooked by Rose as her body is trembling from top to bottom while being abused.

	And the other black-haired boy —

	“…I see. Haha…”

	Nack, a healing wizard boy I met in Lukvis.

	With my recommendation, he went to the rescue squad and was trained by Rose.

	So you were able to safely reach the rescue squad huh, Nack. This is the best news today.

	Normally, I would raise my hands and celebrate, but considering what will happen in the future, I can’t be happy with that.

	“Guess I should…… prepare myself…”

	Let’s think of this with a different perspective.

	From now on, it’s a game to show Rose how much I have grown during this trip.

	It was a chance to let Rose blow a bubble.

	Thinking so, I burned my fighting spirit, decided to fight Rose, and looked in the mirror.

	However, at that moment, I could see Rose sticking out her fist in the mirror with no expression.

	“……Wha-?”

	Bang! And a fist passes through the mirror.

	However, Falga-sama, who is activating the mirror, and we, who had heard about his magic, had no choice but to be stunned when he saw Rose sticking her fist at the tip of the mirror.

	“Falga-sama, didn’t you say that the other side couldn’t see the mirror from there…?”

	“…That should be the case.”

	“But that person can normally feel such abnormal presence…”

	“…”

	Please say something, Falga-sama.

	[I don’t know what’s going on but… I could feel something.]

	Moreover, the person at the end of the mirror feels the existence of the mirror just by intuition.

	While feeling the burning fighting spirit disappearing, I once again recognize that my master is a ridiculous person.

	“Usato… Who is she…?”

	Leona-san, who had an unbelievable expression, asked me so.

	Both Norn-sama and Falga-sama seem to want to know about her existence as well, so they both eagerly looked at me with answers.

	I took a small deep breath and opened my mouth.

	“She is Captain Rose, leader of the rescue squad in the Kingdom of Lingle. My teacher and also my boss… is an unreasonable person.”

	Unreasonable.

	There was no more appropriate word to describe her.

	“Is she your master? Then that’s a relief.”

	Falga-sama, who heard the introduction of Rose, muttered to convince himself.

	“My magic exists without being perceived. If someone is sharp and sensitive to changes in their surroundings, they may notice the existence of magic. Though there are not many who could do that.”

	It’s not a level you don’t notice, but it’s difficult to notice.

	Unexpectedly, Rose was looking around, so I wonder if she was able to respond to slight changes in her surroundings?

	In any case, it is certain that we are separated.

	Nea, who heard Falga-sama’s story, looked at me with a slight pull.

	“Uwaaa~ I knew that the master of a monster would be a monster herself. Moreover, the disciple is just like its master.”

	“You do know that you’ll have to meet her someday right? Also, when we return to the Kingdom of Lingle, you’ll be in the custody of the rescue squad, so my familiar, you will also be squeezed by Rose.”

	“I’m sorry. Don’t look at me with such listless eyes. Ah, eh… I’m really sorry.”

	“It’s okay, I’m with you. You’re not alone.”

	“The situation and your behavior are not intertwined!? Your eyes aren’t laughing…… They’re not laughing at all!?”

	I smiled at Neah who was panicking.

	She apologized with tears because she was frightened, but it is impossible to avoid ‘her’ squeezing because it has been decided that I’ll take her back since she’s my familiar.

	“For me, it’s okay if I can see your ability. You can look for another person for that.”

	“…No, you’ll do my best, with the captain.”

	It is troublesome to fight another opponent now.

	Besides, it’s too awkward to call Harfa-san and Fegnis-san here now.

	Fegnis-san is not ready to fight now.

	Personally, the reason he wasn’t reflected in the mirror, which I would have been most angry with, was probably because he wasn’t in a fighting mental state in the first place.

	“You look ready. Then, I’ll call the existence that you have in your heart. It only takes three minutes.”

	“I understand”

	Light illuminates the mirror that reflects Rose, Ferme, and Nack.

	I gulped my saliva and took a step forward, I stopped once on the spot and turned to Amako.

	“Amako, even if I become a lump of meat… I will still help your mother…”

	“Usato… I can’t laugh at that joke at all…”

	“I hope you’re kidding”

	The lump of meat is probably not real, but I may have to prepare for the bones and internal organs breaking.

	She’s someone who would never cut corners and challenges.

	I tightened my mind and clenched my fist, facing the mirror surrounded by light.

	“The results of my daily training will be demonstrated here”

	And I will survive another day……!

	With a negative thought, the mirror wrapped in light turned blue.

	Then, Rose reflected in the mirror and my eyes standing in front of it met. And Nack, who was about to get up behind her, looked at me with a surprised expression and said something.

	The space of Lingle Kingdom was connected here.

	By connecting the spaces, the original effect of the mirror image magic is demonstrated.

	“――――!”

	The mirror shines even more, and a figure surrounded by light pops out from the mirror surface.

	The figure appears as if it falls to the ground. The light gradually subsides, and the whole picture of the appearing figure becomes clear.

	“Ughh… Damn, that violent woman… I’ll definitely get back someday… What the?”

	What came out of the mirror was not Rose, but a girl with silver hair, red eyes, and sheep-like horns.

	“…A demon!? Norn-sama, please get down!!”

	Leona-san, who saw her and immediately recognized her as a demon, stepped out in front of Norn-sama and put her hand on the handle of the sword.

	The girl who wiped her tears and looked around with a confused look before fixing her eyes on me.

	“Why are you in front of me!?”

	“That’s my line, Ferme.”

	Ferme of the current rescue team belonging to the former Demon King Army.

	For some reason, she was called to this place as my opponent.

	* * *

	It was not the demon leader, but the demon Ferme who belonged to the rescue team.

	She had silver hair and horns, she looked at my face, distorted the corners of her mouth, and stood up with a smirk.

	“Never would I’ve thought that you would appear in my dreams… I didn’t think the day would come when I’m lucky to be hit by Rose. Fufufu”

	“Well, are you that happy to be knocked by the captain?”

	“Obviously that’s not the case!!!”

	When pulled blatantly, Ferme made her face bright red and yelled.

	“Even if it’s my dream, your attitude hasn’t changed…! Be scared of me!!”

	“…To be scared of you, uhhhh.”

	“~~~!!”

	Ferme stomped the ground on the spot when she saw my reaction.

	Leona-san and Norn-sama, who were wary of her, had a frightened face, and Falga-sama was observing the exchange between me and Ferme.

	“It doesn’t matter if you’re a dream or a hallucination!! Let me hit you once!!”

	“Why are you so aggressive after being able to meet after a long time…?”

	While paying attention to each reaction, Ferme, who abandoned thinking, clenched her fist and hit me.

	I thought she had no intention of fighting, but she did.

	Besides, she wouldn’t be the target of anger. After all, she is a black knight who has cornered Inukami senpai and Kazuki to the brink of death.

	Well, we did call her without permission, so the bad one is overwhelmingly me. Let’s just take her fist here. If she can understand the situation around her, then…

	“DROP DEAD, YOU FREAKING MONSTER!!!!”

	“Hmmmph!!!”

	“Bleerpgh!?”

	I was irritated by her phrase as I reflexively counter her attack with a healing forehead flick.

	After doing it unconsciously, there was a figure of Ferme holding her forehead and hitting it on the ground.

	Feeling bad about it, I apologize immediately.

	“Sorry Ferme”

	“D-Don’t screw with me. Why is a healing magician aiming at my forehead…”

	I don’t know why, but maybe it’s easier than actually hitting you?

	Falga-sama saw the exchange between me and Ferme, and was squinting his eyes at her.

	“— She’s been sealed. In addition, this wave… Is it a dark magic user? It’s just right to be warlike…”

	“Falga-sama…?”

	“Usato, continue. If she’s a user of dark magic, she should have the appropriate ability. — I shall remove the restrictions.”

	“Eh wait a minute —“

	Before I could finish, Falga-sama activated magic on the ground, and the magical power wrapped around Ferme’s neck—– removing the sealed magic tool very easily.

	Moreover, it is unlocked after the keyhole that has been carefully distorted is almost restored.

	Ferme, whose magic tool that had sealed her magical power had come off, put her hand on her neck and got up.

	“I don’t know what’s happening, but with this I can finally hit you…!”

	“Eeeeh…”

	Can you grasp the situation around you a little……

	I wonder why she only has her eyes on me……

	Ferme, who was full of fighting spirit, laughed invincibly and activated magic.

	Then, from her shadow, a black fluid crawls up to form the shape of an armor.

	“Dark magic… huh?”

	A knight wearing armor that can make even two heroes drove to the brink of death.

	It appeared in front of me again.

	Her magical ability is reversal. It is an unreasonable technique to return the received attack to the opponent.

	“Having my magic revived and passing through those hellish days, I will never lose…! Be prepared, Usato!!”

	Ferme makes a rattling noise and charges towards me.

	Certainly she was training in the rescue squad. In addition, she was being ‘watched’ by Rose. I’m sure she’s got a lot of training, if not as much as I do.

	I can’t underestimate her, let’s use a healing punch.

	The moment I tried to hold my fist with that in mind — Ferme, who was making a rattling noise, fell down on the spot with her legs pinched.

	She slipped and her head was sliding right in front of me, and I was obediently wondering where to point this fist.

	“Uh, ughhhh, shit, this is heavy!!”

	“Eh, eh—…”

	While getting up, I couldn’t help but be stunned by Ferme who complained so much.

	She has become lighter now, but instead she can no longer fight in the same armor as before.

	It may be natural in a sense.

	Because of her ability, that way of fighting is naturally waiting. There is no option to wear light armor for her, who does not have to bother to set herself.

	“No way, that black knight… even this scene is a bit complicated for me…”

	“I mean there was a time… But now, she seems like a disappointing person…”

	“Dark magic seems to be a powerful magic, but for now it doesn’t look like that.”

	My friends also saw Ferme rising up while trembling with a subtle expression, and each muttered so.

	“As if I can wear such a heavy armour!”

	“Then you don’t have to force yourself to fight?”

	“S-Shut up. I-If that’s the case…”

	What is she going to do now?

	The armor of Ferme that stood up flowed and returned to her own shadow…… No, not all returned. The shape of her armor gradually shifted and then changed to another.

	Is she remaking the armor into the best shape for her current light-weight? Even so, the armor is quite thin… It’s more like a cloak or coat than armor.

	“……Ah”

	When I saw Ferme’s “armor” approaching its finished form, she noticed that I was naturally smiling.

	Ferme saw me laughing and thought I was belittling her.

	“W-What’s wrong!?”

	“Ah nooo, it’s not like I’m making fun of you…… But what you’re wearing now is…”

	It was black clothes, not armor.

	The appearance is reminiscent of a thick coat and the hood covered on the head with black gloves.

	“It’s the rescue squad’s outfit, and it’s the same as what I’m wearing.”

	“What? That’s why… I’m wearing lighter armor… Wh- What’s wrong with that!?”

	She laughed in denial and looked at her armor, she opened her eyes and began to be upset while her face went bright red.

	Ferme newly created the rescue squad’s clothing.

	It’s like dyeing the clothes I was wearing in black.

	“Y-You’re mistaken, this is…”

	“Hahaha”

	“D-Don’t laugh at me! D-Damnit, why can’t I get it back!?”



	Ferme’s black garment trembles, but its shape does not change as if it were fixed.

	Falga-sama was sighing astonishingly, but from my point of view, I was wondering why the magic under her control couldn’t move as expected.

	“I-it’s not returning…! In that case, I’ll fight as is!”

	Ferme, who gave up on changing the black clothes, raised her fist and swung it at me.

	The movement changed to a fast and sharp one, unlike when she wore the rugged black knight’s armor. A quick glance at her movements gave me an idea of how much training she had done over the last few months.

	Even if it was forced, it was none other than Ferme’s strength that kept it going.

	That’s why I caught her fist head-on with my left palm coated with healing magic.

	“—!?”

	“It’s a nice punch, Ferme. It looks like you’ve done your best so far.”

	Strong fist. I was so happy that I struck Ferme with my hand with healing magic and knocked her unconscious.

	Ferme collapsed with a regrettable expression.

	The black clothes that covered her body disappeared, melting into the ground.

	However—,

	“…Usato, your hands are all black?”

	“Eh?… Uwoo!?”

	I was surprised when hearing Neah’s words.

	My hands were covered with the magic that covered Ferme’s body. Ferme’s magical power, which had melted into her hands and sleeves of her clothes, quickly returned to her, but I was quite surprised that my hands were suddenly dyed black.

	It may have disappeared because the healing magic was released, but when I fought her before, this was not the case.

	What the hell happened…

	“…It looks like it’s over. And it’s about time. Let’s return the demon there to their original place.”

	“Oh, can you fix her magic tool?”

	“That’s no problem”

	It is unlikely that the current Ferme will cause damage to the surroundings, but for the safety of the people of the Lingle Kingdom, magical tools must be attached.

	When I saw the magic tool wrapped around Ferme’s neck again, I carried her to the front of the mirror.

	“……Ooo”

	At that moment, three minutes passed, and Ferme’s body was wrapped in light again.

	The mirror in front of me shines, and the appearance of Rose and Nack is reflected again.

	Rose only closed her eyes and folded her arms, but Nack was waiting for the next mirror to appear, staring at the place where the mirror would appear.

	The moment Ferme was drawn to the mirror surface with the light, Rose opened her eyes wide open and threw something at us.

	Something that flew at a tremendous speed entered the mirror surface at the same time as the mirror appeared, and jumped into the space where I was.

	“——Oops, that was dangerous. Hahaha, that flew like a shuriken.”

	“Uhhh, just now… did something fly out?”

	“Yeah, it looks like the captain threw something… It’s a folded paper and… a letter?”

	A suspicious line of sight pierced me from the surroundings when I caught it normally.

	I want you to stop looking at me as if I caught the letter without incident… Anyway, why did Rose throw that letter?

	When I opened the letter while tilting my head, I saw a concise sentence.

	[I’m not worried about you, but don’t neglect your training.]

	For some reason, this one sentence made me feel uneasy.

	I was happy with just that many sentences. It wasn’t shy or anything like that, and I was usually happy.

	“The other is… a letter from Nack?”

	This seems a little long to read here, so let’s read it slowly later.

	I kept the letter and looked up at Falga-sama while releasing the tension.

	“That fight just now was kinda…… should we fight again?”

	For me, I was happy to see the growth of my juniors, but the previous one was too horrible to even consider it a fight.

	However, Falga-sama slowly shook his head to my words.

	“No need. I have understood your power.”

	“…Um”

	“Dark magic is a special magic that reflects the spirit of the user. Originally, most users who follow a lonely fate do not allow anyone to heart and are confined to their own hearts. Therefore, many dark magicians are good at strong defenses, which means not showing their hearts to others, and counters, which means refusal to others.”

	……I don’t understand the meaning at all, but do you want to say that the magic of the dark system is special?

	“The one you called trusted you, albeit violently. That is, you did enough to do it. You opened her heart to those in the darkness — that alone was enough proof. That will be enough to measure your ability.”

	“Ferme has open to me…?”

	I feel like I was told to drop dead just a moment ago, but is that the way Ferme opens her heart?

	“…That’s radical.”

	“I don’t think it’s more radical than it can be straightforward, right?”

	“I do not think so?”

	“Yeah, that’s right. I’m sure.”

	Amako nods with a smile.

	Is it just not possible to be honest?

	If I think about it, it does seem like her to do that.

	“Usato, there is another reason why I tested you besides confirming your power.”

	“Another?”

	“It’s about finding out whether you should have that Katana.”

	To determine if I should have the hero’s knife?

	No, I shouldn’t have this. Because I’m not the hero.

	“I’ll give this back to you, the creator, because I’m not the original owner of this, and I can’t handle the power of this sword.”

	“No, you took the right test and pulled it out of his heart. From that point on, you are the only owner of the sole. — After that, all you have to do is dedicate it to you.”

	“…! Falga-sama!! Your body is no longer…”

	Norn-sama, who heard Falga-sama’s words, tried to stop him in a hurry.

	However, Falga-sama turned her sharp gaze toward Norn-sama and silenced her.

	“Don’t get me wrong. I’m not going to use the other two wings here. I’m not making weapons, I’m recreating them. I don’t have to separate my body, after all, there’s the ‘one wing’ in Usato’s hands.”

	“What on earth does that mean?”

	I don’t understand the meaning of his words.

	It sounded like it was related to Falga-sama’s life, and I wouldn’t want him to make a weapon if that were the case…

	“Every armor I create uses a part of my body. The cane that that inexperienced girl uses is my ‘claw’ and ‘scale’, and the “cane” that Karon has is my “tail”. And the two swords handled by the previous hero use two of my four ‘wings’.”

	“…In other words, the one wing you say is literally a part of your body…”

	“Yes. Originally a part of me, it’s easy to remake after hundreds of years.”

	Armor made using a part of a god dragon’s body.

	The reason why two of the two pairs of wings on Falga-sama’s back are torn off is probably because they have been used as a material for the hero’s weapon.

	It was decided that it would exert tremendous power.

	“The final shape is up to you. I just take that katana back to its previous stage, but it also takes time, maybe three to five days.”

	“…I understand. Thank you.”

	It’s true that it’s hard to deal with Karon-san.

	Moreover, if the armor he handles is known to be handled by a hero, I will not be able to compete unless I reach the same level as him.

	I present the knife to Falga-sama.

	“Umu, I did receive it. Inexperienced girl, I will start work immediately. It may be painful, but try to maintain the barrier. If you feel unconscious, rely on Usato, the healing magician.”

	“I understand. I will definitely protect it.”

	Norn-sama clasped the cane tightly.

	I could see an extraordinary determination in her eyes.

	Falga-sama turned his gaze towards Leona-san.

	“You on the other hand shall have training with Usato. You are a capable knight, but there are too many things missing.”

	“……Yes”

	Leona-san replied with a heavy voice, perhaps she understood herself.

	Falga-sama, who squinted at her reaction, continued to speak.

	“If you don’t agree with your position, your situation, everything, you’ll definitely be killed by Karon in the next battle. This isn’t a threat, if you don’t change, that will likely be the outcome.”

	“…But I am”

	Falga-sama silenced Leona-san who tried to argue, and said the following words with a feeling of intimidation.

	“Let me say this to the stubborn ‘Hero Leona’. A knight who seeks and depends on others for the significance of existence and cannot affirm herself. Understand that if you cannot acknowledge your existence, you will die a horrible death”

	“……!…… Yes”

	She nodded with a bitter expression and looked at me for a moment.

	The face was as if she didn’t want others to be told that she was a hero.

	“A hero?”

	I thought Karon was supposed to be the hero?

	Leona-san, a knight who denied being a hero.

	Norn, the queen who is struggling to protect the city.

	And, Falga-sama, the god dragon that makes a pair with the wicked dragon.

	In the face of two peculiar faces and the problems they had, I couldn’t help but foresee that not all of the events that would occur in the future would end well.





Chapter 106

	We returned to the castle from the basement with the fountain after finishing the conversation with Falga-sama and accepting the request to help fight with Karon-san.

	Norn-sama, who is trying to protect the city, and Leona-san, who is depressed in contrast to her made me feel uneasy, but for the time being we were assigned room for each of us, so I decided to take a rest.

	“As expected, the guest room of the castle is also luxurious…”

	The room given to me was huge and luxurious.

	I was accustomed to the rustic room back in the rescue squad’s dormitory, Kiriha’s dormitory, and a house in the barrier where Eva lives, so I couldn’t settle down in such a luxurious room.

	“…Well, I’m going to be here for some time, so I just have to get used to it.”

	Falga-sama will remake the hero’s sword to suit me in the span of 3-5 days.

	The shape and ability of the weapon was decided by me…… I say that but it seems that it will change to a weapon that is most suitable for me, like Karon-san’s weapon.

	“A weapon suitable for me, huh?”

	……Maybe a blunt weapon?

	Or something that makes the most of the speed of my feet?

	If I personally want it ―――,

	“I want something that can protect me.”

	It is easy to fight with any weapon, but it is difficult to defend against any attack.

	In particular, Karon-san’s attack is a powerful one that can be fatal. It is not a good idea to challenge him head-on.

	“Before that, I have to think about how I’m going to face Karon-san.”

	CQC with him is literally fierce.

	I’m confident that I can earn as much time as I can if I try to avoid and intercept, but I can’t beat him.

	The most ideal is to toss him at a short distance, deal a powerful blow and deprive him of his consciousness.

	A half-baked blow would not go through his body.

	Probably, the decisive hit against him is to get a serious hit like I did for the wicked dragon. His body is as hard as the wicked dragon, but not to that extent. That’s what I actually felt when I landed a hit at him.

	However, is it okay for me to hit him as a human with a serious fist that I used on the Wicked Dragon?

	“…It’s too dangerous to throw an attack without adjusting.”

	If I do poorly, it will be irreparable.

	There is a possibility that he will die before he is completely cured by healing magic.

	Wait a second, can I even deal such a big blow while avoiding his attack in the first place? It seems unlikely that Karon-san will allow me to accumulate power in a situation where a momentary gap is fatal.

	“There is still time. Let’s think about countermeasures while training.”

	For the time being, starting from tomorrow, let’s do some evasion training while doing some image training against Karon-san’s attack and controlling my power.

	Having made plans for tomorrow, when I lay down on the bed and tried to rest my body, the door to my room was suddenly knocked.

	“Usato, are you awake?”

	“Hmm, I’m awake”

	It’s Amako’s voice.

	I get up from the bed and invite Amako into the room.

	When asked, “What’s wrong?” while preparing a chair for her to sit on, Amako simply answered, “I was free.”

	“And I felt uneasy in such a large room.”

	“Haha, I understand that feeling.”

	If the room was too large, it would be uncomfortable.

	While laughing at her words, I also sat in the chair I placed.

	“Did you see Neah and Ark-san when you came here?”

	“Ark-san was maintaining his sword and Neah was already sleeping.”

	“Isn’t she going to bed early?”

	Although she’s a vampire, I feel that it’s becoming a routine for her to sleep early and wake up early.

	Normally night is her activity time, but recently Neah has longer activity time during the day. Somehow, she has an ambiguous expression on her, who is gradually obtaining a healthy lifestyle.

	“Are you tired after all?”

	“Well, you may be right. I may have been tired from traveling, but there was also today.”

	During the battle with Karon-san, Neah helped me.

	To be honest, it would have been dangerous without her resistant magic.

	……Because there is no way to deal with cold air, so I could still rely on Neah’s magic.

	“…I will help you this time too.”

	Amako suddenly said that to me while I was thinking.

	I immediately understood what she meant when she said that she would join the fight with Karon-san.

	“…Amako”

	“It’s okay. I’m not in danger, I’m just trying to do what I can. And Usato is… just crazy… So I’m really worried.”

	Certainly, it may be unreasonable this time as well.

	Seen from the edge, I’m really doing a tightrope walk.

	The time with the Wicked dragon, I fought alone and got a painful blow, and when I was cursed by Samaria, I was taken into the spiritual world by the souls bound by the curse without noticing the existence of the magician and almost destroyed my heart.

	The more I thought about it, the more I was doing things that worried her.

	“Haha, I’m sorry for worrying you.”

	“…Yeah. Usato should take good care of himself. No matter how strong you think you are, you’ll be ruined someday…… maybe?”

	Why did you give me such a convincing speech and ended it with a ‘maybe’ followed by a question mark?

	Amako, who was worried about whether it would really happen in her own words, looked at me with a delicate expression.

	“I want Usato to help my mother, but I don’t want Usato to sacrifice himself for that.”

	“I won’t sacrifice my life because I still have a lot to do.”

	Save Amako’s mother, finish the trip safely, and reunite with Inugami-senpai and Kazuki in the Kingdom of Lingle.

	There are still others, but I can’t fall down until I achieve it.

	“And starting tomorrow, I’ll be training to prepare my fight with Karon-san. Ark-san will participate and Leona-san will do it together, so we should be able to expect some results.”

	“I hope so…”

	“Is there anything you’re worried about?”

	When asking Amako with a delicate expression, she seemed to have a hard time turning her gaze diagonally.

	“I feel like………… they’re still hiding something from us.”

	“What would that be?”

	“I don’t know what that is…”

	……Hiding?

	Leona-san and the others are hiding something.

	It’s possible that they don’t want us to know seeing that we’re from different countries, but what is that? It’s definitely related to Karon-san… Hmm? Oh right…

	“Why did Karon-san have a dragon factor?”

	It was explained that he was not an ordinary person. I accepted that for the time being, but in the end they couldn’t tell me why he had the dragon factor.

	It may not be a very important part, but if Falga-sama and co intentionally hide the source of his power… Even I’ll be a little worried.

	“Amako, is it even possible for a person to transform into another race?”

	“…No. I’ve never heard of that, so it’s pretty weird that Karon is transformed into a dragon.”

	“It’s strange isn’t it?”

	“It might be a form of curse, or… maybe it has something to do with his kin. If his ancestors were mixed with subhuman blood, then a few generations later, that subhuman blood would appear to be strong.”

	“…Hmm”

	That means that Karon-san’s blood relatives were dragons.

	It’s straight out of a myth or a fairy tale.

	“Well, no matter what Karon-san’s lineage is, we’re still fighting. Norn-sama will tell us what they’re hiding in the future, so don’t worry too much.”

	“That’s right.”

	Amako nods with a smile.

	Yes, there is no need to know why Karon-san currently has a dragon factor.

	The problem is that his body has been strengthened by transforming into a dragon’s body. Perhaps his body turned into a dragon, triggered by a runaway night when the wicked dragon awoke.

	When he woke up, he got the dragon’s “violence”, and when he left prison, he wore the dragon’s “superhuman strength” and robust “scales”.

	And today — as an obvious change, he awaken to the dragon’s tail and horns.

	“…Either way, it’s a bad idea to prolong it.”

	If we do so, we might not be able to defeat him.

	“By the way. That demon called from the Kingdom of Lingle just now… Was she the so-called Black Knight?”

	“Hmm? Oh, that’s right.”

	Amako asked me, who had been thinking a little.

	Amako had seen the Black Knight in precognition, but never met Ferme, the true form of the Black Knight.

	“Somehow, it wasn’t what I expected.”

	“Haha, I thought so when I talked to her too.”

	“What kind of person is she? As far as I can see today, she seems like a strong person…”

	I talked to Amako about Ferme.

	I briefly explained that I fought her on the battlefield as the black knight, exchanged words in prison after being caught, and how she joined the rescue squad.

	“She’s a mad kid who can leave any injuries alone. Well, I was a little worried if she was doing well in the rescue squad because she’s also my junior. After meeting her for the first time in a while, I could see that she’s doing well.”

	Moreover, I didn’t think that the shape of the armor would transform into the shape of the rescue squad’s clothes.

	Although the person said she hates it, I wonder if it means that she didn’t hate the rescue squad that much?

	“…”

	“…?”

	Amako was suspiciously staring at me when I was happy that Ferme is doing well.

	“…Usato is”

	“Hmm?”

	“Unexpectedly, a womanizer.”

	“Wait a minute. Where did you learn those words? I won’t be angry so tell me.”

	Although I was so upset that I was in a commanding tone, I leaned forward and protested.

	I don’t mind when my senpai says that as a joke, but it’s pretty shocking to hear that from Amako.

	I’m about to cry.

	No, I was already crying.

	In the first place, even though I had never persuaded the opposite sex, I was not convinced that I was a womanizer.

	“Because that’s the only conclusion.”

	“No no no no, why must it end there? Rather, I want to be the one asking back why I’m called as such!?”

	Amako has a sharp mouth.

	I desperately excused myself, but her eyes did not change.

	Then I tried to prove my innocence by gesturing, but in the end, the story ended with Amako giving me the disgraceful title of “Usato the dunce”.

	* * *

	The day after visiting Mia Rak.

	I rested in a large room I wasn’t used to, and after having breakfast prepared by the maid, I went to the training ground of the castle of Mia Rak.

	Only me and Ark-san are in the training ground, Amako went to give Bluerin food, and Neah does not want to go out, so she asked the maid to guide her to the library where the book of Mia Rak is stored.

	The training ground of Miarak was made wider than expected, and when I stood there, I started a light preparatory exercise.

	“Phew~”

	I wasn’t wearing the rescue squad uniform, but clothes for training.

	For training, the uniform can get dirty, so wearing these clothes could make me move however I want.

	“Well, I’ll always do it on the street… I can’t really get the feel of it, so I have to set a proper goal.”

	Instead of having those hellish training sessions, this time I’ll set some clear guidelines.

	Karon-san is not a sweet opponent who can win with appropriate measures. The easy idea of training my muscle to out-win him is not a viable strategy.

	……The problem right now is that I don’t know what to do first.

	“Usato”

	“What is it, Ark-san?”

	Ark-san called out to me, who called out to me while twisting his neck.

	Because of his usual training, he wore simple clothes like me and had a wooden sword in his hand.

	“It seems like you’re worried, so I thought I’d give you one piece of advice.”

	“That helps. I can do it if I train, but I don’t know what to do if I assume that I will fight…”

	My way of fighting is only a combination of bare amateur fighting and sudden hits using healing magic bullets.

	There is no solid technique.

	“No, in the case of Usato-dono, there is a way to fight, but you didn’t learn any fighting techniques, so it can’t be helped in a sense.”

	“What so?”

	“Yes, but the battle with the wicked dragon, and the curse of Samaria… The battle with Karon this time might not be as simple as that. To protect Usato-dono, you need to have the skills to fight.”

	Certainly, our next destination is the land of beastmen.

	It is a country of subhumans who dislike humans. There is no reason why nothing will happen to us going to such a country.

	Even at that time, it is not always possible to survive only with a fighting method that is biased toward physical ability.

	“Ark-san, please teach me how to fight.”

	Ark-san nods to my words.

	He is a first-class knight. It’s definitely better to study under him than to train myself.

	“Then, first of all, I want to check the movement of Usato-san, so try hitting me.”

	“Wait, so suddenly?”

	“Yes, I won’t know what to look for.”

	……If I think about it, it’s the second time I’ve fought against Ark-san.

	The first time was when Neah manipulated him, but it was not possible to measure his ability because Ark-san’s original ability was not demonstrated.

	“Using magic is allowed, so please be as serious as possible. Otherwise it is meaningless.”

	“Uhh, are you really okay?”

	“In case of emergency, Usato-dono will cure me.”

	Ark-san jokingly said that, but the fact that there is a use of magic means that Ark-san would also use fire.

	His ability backed by solid experience and skill will be considerable.

	Don’t let your guard down here, let’s challenge with the intention of actually winning.

	I took a small deep breath, and I looked at Ark-san, who was checking the condition of the wooden sword, and moved to the center of the training ground where there was no damage around him.

	“—Wait please”

	“Hmm?”

	However, when we tried to move to the center of the training ground, a woman appeared from the castle.

	“Eh, Leona-san?”

	“…I’m sorry for suddenly interrupting.”

	She walked up to this place while shaking her blonde hair that was tied together — Leona-san glanced at me with a slightly thoughtful expression and then spoke to Ark-san.

	“Ark-dono, that role… can you leave it to me?”

	“Eh?”

	So Leona-san is going to par against me?

	I wondered why she made such a proposal, but I remembered what Falga-sama said to Leona-san yesterday and thought that was the reason.

	“For me, I do not mind such a suggestion as a fellow knight… What about Usato-dono?”

	“I don’t mind”

	Both I and Ark-san know that Leona-san is a strong person. There can be no shortage of her who can fight Karon-san head-on.

	……And it’s my personal feeling, but I feel the danger that I can’t leave this person.

	I don’t know what kind of problem she has, but it doesn’t start without first stepping on it.

	“Thank you for listening to such an unreasonable wish.”

	She bowed beautifully and walked to the center of the training ground with the wooden sword she already had.

	Ark-san talked to me who was seeing off the situation.

	“She is quite capable. There is no doubt that she is more experienced and skilled than Usato-dono. Stay alert and fight the best you can.”

	“My way of fighting… yes, I understand.”

	It may be a good opportunity to see how well my fighting style is understood in the current situation.

	Unlike the first time, the other party was not Ark-san, but it may be a good partner to spar because we still don’t know Leona-san’s movement at all.

	“Well, wouldn’t know unless we tried right?”

	Muttering so, I headed to the center of the training ground where Leona-san was.





Chapter 107

	No matter how strong the enemy is, never back down but confront it.

	Believe in your strength and push forward.

	A warrior with noble and indistinguishable kindness.

	That was the figure of the hero I envisioned.

	Originally, that should have been a title suitable for Karon.

	Unlike a knight who is dexterous like me, he is the strongest and best knight in Mia Rak, who has a beautiful sword skill that combines boldness and delicacy, plus he has an outstanding command ability.

	The title that was supposed to be given to him has been given to me.

	The honour of being a hero was only a burden to me.

	I knew well that it was an unavoidable story.

	In a situation where Karon, who is already one of the best in Mia Rak, awakens to the power of the dragon, runs away, and no one can handle him, someone other than Karon must support Mia Rak.

	Besides, I was selected as his next candidate.

	I was chosen because I was just dexterous. ――― That’s the story.

	A boy is standing in front of me now.

	Usato, a messenger from the Kingdom of Lingle.

	He faced me without any weapons and looked like your stereotypical adolescent boy you see.

	When I first saw him, I was on the verge of being stabbed by Karon. At that time, I was only aware that he was a boy who had been involved in the battle, and I warned him to escape immediately, but my perception of him changed immediately.

	He hit Karon with his fist.

	I know best how unusual it is to hit Karon with the power of a dragon. I would’ve been convinced if it was a big and muscular person, but I was astonished and awe-inspired that a boy younger than me did it.

	[He sees something different from you.]

	Those were the words that Falga-sama said after Usato and his friends had arrived yesterday.

	I had no choice but to oblige to his words.

	[If you don’t understand the meaning of my words, fight. He’s the best way to get rid of your hesitation. But don’t think you can take him easy. A person that overthrew the other half of my body even though the opponent was weakened. It’s not strange to be conscious of a moment of carelessness.]

	Fight with Usato.

	What can I gain by fighting with him?

	What does he put in his fist?

	I wanted to know that, and thus I decided to fight him and I am standing here now.

	“Leona-san. I will now explain the rules, is that okay?”

	“Eh? Ah, ah”

	I nodded to Ark-san who started speaking.

	When he nodded to my reply, he stood in the middle of me and Usato.

	“Basically, weapons are allowed. You can also use magic. It is desirable to fight seriously, but please do not do so where serious injuries may occur. Usato is particularly indifferent to injuries.”

	“Yeah got it.”

	“Acknowledged”

	“Then, I will give you a signal. If I decide that it is dangerous, I will stop it, so please be able to hold both sides at that time.”

	Ark-san, who said so walked a little further away from us…

	Be serious…

	It was my first time fighting a healing magician, but I didn’t think I would be so nervous. His fist is so powerful that if an ordinary person gets hit by it, their consciousness will fly with a single blow. And given that it’s released with incredible agility, it’s clear that it’s not a vigilant opponent.

	But —,

	“It’s not that I can’t handle it.”

	I was watching his movements nearby, albeit temporarily, and immediately noticed.

	The fragile part that he lacks and can be called a weak point.

	Probably it would be difficult to explain by mouth. It is not something that can be supplemented overnight, but something that you will acquire after training and actual battles.

	“Please take care of me, Leona-san.”

	“Oh, likewise.”

	After giving a bow to each other, Usato held his fist and pulled his leg half a step back.

	I also replied to him, clasped the wooden sword with both hands, and held it horizontally with the tip facing him.

	“Then —“

	Ark-san’s voice echoes in the quiet training ground.

	Usato’s eyes change to sharp ones.

	Because of his spirit, which changed from an ordinary boy to a fighter, I also put my strength into both hands holding the handle.

	Ark-san, who saw us alternately at the training ground where the air gradually became tense, slowly raised his hand up ―――,

	“—Battle!!”

	―――― He swung down powerfully as it was.

	At the moment, Usato was already raising his fist in front of me when I was about to fight.

	“Tsu!”

	He closed in with one breath!?

	The overwhelming speed of initial movement, his extraordinary reflexes made my spine cold.

	“But!”

	In a sense, I could have expected this to happen.

