	“Hmm?”

	What is it? It’s nice to have a healing blindness, but wasn’t it unnaturally rigid?

	“Such cowardice!”

	The fifth knight who shook his body on the left tried piercing me while my eyes were on the other knight.

	“Sorry, but I’m not a knight.”

	I avoided the piercing in a half-body shape all while speaking, and counter back with a healing restraint fist.

	I looked down at the knight falling from his knees and turned around as it was.

	A while ago, the knight who received my healing bullet…

	“…He has already fainted.”

	Somehow he was covering his face with white eyes and fell. Moreover, it’s covered with tears and runny nose.

	What does that mean? This person just received a healing bullet, so he should have been able to fight.

	……No way, even for healing bullets —,

	“Uoo!?”

	“Chi!”

	Because I was distracted by the knight who fainted for some reason, I was late to notice Fegnis’s attack.

	I immediately back down, and holding a fist, Neah, who was on the shoulder, was angry while hitting my cheeks.

	“Usato, what were you hooting at?! I don’t care if you get hit, but I’m weak to physical damage okay!?”

	“No way, even I would get hurt if I was cut with a sword.”

	“It wouldn’t just be painful!? You idiot!”

	Since I’ve dodged it, you don’t have to be so angry at me…

	I quench the angry Neah and turn to Fegnis.

	“You are the last”

	“How……”

	Fegnis muttered something with a small voice.

	“Yes?”

	“Why! You have such power, but you want to become the rescue squad for the Kingdom of Lingle!? If you put yourself in a proper position, you should be able to achieve great results! You should be able to help many people.”

	He desperately said and somehow sighed.

	Most of the people he says are for the sake of the Samaria people, and nothing else. The attitude of thinking only about the people in my own country is great, but for me, the words sound awful and selfish.

	“After all, you don’t understand.”

	“What……?”

	“I’m in the rescue squad because it’s my house. It doesn’t matter what the position is, the reason I act is always simple.”

	I glance at Lucas-sama and Eva at the back, as they look forward and laugh while being shy.

	“I’m here because I wanted to help, because she doesn’t want to disappear.”

	While in the war with the Demon King, Kazuki, Senpai, Amako, Naak, and Neah, all acted in the same way.

	I don’t need any more reasons.

	“…”

	Fegnis, listening to my words, looked like he had given up somewhere.

	In the meantime, I used healing magic and created a healing bullet in my right hand.

	As Neah subsequently released the magic of restraint, I understood why the knight who received the healing magic bullet had fallen.

	“Let’s end this.”

	“I’m not weak enough to be defeated so easily…!”

	No, you’re finished without doing anything.

	I cast a healing magic bullet at Fegnis, and at the same time I start running at him.

	“I know that technique! If I can read the orbit!

	He swung his sword to the side and accurately cut the healing bullet.

	“I can see that.”

	You’re called the Captain for a reason, you can cut off as much of the healing bullet as I threw. Moreover, since it is a mass of healing magic, it will recover you.

	But that’s the story if the healing bullet was normal.

	“——–Ugh, what!?”

	His arms which are holding onto the sword and cutting off the healing bullet are wrapped in the light of the healing magic and at the same time they are bound by the technique of restraint.

	“I told you. I’m not alone…!”

	“Curse youuuu!”

	Fegnis, who can’t move his arms and makes a distressing voice, strikes the healing restraint fist three times.

	Fegnis, whose movement was completely blocked by the magic of restraint for three shots, stopped moving while standing upright.

	“Did he faint?”

	The royal family seeking a hero continued to suffer from a dreadful curse, and the magician family seeking a hero continued to protect the curse for the next hero for hundreds of years.

	Depending on how you think, this person may have been trapped in the curse of Samaria.

	“Hey, Usato”

	“What? What happened?”

	While looking at Fegnis, who had fainted while standing, I was thinking about it for a while, and Neah, who was pulling a little, came to me.

	“No way, you… have you added magical properties to the healing bullets?”

	“I was doing it unconsciously… Well, I can do it if I try.”

	I did what I did, I just added the effect of restraint magic to the healing bullet.

	If you hit the target, the healing bullet with the restraint magic that has landed can limit the movement of the opponent for a short time.

	Perhaps that knight who fainted without knowing, was struck by a healing bullet with magical effect on his face and fainted with fear that his face did not move at all.

	I have devised an extremely naive technique.

	“Wow, I didn’t know it because I didn’t use magic, but… Usato really does a slant above his expectations… I’m not overwhelmed by the idea that the other person is incapacitated.”

	“But it’s okay because the other party is still intact.”

	“Eh… I didn’t think of that…”

	It’s not an admiration, but rather an unreasonable feeling from her.

	Well, it feels familiar to someone. Anyway, in addition to the healing restraint fist and the healing restraint throw, I made a new technique again.

	This should have a new name…!

	“Let’s name it…… healing restraint bullet, how about that?”

	“Usato has no catastrophic naming sense…”

	I was slightly hurt by her retort.

	But with this, we can finally confront the curse.

	“…Okay. Is Lucas-sama and Eva injured?”

	While fighting with Fegnis and others, I look back to see if the two people behind have been hurt. The two people in the back had a stunned look, but when Eva, who was held up by Lucas-sama, had her eyes glittering.

	“Usato-san really is far from being human! It’s really amazing!”

	“…”

	“Oh, hey Eva! No matter how honest you are, you can’t say that!?”

	I just noticed.

	Rather than being distracted and being told that I’m far from human, it is more deeply pierced to my heart when being told with respected eyes.

	Flicking the laughing Neah on my shoulder, I slightly dropped my shoulders…

	“…Lucas-sama, what are we going to do with Fegnis and his knights?”

	“They won’t wake up for the time being, so we can leave them for now. I’m more worried about the time.”

	“I understand”

	Certainly, I’m scared of time now.

	Since the bell that supplies magical power is destroyed, the curse of the main body may disappear. If it disappeared naturally before destroying the curse, Samaria’s royal family and people would be released from the curse, but Eva, who had already been deprived of body and soul, would disappear forever.

	I absolutely must avoid such a situation.

	“Okay, let’s hurry. I’ll explain about this guy along the way.”

	Pointing at Neah and saying, Lucas-sama nods.

	We left the fainted Fegnis and others, and we started to proceed to the end of the aisle.





Chapter 94

	After defeating Fegnis and traveling through the castle, I explained to Lucas and Eva about Neah, the familiar monster that had been disguised as an owl along the way.

	Lucas-sama was very surprised when I explained that Neah was a half of a vampire and a necromancer.

	On the other hand, Eva seems intrigued by Neahh that has transformed from an owl to a person.

	“So you know the exact location of the curse,, right Neah?”

	“Of course. That’s why I’m leading the way?”

	Neah walks in front with her black-hair waving back and forth.

	Our footsteps echo throughout the castle, which is illuminated only by the lights of magic tools.

	“Usato, I assume that you know, but I’ll just ask again.”

	“Hmm?”

	“The two of you behind should listen as well.”

	Neah spoke out while facing forward.

	“Usato and I are the ones fighting the curse. You two just have to look.”

	“…Yeah. To be honest, I’m just a king, so I’ll oversee the battle.”

	“It’s good that you understand. Well then, should I also remind you that we might fail?”

	“Oi, Neah…”

	Watching Lucas stressed to that word, I warned Neah.

	However, she stares back at me.

	“There is no guarantee that the curse will be destroyed, so you have to be prepared for the worst.”

	“–But”

	“It’s okay, Usato… Please continue.”

	Lucas shows a serious expression.

	Neah quietly opened her mouth.

	“…The curse is on the verge of disappearing because the bell that was the source of the magical power was destroyed. It is not a bad thing to disappear since these are the captured souls who curse the Samaria royalty. As for Eva, the soul and presence that she has taken will be lost forever.”

	“…Yes, that means I can’t live for too long…”

	Since her life has been cut off, she may not be able to live for a year at worst.

	Eva muttered and painfully felt a tingle.

	“Well, in order not to do that, this hobbyist is trying to destroy the curse. But if it fails… For example, if the curse is difficult to destroy, or Usato is in danger. If that were the case, we’ll give up on breaking the curse.”

	If we fall into a situation where we cannot do anything about the curse, we have to pull back.

	“It’s more dangerous than it was originally. To get her soul and existence back, I have to be close to Eva. But my resistance spell can only be applied to either Usato or Eva. However, if the curse had a clear intention, then Eva, who would be unprotected, would be targeted… No matter how monstrous Usato is, I don’t think he’s able to overwhelm hundreds of curses?”

	“……Aah.”

	“…Can you not show me as if you’re not convinced. I’m not saying that you can’t…… That’s why I’ll do my best to help.”

	Neah turned awkwardly and said so, but I who was a grimace also leaked a smile.

	We were enemies just recently, but after getting to know each other, she’s more human than you think.

	Eva was smiling happily to me, looking at Neah walking forward, and she was happily talking to me.

	“Usato and Neah are very close friends.”

	“It’s a little different from being close to each other. It may be more correct to say it’s a matter of trust.”

	“Fufufu…”

	Eva smiles cynically, but it didn’t hold any power.

	Maybe her body isn’t the best. If she doesn’t regain her existence and life, she won’t be able to move and live a short life.

	“What’s wrong……?”

	Eva turns and looks at me worryingly when I have become silent.

	I don’t want to think about what happens after I make a mistake.

	However, there is no guarantee that we’ll be 100% successful.

	As Neah puts it, I must destroy the curse, thinking of the worst possibility.

	“We’ve arrived.”

	While indulging in thought, Neah stops in front of a large door.

	The place we stopped is……!

	“This door is…”

	Lucas-sama, looking at the door illuminated by the magic tool’s lights, is astonished with his eyes wide open.

	“No way… is this the place…!?”

	“Yes. It was very easy to find. After all, the king at that time seemed to have a strong desire to reveal himself.”

	――There is a throne.

	The place I was invited to this castle, the first place I met Lucas-sama. This was where the curse that had been eating away at the Samaria royal family was hidden.

	“It was so close… I couldn’t notice…”

	Neah enters the hall with the throne, and walks to the wall behind the throne without hesitation. She cleverly touched the wall, nodded, and opened her mouth.

	“Usato, can you break this wall?”

	“Can you not assume that I can just break a wall this thick…… Well, I’ll try it.”

	It looks like a hardened wall, but can it be easily destroyed?

	While I was a little worried if I could break it myself, I rushed into the wall with a straight kick and hit, and my legs pierced the wall more easily than expected and collapsed.

	Beyond the collapsed wall, a spiral staircase leading to the back and a dull, creepy breeze blow.

	“It was surprisingly easy to break because there was such a space behind the wall…”

	It was the king at the time that instructed the hero to be bound, so it is natural to put the body of the curse in a familiar place.

	Reason why it could be easily destroyed——

	“Not really though, it’s not a wall that’s so easy to destroy…”

	“Wow, Mr. Usato is amazing…”

	“…”

	The feeling of dejavu courses through me as they reacted to me from behind…

	Why am I having flashbacks about the situation when I hit the target back in Lukvis?

	……No, let’s switch feelings.

	“Okay. Transform into an owl, Neah. Lucas-sama, please don’t let go of Eva and stay behind me.”

	“Yes”

	The transformed Neah rides on my shoulder.

	Lucas-sama also picks up Eva so as to be careful, and goes down behind me.

	“Well, there’s a big curse below this. Keep that in mind, Usato.”

	“Yeah, I’ll hit it with all my might”

	I clenched my fist strongly and said that, I began to go down the stairs so as not to slow down.

	A hidden room was hidden behind the throne.

	We set foot on the spiral staircase, and we went down the stairs with great caution.

	Neah illuminated our path with the light of the magic tool that she sneaked from the castle sometime ago, and after going down the stairs, the green light that stands out in the darkness is visible.

	With that light in front of me, I took a deep breath again and stepped into the space where the light was leaking.

	“……! This is……”

	The space where the light leaked was a place like an altar.

	Although it was covered with dust as a whole, there was a space that could accommodate dozens of people, and the altar in the back had a crystal ball that emitted a green light to enshrine something.

	Probably that is the core of the curse.

	I understand without Neah saying. You can see the magical patterns moving in the crystal as if they were mixing, and above all, the atmosphere that seems to be dangerous is transmitted briskly.

	――――――、

	“…Usato”

	“Yeah, there’s more than yesterday’s.”

	I know this because I faced the curse last night.

	This rough and unpleasant feeling, like a lot of eyes, are directed at us.

	It’s kind of like a curse inside my stomach.

	“…”

	“Eva, are you okay?”

	I wonder if Eva felt the same thing as me.

	Lucas-sama was worried, and when he called out, Eva screamed at me as she squeezes her hand.

	“Usato-san… I know this feeling…”

	“Know?”

	When I ask Eva that while looking back, she shakes her voice as if she was frightened.

	“It’s the same as a dream. With those who had a grudge on me…”

	“You don’t have to say it anymore. I know what you mean.”

	“……Okay”

	In other words, it was the curse’s work that caused her to have nightmares.

	I thought that the people of Samaria had a lot of resentment, but they often try to hunt down in her dreams.

	“…Wait. Then…”

	Who are the people who protected her in the dream that the curse would have shown?

	The Samaria people, who have a grudge against the royal family, can’t protect Eva.

	Maybe—

	“Usato! As I expected, the curse has a core! I’ll break it before the curse really moves!”

	“…Aaah”

	Neah who looked at the crystal on the altar excitedly moved and said that while flapping her wings.

	“Is it possible to break it just by hitting it? Isn’t it necessary to break the curse first?”

	“I was thinking about using it, but I don’t need it. That crystal is, so to speak, a wedge that binds the soul to this world. Unlike magic, it is made by a person, so if you break it, the soul that was trapped will be released…”

	I’m a little uneasy, but if she says so, I’ll obey.

	However, it seems like what I would’ve done too…

	“You did say to break it, but shouldn’t we leave such a brute force method as a last resort…!”

	“What are you talking about now, even though you can only use your fist…”

	So rude. Even I would think before I hit.

	Well, it’s quick because you don’t have to think about it. All you have to do is break the crystal in front of you without thinking.

	I guessed that’s my purpose here, Skeletons appearing from all over the hall that could not be compared to last night.

	“–Aaaa”

	“Hee-r…”

	“Ah”

	“Looks like they’ve gathered…! Neah, let’s end them in an instant! Switch the resistance magic to me at the right time! Lucas-sama, Eva is defenseless for a while! Call me when it’s dangerous!”

	“Okay, be careful!”

	“Yes!”

	I confirmed with Neah on my shoulder as she nodded, and I touched Eva’s shoulder lightly held by Lucas-sama.

	If I am equipped with resistance magic, I can ignore the skeletons and go to destroy the curse in the shortest distance. Eva may be defenseless by that amount, but I will destroy it before that happens…!

	“Now!”

	“Shhh!”

	Neah’s dispel activates, and at the same time the resistant magic that covers Eva’s body jumps out to the front.

	“Let’s go Neah!”

	“I know!”

	Then, the magic of resistance is put on the body, and the magic of restraint is put on both hands.

	The skeletons start moving due to my sudden action, but the movement is slow.

	A skeleton reaching out from the ground——————

	Also the skeletons that attacked from the ceiling―――、

	They can’t keep up with my speed.

	“Hmmmp!!”

	“Gi,……!?”

	I dealt with the annoying skeleton floating in the front with a Healing Restraint Fist without difficulty, and after accelerating, I drew my right arm and squeezed my fist tightly.

	The distance to the altar is approaching.

	After that, I just have to hit with my fist directly…!

	“This is the end!!”

	A clenched fist is swung down at the altar.

	However, it was up to that point.

	“Ahhhhh”

	“Goo, Kee”

	“What!?”

	Cling clang!!, and after hearing the sound of multiple chains, several skeletons cracked into the wall at a tremendous speed like it cut between the fist and the crystal…

	The fist that was supposed to hit the crystal was blocked by the skeleton that became a wall, and the direction was shifted.

	“What?! The skeletons being pulled by the chains are connected to the wall…!?”

	“What is this?! Now, the chain has moved regardless of their intentions! Usato, let’s back down for now! Maybe I’ve made a ridiculous misunderstanding…”

	“It’s no use pulling back! Let’s hit it again! Oraa!!”

	“Are you even listening to me!?”

	If I can stop it, I might as well try.

	Raising my fist again and trying to swing it down, the skeletons block in the same way as before, but this time I will hit it until it breaks with both arms so that there is no problem even if they’re blocking!

	I tried to stick out the right fist while ignoring the control of Neah ―――、

	“Sto-, plea-“

	“Wow!!”

	A small, child-sized skeleton pulled out in front of my face. Instead of screaming, my fists stopped because of those begging words.

	Can’t believe they’re using such hands…!

	Pulling the fist that was sticking out and descending from the spot, the frustrated Neah looked at me.

	“This is certainly unexpected. It would have been nice if I had the intention. But this is… obviously someone with a different intention from the skeleton that wants to openly disturb us! “

	“It’s different from a skeleton…”

	While protecting the altar in front of us, I avoided the skeletons that attack from the surroundings — No, watch the skeletons that are being protected.

	The chain connected to that collar. That stretches from the ceiling/wall and forces the skeletons to move. I have an unspeakable anger towards them, who are forced to be pulled in front of the altar like slaves.

	“Bullshit……!”

	Is this what it means? An existence that uses the people of the Samaria people who are suffering from the curse of their souls?

	If this really exists, what happens next after they prevent the altar from being destroyed?

	Currently, they can’t stop me as I’m being protected by Neah’s magic, even if I dodge dozens or hundreds of skeletons.

	The means to show me the gap is that ―――

	“Usato, there is a curse here!”

	“—Eva!!”

	At the same time, I heard Lucas-sama’s voice from behind, turn around.

	Turning around, Eva is surrounded by many skeletons and Lucas-sama who hugged her is protecting her.

	“I’m coming now… hh!?”

	Although I tried to go to help, suddenly the movement of my legs was hindered and I was about to fall.

	Looking at the foot, the chain that was connected to the skeleton was wrapped around.

	“Tsk, you!!”

	Resistance magic is limited to “curse”, so it cannot be prevented otherwise.

	The chain can be released immediately, but Eva is in danger while doing so.

	Moreover, there are countless skeletons heading here as well, probably to stop me.

	………… I have no time to hesitate!

	“Neah, cancel the magic that is applying to me!!”

	“Huh!? Don’t be stupid! You know what happens if I remove the magic that protects you in such a place!?”

	“Please!”

	“…Argh! Alright alright! Why am I even being good with you! Seriously! Don’t you die on me okay!?”

	The magic of resistance applied to me was released, leaving me unprotected against curses.

	Regardless of that, I grab Neah that is on my shoulder all the time.

	“Let me apologize for now! Sorry!”

	“Eh!? Why are you holding me… Wait!? No way…”

	I’ll leave you to help Eva and Lucas-sama!!

	I lightly threw Neah towards Eva and Lucas-sama. Neah screamed, but soon unraveled and returned to the original vampire form, landing near the two.

	She gazes at me with teary eyes and when she shakes her hands with Eva and Lucas-sama who have round eyes, she activates magic and moves away the curse.

	“…!”

	Shortly after I was relieved, the skeleton, which had a chain entwined around my leg, caught my foot and I suffered the same headache as last night.

	I immediately trampled the skeleton at my feet and wielded a fist at the skeleton attacking from all sides.

	――― Kaka

	Every time the fragments of skeletons shattered around myr feet, the bones increased like a mountain, and I could hear the ridiculous laughter.

	――― Kakaka

	The number and playback speed are much faster than last night.

	I couldn’t make it in time, and two skeletons were attached to my back and legs, pushing my teeth.

	“—-Huh…!? You think this kinda shit can stop me!!”

	―――Wha!?

	I smashed the skeleton that was entangled in my body, crushed it with a turning kick, I grabbed another skeleton and crushed several pieces together and smashed them into pieces.

	―――It is not possible with a decent method, so let’s destroy the soul with the appropriate number and means.

	“…Who are you!”

	Suddenly, a voice echoes in my head, different from the laughter.

	I tried to find the master of that voice, but at the next moment, I threw the skeletons holding the chains connected to my neck all around me all at once.

	“Ku, this is…!”

	The skeletons that were shot down just before bite into the whole body, as if I were looking at my gap in which my limbs were restrained and I was unable to move for a moment, due to the chains flying like creatures from the front and back and left and right.

	“But…”

	Skeletons entwined and biting with both arms.

	I could not stand properly because of the extraordinary pain that could not be compared to last night, as I kneel down.

	“Usato-san!”

	A mockery that was not heard before.

	The voice of Eva calling for my name.

	The skeletons attacking me filled my field of vision, and the next skeleton showed me was literally a sight of death.





Chapter 95

	“You don’t say…!!”

	Usato was being swallowed by a skeleton in front of him.

	While he could not move him, I was looking at him and immediately suppressed the desire to rescue him, and continued to supply magic to Lucas and Eva.

	“Neah-chan, Usato-san is…!”

	“Worry about yourself now! If you leave now, you’re gonna cause another Usato!”

	Resistance magic can only be applied to one target.

	Because I am touching Lucas and Eva now, the effect of resistance magic is being activated, and if either Lucas or Eva separates, it will move away from the range of effect of resistance magic.

	“I’m sorry. I can’t fight, and I’m stuck in between, so Usato…”

	“That’s right, Usato won’t falter to that extent! Don’t say anything unnecessary, just worry about yourself!!”

	I’m talking to Lucas with a pessimistic look behind me, but I’m starting to be impatient.

	Usato is strong against physical attacks, but weak against mental attacks.

	If he’s already suffering from mental attacks of only a few skeletons as of last night, and now he’s eating countless skeletons, Usato’s heart may be broken.

	My lord ends here, and I, the servant who disappeared from the lord, becomes a stray monster as before.

	“…Fu, fufu”

	What the heck am I thinking?

	I should have been prepared to die before becoming Usato’s familiar.

	There is no place to go back now. Strictly speaking, Usato’s status as a familiar is now where he is.

	It may be okay to give up my life here for the person who decided to go all out to the outside world for a short time.

	“——I’ll be with you until the end. Whether it succeeds or fails, I will fulfill my role as a familiar!”

	“Gee!!”

	“Ga!”

	“I’ll show you what I’m capable of!!!”

	Similarly to when it caught Usato, with a thin smile, the skeleton threw a chain here, and I devoted more magic to resistance magic.

	Then, the resistant magical pattern that covers us three emerges like a bulge and transforms into a spherical barrier.

	“Show me what you got…!”

	In this case, neither the curse itself nor the chain can be touched. Instead, the magic is completely fixed on the spot, and it uses a lot of magical power, but it should be quite effective against these opponents.

	“A… bodaaaa!!!”

	The barrier will repel all the chains thrown by the skeletons.

	Although there are some skeletons who hit their bodies with all their might, it has no effect.

	“Neah-chan!? To protect us…”

	“I’m doing this because Usato said he’s going to help you!” So you should stay silent and just watch!!”

	To withstand the impact of the skeletons coming in, I stick my hands forward and concentrate on maintaining my magic.

	Resistance magic is certainly a powerful magic, but it is not a magic that is invincible. It can endure any number of attacks with the set resistance, but it is not very strong against other attacks.

	Therefore, I have no choice but to use magic to reinforce the load caused by shock and weight…!!

	[I guess it’s better to be straightforward?]

	“…!!”



	While enduring the onslaught of skeletons, an individual appears from the floor in front of the altar that gives off a distinctly different atmosphere than the skeletons I’ve seen so far.

	Although it is a skeleton, it had an expensive robe which had a tattered and a cane, uttering words with rattling rattles.

	“You finally appeared…!”

	“I have only come out of the slightest whim. The healing magician is already in my hands, after that I can accomplish and fulfill what my lord has dreamt off.”

	When the person in front raises his hand, the chain extending from the neck of the skeleton is pulled back, and the attack is forcibly stopped.

	Whimsical, I think he actually showed up after seeing that the skeletons can’t hold back.

	Moreover, in addition to being able to communicate with others, it means that he can handle curses to some extent because he stopped attacking.

	And from his word of fulfilling his lord—

	“You’re quite an obsessed prick huh, magician. It’s not sane to tie your dead soul to a curse, pretending to be a death sentence.”

	“A magician? No way, is he the magician who has been executed by the king with the intent of sacrificing other people!?”

	It’s no surprise that Lucas is surprised.

	No way, I don’t think a human being who lived hundreds of years ago is obsessed with a hero even by binding himself to a curse.

	“It’s a funny story to think about. The king and the magician sacrificed their people of Samaria to a curse, but for some reason only the royal family was cursed. Originally, the descendant of the magician, the Fegnis clan would only be cursed. It’s funny that he hasn’t been cursed either, because he was only transferring the direction of the curse to the royal family.

	[It’s almost correct. But it’s also to help keep my curse.]

	――In other words, Fegnis was also used to prevent death.

	Thinking so, the teaching that makes a hero to be so obsessed is also like a curse.

	“What are you going to do with Usato?” Either way, if you lose the source of magical power, you are destined to disappear. Even if you are convinced of winning, it is only temporary.”

	[Kuku, Kukuku…]

	What’s wrong?

	The magician who shrugs his shoulder screamed when he turned his hollow eyes toward me.

	[I don’t need to supply magic power anymore]

	“……What do you mean?”

	[It is also possible to bind the soul to the body by using “My magic, the magic of bondage”. If I can get a new body, I don’t need the supply of magic or the existing curse.’]

	“That’s an unreasonable thing to do…! Dead people are not allowed to come to life again, let alone dead people taking over living people… It’s impossible!”

	[You seem to have noticed. But that healing magician is going to become my new body.]

	The purpose was not to bind Usato to Samaril, but to take over Usato’s body!?

	A mental attack in which Usato is being hit by skeletons.

	If dozens or hundreds of people’s thoughts are poured into at once, the mind of a normal person will break.

	The skeleton who saw me who changed the blood phase after reaching that thought again screamed and gave an unpleasant laughter.

	[They really are simpletons. They’re just clowns that seek on unfulfilled wishes and rush to the living people. However, there are still many. If a regular person can see the voice and memory of a grudge that they can’t stand listening to, they could break their hearts.]

	“Then Usato…!”

	[I’m sure he’s watching the scene of hell endlessly]

	I look at Usato surrounded by skeletons.

	He cannot be seen because he is surrounded by a tremendous number of skeletons, but he continues to see the hatred and detestable memories of the people of Samaria.

	If you are a normal person, it will take less than a minute.

	“Please stop… why are you doing that?”

	Eva asks the magician with a quiet voice.

	The magician mocked and laughed with his nose.

	[The reason is simple. I adore the hero. I sought a hero because I worship him. I caught and tried to make it eternal. As a result, it failed.]

	“Yeah. You can’t bind the hero who defeats the wicked dragon with your own magic.”

	Certainly magic is powerful, but it is easily dealt with by far more sophisticated opponents.

	Of course, the target is a hero who even defeated the wicked dragon. The power of the element is also terrible, and above all, you won’t win with just strength.

	[…At that time he just patted me with all my curses. He disappeared without breaking the curse. As if this was my punishment, my crime.]

	“If so, if you make an effort to feed on that failure–“

	[Shut up, you naive little girl]

	For the first time, a magical voice is emitted from the magician.

	Eva trembles.

	[It’s hard for a human being to work hard to reach that area, but… I think it’s right that we make use of our failure. I’m not stupid enough to repeat the same thing.]

	Then, the words that the magician said next was the worst thing imaginable.

	[So I thought. Why not become a person with the qualities of a hero.]

	……

	I don’t mean to say this is a true monster.

	For that reason, at the expense of the lives of many innocent people, even to the extent of becoming a soul and becomes part of the curse…

	[Now, if you can just be a gentle sacrifice for the curse, you can also be with the healing magician? You can even meet your lost mother.]

	“…I don’t like it! Usato-san is still working hard!! I can’t give up living here now!!”

	[The healing magician is already in my hands. It didn’t take long to break his mind and apply my technique…… At least I thought I was being merciful, so I decided to choose an easy way to destroy him, but it seems to be useless.]

	“…You bastard!”

	I curse the magician.

	Compassion seems to be too kind of a word for him, but it’s like saying that he is certain to erase him anyway. When you can only vomit words that narrow down such options, you can see that this magician is a way out of words……

	“You can never be a hero”

	At that time, Lucas told the magician such a thing.

	The calmly spoken words contained quiet anger.

	[……What?]

	“If you can only say words like that, you’ll never be a hero.”

	[Now that’s interesting. A hero is an entity with overwhelming power. That healing magician, too, is a peculiar entity that continues to regenerate the body with healing magic and continues to extend the upper limit of his body and become stronger. If I can be that kind of person, I can become a mighty person. Isn’t it?]

	“You must be joking. It’s useless to say anything to you who is fascinated only by power, but I’ll tell you nonetheless!”

	Lucas stepped forward strongly and moved beside me.

	I silently shift to the side and face the magician so that he can talk easily.

	“It’s not the power that matters, it’s the heart of the person who handles it. I knew someone like that, and it’s Usato, he understood it. He has great power, but he won’t abuse it. He uses it to save people. Do you know how difficult that is?”

	[So what? What can you do to become a hero with your aspirations and beliefs? It’s all foolishness.]

	“You are the stupid one. What’s the point worshiping a hero? What you worship is only that power…!”

	I wonder if the magician was surprised by Lucas’ words.

	Despite that, he spun on the following words.

	“I’m sure the hero who defeated the wicked dragon must have fought for the people’s lives, but what made it meaningless is you and the king at the time. What’s worse, after all this time, you regretted nothing. You have continued to use the souls of the people who have been sacrificed for a hundred years… A man who tramples on the dignity of such a person cannot be a hero!!”

	……Certainly, the heroes of the previous generation must have fought for the people of Samaria being suffered from the wicked dragon. Therefore, he continued fighting without sleeping, and at the end, he jumped into the mouth of the wicked dragon and stabbed his sword into the dragon’s heart.

	However, what was waiting for him after the battle was the betrayal from the country that would have saved them and the dead body of the people who had been saved and were sacrificed to bind him.

	………… It may be natural that we are devoted to human beings.

	“It’s thanks to him that I won’t have to give up after not being able to help my daughter. He told me he would help me, so I can hold onto what little hope I had…… Let me throw you this question then, is it possible for you to make people hopeful? No! You sacrificed hundreds of innocent people, and even used their souls for your own benefit… now you’re trying to take over Usato’s body! Only a coward would do that!”

	The magician doesn’t speak to Lucas who revealed his feelings and said so.

	Instead, the ridicule that was rattling from the beginning disappeared, and only the eerie atmosphere was conspicuous. ‥

	[That’s enough… after all, it’s a meaningless story of a king who can do nothing. I’ll destroy your soul and make it a puppet.”=]

	“Tsk.”

	At the same time as the magician’s arm moves, the magical power is trapped in the barrier that was holding it and activated.

	At the moment, the skeletons, which had been blocked by chains until now, all rushed to the barrier.

	“Ughh…”

	“Neah!”

	“Are you okay!?”

	“Get down!”

	Lucas and Eva were worried about me as I took the onslaught of the skeletons at the barrier and raised a painful voice.

	[Great magic. As expected of a demon… No, let’s call it a vampire out of respect. However, no matter how much the magic repels the curse, if you keep receiving this many curses, your magic power will run out eventually.]

	“I know, even if you didn’t tell me…!!”

	I clench my teeth and say so while enduring.

	What I’m doing now is just earning time.

	[Why are you going such lengths?” What you are doing now is meaningless. The healing magician can’t help you anymore, He’ll soon break his heart and I’ll get into the shell, and my plan shall be achieved.]

	“Huh, huh, it’s gonna take more than that to destroy Usato’s spirit…!”

	Minutes have passed since Usato was caught by the skeleton, but the skeletons did not try to leave him.

	That doesn’t mean that Usato has given up yet.

	Looking at the silent magician, I’m convinced that Usato’s current endurance is unexpected.

	[…No matter how strong the body is, the spirit is human and still an immature child. No matter how much hope you have, it’s no use.]

	“…Fufu”

	What is this, even though I’m in a desperate situation, I smile at his words.

	“You’re so humorous right now. You’ve convinced you’ve won, you’re in good shape, and you’re ugly to look at… it’s just like my situation at that time.”

	I’m sure Usato at that time looked the same as I was, looking at the magician in front of me. It’s the same as me who had a horrible end as a result of defeating the other party when my plan went well.

	“The things you have planned will definitely fail. After all, the guy you’re about to get is doing ridiculous things that you can’t measure on a normal scale. You’ll be seriously injured if you think… everything will go smoothly…!!”

	Ordinary humans do not use healing magic in battle and do not try to fight the wicked dragon head-on.

	First of all, it is funny because that man consists of only a strong body.

	This magician does not understand it.

	[……I’ll hit you with all the souls that can be used in this place and end it]

	The magician raised his arms greatly with words that seemed to be frustrated.

	According to the movement, hundreds of chains extend from the floor, and more skeletons than ever have appeared.

	[I don’t need a spare. Either way, I have already used it and it has already been used. I’ll use you when my soul has been worn out.]

	“You really are hopeless…!”

	[You should be grateful that you’re being used in my plan.]

	If all of those attacks were to be attacked at once, I wouldn’t have enough magical power.

	However, I have no choice but to protect them.

	I feel like I’m in a desperate situation, but nevertheless, I desperately put myself up and confined myself to the barrier.

	[Go]

	“Oh!!”

	“””Gaaaaa”””

	Floating skeletons flood my barriers.

	I close my eyes to prepare for the coming shock and load.

	“Gar!?”

	“Ahhh…!”

	“…?”

	However, the shock that should come is not coming.

	The voices of the skeletons I heard have changed from a beast-like scream to a mixture of startle and confusion.

	Opening my eyes slowly while confused—

	“…What is this?”

	—-In front of me was a translucent white figure standing to protect us from skeletons.

	If you look closely, many white figures surround us, preventing the onslaught of the skeletons.

	“Are you protecting us…?”

	A white figure suddenly appeared.

	The one that caught my eye most was the image of a woman with long hair, who had both hands spread out in front of us and protected us from the skeletons.

	Although it shines a white light like other figures, the long hair reaching up to the waist is coloured blue, and its appearance is similar to Eva.

	“So, you have come…”

	“Do you know what this is? Eva”

	Listening to Eva who said happily, I asked about the white figure in front of us.

	“These guys aren’t the bad guys. They are the people who have always protected me from scary dreams…”

	Protected me from scary dreams…

	So are they the ones who protected her heart from the curse of the Samaria people who are trying to mentally hunt her down?

	But why did they come out now?

	I wonder if they jumped out of the curse in the crisis of Eva?

	“Father, it’s alright now! These people will protect us!”

	“…”

	“……Father?”

	Lucas was staring at the white figure in front of me, maybe he didn’t hear Eva’s words.

	Looking at him for a while, Lucas shook his voice in tears, strengthened his hand to hug Eva, and opened his mouth.

	“Aaah, I see now… So that’s how it is, even if you have lost your body, you kept watching this child’s growth nearby… I’m no match for you after all. I didn’t need your parting words because you were with Eva all the time…”

	Hearing Lucas’ trembling voice, the woman with blue hair turned around and smiled gently.

	Listening to Lucas’ words, Eva blinks her eyes.

	I see, this woman is most likely Lucas…

	That means the figures around us are the royal family who have been erased by the curse.

	[Impossible!!]

	At that time, the magician echoed in the hall.

	[Why are you guys coming out now!! You are just humans who don’t even have magic! You’re the ones who have erased your body and captured your soul. This is impossible…!! No, I don’t care about that!! Right now, you’re in my way!!!]

	Along with the words, the magician pulled up the chain further and flooded the figure with more skeletons.

	[H, ha, ha ha ha!! You can’t stop the grudges of the hundreds of dead people wherever they gather!]

	According to the magician, the skeletons cannot be stopped by the royal family.

	In fact, every time they receive a skeleton, the white shadow fluctuates like smoke, and its appearance changes to a dull one.

	The figure of the woman in front of us is no exception. However, perhaps the woman was not paying attention to the skeletons’ attacks, she turned around again and slowly moved her lips.

	“——“

	“Eh?”

	I can’t hear her voice.

	But she’s certainly trying to tell us something.

	What on earth…

	“She’s saying… It’s okay.”

	“Eva, you, can you understand what this person is saying?”

	“Yes, somehow…”

	Is it possible to communicate to some extent due to the effect of protecting Eva who was receiving the curse? Or is this woman simply this child — that should be considered a given.

	What is all right? The situation remained the same as before, and even if she said that it would be okay in such a situation, it doesn’t look like it.

	When she smiled with a gentle smile that reassured me of my concern, she spun a short series of words.

	『――――――』

	“Since he’s awake…?”

	While confused, I tilted my head on Eva’s words.

	Judging by this situation…

	[Hahaha, no matter what you do now, it’s all futile! I have plan for such a long time, and it will succeed! All of you will break your soul and become my puppet! Ha, ha ha ha ha!!]

	“Tsk, damn you’re annoying……”

	The magician who raises a laughter without revealing the true nature of his character.

	I glared at the magician thinking I should say something back, but the sight of the skeletons surrounding Usato behind the magician leaving the spider’s children scattered apart. By entering, I understand the meaning of the woman’s words.

	[Hahahahaha!!]

	A figure approaches from behind the magician who is laughing without realizing the abnormal situation that is occurring behind him.

	At the same time he can be seen clearly, the movements of the skeletons attacking us gradually slow down. By the time he was just behind the magician, the skeletons had been pulled by chains and weakened to the point that they were forced into the barrier.

	“…Seriously, just because I woke up a little late… What the hell is this?”

	I’m happy about it, but I’m shocked to see him.

	Anyway, I could see the anger that felt far away and the arms that were so powerful that the blood vessels floated.

	“Oi.”

	[What?]

	Along with a serious voice, his hand extended from the back of the magician who was laughing loudly, then grabbed his head.



	[Wh- Wh- W-hat… you are supposed…]

	“What’s wrong? Laugh more. You sound like an idiot. So, laugh while you have the chance—–“

	He slammed the magician’s head into the floor as is.

	Looking down on the crushing floor and the shattering skull of the magician with cold eyes, Usato makes a fist whilst smiling as usual.

	“What? Can’t laugh anymore?”

	When someone is really angry, they naturally smile, which is what I heard from a traveler who came from somewhere, but it seems that Usato is in that state.

	It was such a clean move, and I’m so glad he came at such a good timing.





Chapter 96

	When I was woken up by the skeletons, the next thing I saw, my entire vision was in a pure white space.

	The people of Samaria who stood to surround me were standing in the center of the white space, grunting and groaning.

	Then, when I heard the voice of the grudge, what was shown was the memory of the Samaria people reflected in a pile. I was forced to see the sight of those who are burnt by fire, hunger, cry in the rubble, and tremble in the fear of death.

	I can’t take my eyes off the sight of all these visions hitting directly into my head, and I suffer from a headache while clenching my teeth.

	“Gu, u…”

	The first shown was the memory of a man suffering from poison.

	The man who sucked the poison of the wicked dragon, rotted his lungs, and could not breathe and suffered, and finally sacrificed and emptied off his soul when he saw the signs of healing and could return to his family.

	[I wanted to live longer, and see… my family]

	“…Gu…!”

	Next, I was shown the memory of a woman who witnessed the death of her beloved family in front of her.

	She lost her important things and lost the hope of living, and all she wanted to do was see her loving family.

	[I just wanted to see you…]

	“Aaah, gu…”

	Next is the memory of the knight who fought to protect the people from the wicked dragon.

	He who was exposed to the wicked dragon’s poison from the front without any attacks, miraculously survived his life, but he was soulless by the ruthless king and the magician.

	[I was finally saved. That’s what I thought…]

	“……”

	The skeleton’s grudge voices are piled one after another in my head.

	Memory of people who were seriously injured by the attack of the wicked dragon.

	The memory that the soul is pulled out by the outrageous king and the magician.

	An everyday memory that would have been happy turns into hell in an instant.

	Due to the suffering, the scene changes.

	A pile of debris that fills my field of view, and a small hand with soot.

	The sight in front of me——the girl cries silently.

	―――Gugaooooooo!!

	The shout of the wicked dragon that shakes the air.

	When the girl who fell down due to shock looked at the tip of her voice, the wicked dragon with a stronger and dreadful appearance than in my memory exhaled poison. Then, my view was blocked by a silhouette of a man. It was a man who wore clothes and armor that looked like an adventurer and had a longsword and a small sword in a sheath disproportionate to their appearance, and was facing each other without hesitation at the screaming wicked dragon.

	―――Hero-hama?

	―――……

	The wicked dragon swings its big tail sideways to the silent man.

	The tail that approaches with tremendous momentum while transforming the surrounding buildings into rubble.

	On the other hand, the man pulled out the same sword that I had from his waist and headed towards the tail, which would contain the evil power.

	The tail shocked the entire surrounding, creating dust and wind soaring everywhere. With that hit, the tail would have hit the man directly and struck the stunned girl who had stood still.

	In the sight of a girl who rolled on the ground with so much shock, the figure of the man caught the tail of the wicked dragon with his fist holding a small sword and jumped into the field of view.

	―――What!?

	――― Strengthening up, sealing.

	When the man muttered so, the blade of the small sword poof… and a sphere like Kazuki’s magic bullet emerged softly. When the sphere returned to the blade of the small sword again, the blade itself took on a golden light this time.

	Then, the man, holding the light sword in his hand, pierced his abdomen as is.

	―――Release.

	At the same time, he pulls out the left sword from the belly, and somehow there is no scar or blood mark.

	―――!

	Without warning, the man runs to the wicked dragon.

	The speed is so fast that you can’t even imagine a slim body could do that, and every time he steps, the ground is greatly scooped.

	The Wicked Dragon opens its big mouth to the approaching man and exhales a deadly poison.

	――― Sealed.

	However, the poison disappeared so that the hero could suck it up simply by pointing the handle end of the long sword on his waist.

	The hero hit the chest of the astonishing wicked Dragon with his left hand holding a small sword.

	The large body of the wicked dragon flew away in the air with a fist with no magical power.

	―――Gugaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?

	――― Rot with your own poison, monster.

	The hero who holds the small sword pulls out the long sword, grasps it with both hands and holds it in the upper stage.

	―――Release!

	With his shout, his sword shook and a violent shock wave of purple ran from his sword blade, engulfing one wing of the wicked dragon flying in the air, cutting through the clouds and disappearing into the sky.

	The girl who was watching the blow of the man who even broke through the dark cloudy sky fell asleep while holding the emotion similar to fear and admiration, and never woke up.

	[Hey, who’s at fault? The King? That scary dragon? Or… was it the hero?]

	“…Gu…”

	Skeleton——-No, they are the ones who are living and suffering from my life.

	Some people still wanted to live, some people who wanted to meet important people, a grudge that left their important family dead — my head, who has been forced to hear the hundreds of regrettable voices.

	“””Want to live”””

	“””Why”””

	“”It’s all your fault””

	“””Disappear”””

	“””Die”””

	“”Atone for your sins””

	The voice of the grudge that is poured from the surroundings becomes stronger.

	Accordingly, my headache becomes stronger and I cannot stand properly. So much so that I had to put my knees and hands on the ground, and my hands and feet slowly filled the white ground.

	“If I sleep as is… Will they supposedly be released… haha”

	I don’t feel like I can bear it anymore.

	My head seems like it was about to burst, and I don’t even know if I’m looking forward or downward.

	I was made to see the scenes of dead corpses over and over again and again, and every time I was listening to the grudge, my spirit was tattered.

	I thought that it would be nice to give up and be comfortable, such an idea was growing in my mind.

	However—,

	“——Oh, shut up”

	It’s not a good reason to fall now.

	Ignoring the skeletons, I forcibly pull my sinking limbs from the ground, staggering and standing up.

	――― Wh!?

	The skeletons were upset by my words.

	It may be surprising that I, who was a dead body until a while ago, suddenly stood up.

	Certainly I feel like dying. My head hurts and my consciousness is blurred.

	While focusing on my legs that were about to collapse, I slowly glanced at my surroundings and spit out my full voice I can give to myself.

	“Why are you showing me this? Did you want to be sympathized? Do you want to say that you should be captivated quietly? Don’t be ridiculous…! That’s not a good reason to harm Eva!”

	My head is so painful that I can’t even understand what I am talking about.

	Despite that, I honestly say what I thought.

	“She… Eva… doesn’t know anything yet…! She has spent her entire life in such a narrow barrier, and was divided by the rest of the world! Still, with a smile…!”

	She actually doesn’t want to disappear.

	She wants to live more.

	And yet, trying to accept it unreasonably… Is that reasonable?

	“I wanted that child to know the outside world! It’s not just a few trees planted! There isn’t just a flower in a small flower bed! There’s not just a fish swimming in a pond! The world she came from was very small…!! The outside is so much bigger, I want her to know that I’m breaking the curse that binds her down!!”

	I understand because I came from another world.

	This world is amazing. Swords and magic, monsters, various unknowns are roaming around. I was worried because there were so many things I didn’t know, but I was really excited to think that I was waiting for something amazing that I would never be able to experience in the original world.

	So that’s why—–

	“To not die and not to end without knowing the outside…! I will help her! And that’s why I will destroy all the curses that have afflicted her…”

	I raised my fist slowly and gripped it tightly.

	“So shut up and be saved by me!”

	When I screamed and slammed my fist on the white ground, the Samarima people who surrounded me were scratched away, and the white space itself shattered like glass from the crushed ground.

	I then woke up from my consciousness to rise above the surface of the water.

	I removed the hand holding my head and opened my closed eyes, and at the same time, I thrust my arm vigorously to shake off the skeletons attached to my body.

	Immediately after waking up, I crushed the head of a suspicious skeleton, and looked down at the skeleton while waving my hands.

	“It’s okay for me to say that this guy must be the one behind the scenes because he has a cane and is wearing a robe, isn’t he Neah?”

	When I point to the skeleton that is restoring the skull and ask Neah, she takes a step back, frightened for some reason.

	“…”

	“Neah?”

	“Eh, yeah. It’s the magician who causes the curse…”

	………… Why is she using honorific with me, anyways this was the guy that fits.

	It was a different feeling from other skeletons, and above all, I felt that the malicious intention was stronger than the grudge, but I wondered.

	When I heard from Neah about the identity of the skeleton in this robe, Lucas who’s holding Eva walks up to the side of Neah.

	“Usato-san! You’re safe!”

	“Yeah, I’m fine. Are you alright, Lucas-sama?”

	“Oh, thanks to Neah and her, there’s no injury.”

	“I see… um, her…?”

	Is he referring to the translucent figures that’s around Neah?

	They look more scary because they look more like ghosts more than skeletons.

	“They are the Samaria royals that are bound by the curse.”

	“……So that’s it”

	I gaze my eyes on the words of Neah and move to a woman who looks exactly like Eva. When I move near here, she shows a cheerful smile similar to her.

	When I heard from Eva, I was expecting that the royal people who had been erased by the curse would protect Eva, so I was not surprised.

	[Shit… how…]

	“Haaahh?”

	Did his skeletal head recover from me crushing it as the skeleton in a robe staggered——the magician was trying to stand up.

	According to the story I heard from Neah, it seems that he was bound to curse his soul by being executed. He really was able to go on for that long.

	The feeling of dismay rather than anger comes out……

	The magician pointed at me holding his forehead and shaking his teeth.

	[Why, how could you endure it!? You must have been in a nightmare that an ordinary person could never endure!]

	“…Do you mean the memory that the Samaria people showed? I don’t know what purpose you showed it to me, but there’s no meaning. I just shut them up. That’s all”

	“No no no no, how can you just shut them up just like that. What did you do…”

	But it’s true that I’ve summarized it briefly.

	Returning to the shape of an owl, I laughed bitterly at Neah who jumped on my shoulder.

	As if not understanding my words, the scratched-up magician is confused and looks around at the skeletons around me.

	[Let’s do it again! Go! Dead people!! Break their hearts!]

	The chain linked to the skeletons’ necks is pulled strongly.

	However, the skeletons remain weak and do not move. As if ignoring the magician’s command, they gently keep their hands down and watch the situation.

	“What’s wrong? Can’t move?”

	[Why aren’t you guys moving, and why aren’t my orders working!? Don’t you want to release your soul!?]

	The chain becomes larger, but the skeleton does not obey the magician’s orders.

	“I think everyone finally understood. That what you told them was a lie…”

	[Do- Don’t screw with me!! How can that happen?!! As if they can speak to you!?” As long as they’re caught in the curse, they’re just handpieces that wield hatred. ! They can’t be willing to refuse my order!]

	Wrong.

	I have learnt from their voice and memory.

	Not just hate. Everyone wanted to be free from suffering, so they wanted to get someone to notice. It was so painful asking for help, and they couldn’t do anything about this suffering themself, so they kept obeying orders.

	“They aren’t able to communicate from the outside, what they’re doing now is because Usato was drawn into the same spiritual world as them and made some change to them there. It’s not a decent way to risk breaking his own heart. As expected of Usato.”

	“…”

	I didn’t have any intention of doing that, so it would be a problem to say that it’s just a matter of fact.

	However, it seems that it was not a bad thing for me to be captivated by skeletons, albeit at a time.

	“There is no soul to follow you anymore. Break the curse here and save Eva and all the trapped souls… Neah, let’s do this.”

	“Yes, let’s finish this.”

	I grip my fist and gaze at the magician sharply.

	The magician who received my gaze receded back, but when he shook his body, he jumped at me with a roar like a beast.

	[If I can get your body, then everything will be fineeeeee!!!!!]

	“Usato-san, it’s dangerous!!”

	“Usato!?”

	I put my right hand to the side so as to reassure Eva and Lucas-sama who were panicked by the sudden attack of the magician, and I grabbed the magician’s neck vigorously.

	At the same time, I have a dull pain in my head, but since it is a trivial thing now, I ignored it and lifted the magician with one hand.

	“That degree of mental aggression, I’ve got used to it”

	[…Hhhng, this, this monster…!!!]

	“I’m used to being told that as well.”

	The magician who entangles both arms to escape from my right hand, but his strength is weak.

	[Body, even just the body…!!]

	“My body is mine. If you want, train yourself in the next life. It should be a lot easier than preparing for hundreds of years.”

	As I said that, I grabbed his neck, and threw it to the front.

	I took out the hero’s knife from the waist and covered the blade with healing magic and restraint magic.

	I clenched the handle strongly and threw it at the altar, aiming at the flying magician.

	[Whaaaaaa!!!!?]

	“If you want such a hero, I’ll give it to you!”

	The small sword that drew a green locus flew while rotating, hit the forehead of the magician with no problem, and stabbed him with the momentum as if to sew it to the crystal of the altar behind.

	“I’ll get back everything that was robbed! Magician!”

	I hold my right fist and make a big step toward the altar.

	Seeing me approaching, the immovable magician shakes his body as if to plead.

	[I don’t like that. I still… I don’t want to disappear… I don’t want it to end]

	“It’s too late to regret it now!! There must have been many opportunities to regret it! If you’re the originator of this curse, let’s share that curse and fate until the end!”

	[No, no no no no!!]

	“Dieeeee!!”

	My fist straightly hits the handle of a small sword that pierced the magician’s forehead, and shreds the magician’s head together with the crystal.

	At that moment, a lot of human spirits are released to the hall with the overflowing light from the broken crystals.

	Looking back, the chains connected to the necks of the skeletons all over the room also shatter into pieces, turning into human souls like other souls and disappearing.

	[Aaaaaaaaaaaaa… aaah…!?]

	The shattered magician’s body changes into a human soul.

	When I saw the human soul rising to the ceiling while making a cry, I smiled.

	“If you can retrain yourself and be reborn,”

	“Are you going to put it in parenthesis? You seriously don’t have a great sense?”

	“…”

	The fellow retort to me is cold……

	Depressingly so.

	Neah stared at me with a blind eye, relieved the tension and took a rest.

	“Well, let’s just say to Amako the words from Usato, so that’s one case.”

	“…No, it’s not so yet.”

	“Eh?”

	Saying so, I turn to Eva and Lucas-sama.

	The two were looking up at one blue-haired woman.

	As the souls of other royal families disappeared one after another, a blue-haired woman—-Elisa-sama, with a smile that did not make her part…

	“Ah……”

	Then, light spills into Eva from the hand stroking her head.

	Looking at Eva who is keeping an eye on what happened to herself, Eliza who grinned and smiled muttered something small, turned into a human soul and returned to heaven.

	“Father, me… my body…”

	“Eh?”

	In a hurry to Eva’s words, Lucas-sama lowered her to a nearby light and illuminated its shadow, and all the shadows that had been lost by more than half before coming here were all restored.

	After seeing her shadow restored, Eva sat down on the ground and touched the floor where the shadow was inserted.

	“Mom helped me…… She was always watching over me…… I wasn’t unhappy at all. Father and mother were with me all the time……”

	“Tha… Yeah, you’re right. You’re not unhappy. You can live like other people…”

	Eva and Lucas-sama trembled with joy and wept.

	I was looking at such two from a distance, and I fell down on the floor while relieving myself.

	Finally, one case is settled down.

	Eva and the souls of Samarial people have been saved.

	“Neah, everything was saved thanks to you. And thank you for protecting Lucas-sama and Eva while I couldn’t move.”

	“Fufufu, praise me more. Ah, yeah. Could you give me that kind of feeling of thanks? Specifically, with blood.”

	“Hahaha, I got it.”

	I’ve really exhausted myself this time.

	Psychically it may be more than the time of the wicked dragon.

	“…I’m glad I was saved…”

	Eva was laughing with a reasonable smile, which made up for everything that I’ve done.





Chapter 97

	After breaking the curse, I went to sleep just after returning from the altar to the hall with the throne, probably because of fatigue.

	Next thing I woke up, it was the sixth night.

	When I woke up, there was Amako who looked into my face anxiously by the bed, and Arc-san and Neah who were sitting a little away.

	Apparently, after that, Amako and my friends seemed to be allowed to enter the castle, and they kept watching me in the room where I was sleeping.

	I’m glad that breaking the bell doesn’t seem to be a crime.

	However, Amako started preaching: “You’re too crazy,” or “Don’t be overconfident, no matter how sturdy you are.”

	Certainly I realized that I had done a lot this time, so I obediently accepted her words and firmly apologized to Amako and Arc-san.

	“Really, I owe it to you so much that I couldn’t thank you enough.”

	“I did it on my own accord.”

	We were in the throne hall the morning after waking up.

	The wall I broke was hidden by a cloth, and Lucas-sama was sitting on the throne in front of it, with Eva next to him.

	The reason we are here is because we are departing from Samaria today to the next country — the floating city of Mialark.

	Amako and Arkc-san lined up on both sides of me, and wondering whether she’s bored or something, Neah was sleeping on my shoulder as an ow.

	“Is Lucas-sama going to face difficulty in the future?”

	I would like to say that the people who suffer from the curse will be gone and thus, a happy end, but it was not the case that the whole curse was destroyed by breaking the big curse.

	The Fegnis family and those who were inspired by it — For example, unless you manage the knights of Fegnis’ subordinates, similar things may repeat.

	“Hahaha, this is much easier than ever. I caught Fegnis, who was the chief curse keeper, and his knights. After that, roast the people in a potato-growing ceremony…”

	“Fegnis… What is he doing now?”

	A person who relied so much on curses.

	What kind of reaction will he take when he learns that it was destroyed?

	“…He was like a shell, saying that the curse had been destroyed, and, terribly, knowing that every cause was his countless souls of his ancestors. He was shocked and has been imprisoned in the dungeon now, but I think only time will tell for him to recover.”

	“Is that so……”

	Lucas-sama is having it hard too.

	The person who he has trusted for many years must be treated as a traitor who has deceived himself overnight.

	“…Let’s change the story. Regarding the letter, Samaria will be cooperating with the Kingdom of Lingle, as I said at the beginning. Together we will protect the continent from the Demon King.”

	“Thank you!”

	Somehow I felt happier than when I first received the letter.

	Maybe because we knew Lucas-sama’s personality in the last seven days, or was I sincerely pleased with his sincere words?

	Either way, I was able to successfully fulfill one of my roles.

	“Usato, thanks to you I haven’t lost Eva. If you weren’t there, maybe I would have been abandoned and cast my duties as king. Thank you very much.”

	“I’ve done what I want to do”

	I didn’t seek anything in return.

	I really did what I wanted to do.

	“Don’t be humble, it’s all on you. Hhhmm, yeah, that’s what I want. Yeah, I can rest assured if it’s you.”

	“…Leave what?”

	I wonder what is this uneasy feeling I’m getting…

	What does he mean by leaving it to me…

	Lucas-sama, who nodded all the while, relaxed his shoulders and looked at me after looking at Eva.

	“So Usato, this is the main subject…”

	“Thank you for the last seven days. I’m going to travel soon, so I’ll see—–“

	I knew it.

	I thought that I was amazing.

	When I sensed a crisis in various ways, I smiled and smiled and bowed back.

	Amako and Arc-san who were next to me looked at me in puzzlement, but now I was in a hurry so that I could not answer their questions.

	However, maybe Lucas-sama was expecting that, he snaps his fingers, and the maids stand in front of me.

	“No, Usato. You don’t have to rush. Isn’t it better to hear the story until the end?”

	“In my world, there is a saying that time is money. That is, treat time as worth money.”

	“Well, that’s a good quote, but the story we’re going to talk about is well worth it.”

	I try to pass between the maids while explaining the proverbs that I remember, but the maids cut in before me with a smile.

	What drives them so far?

	If these people were knights, I could forcibly go ahead……

	Tsk, as expected of Lucas-sama. He really has all sorts of countermeasures after knowing my personality…!

	“Hey Usato. What happened?”

	“Amako, please help me. If we lose this battle, it may turn out worse than being cursed.”

	“What? What are you talking about?”

	That’s right. If you hear such a thing, you’ll tilt your head, isn’t it?

	When Amako tilted her head, Lucas-sama who came down the throne spoke to me.

	“Usato, I talked about pulling you into my country, but I won’t do that.”

	“…Eh?…… Yes.”

	Oh, it’s different from what I expected…?

	Stopping his footsteps and turning to me, he smiles and raises his fist.

	“Isn’t Usato going to be the son-in-law of Eva, and willingly following my footsteps?”

	……

	“…I’m sorry if what I’m about to say is rude, but what on earth are you thinking!?”

	“I used to be one of the knights. Don’t worry about it. I usually manage politics with courage and charisma! Rather, I’ll only allow someone to have her if they have such courage as you!”

	“Isn’t it illegal for the king to force someone!?”

	“Hey, I’m the proof in front of you.”

	His talk is getting stranger.

	Why did you ask me to succeed after you, and the story jumped so much that I became confused.

	Amako pulled the hem of my robe when I was muddy without knowing how to react.

	“Hey Usato. What do you mean? What the hell are you talking about? Explain properly.”

	“Keep calm and be Amako”

	“I’m calm. I’m really calm, This is my clamest moment of my life.”

	Amako looked up with no expression and I was too scared to say anything.

	“Ha ha ha. You’ll do it right, Usato.”

	Arkc-san is just laughing.

	Don’t make it sound like it’s another person’s affair… I can’t laugh because I feel like I’m being pushed more and more.

	“Usato-san…”

	“E, Eva. Please tell them something too!? You would dislike having an engagement so suddenly, right!?”

	“Does Usato-san hate me?”

	“…!?”

	Are you also taking advantage of this!?

	I am even more confused when she asks me with a very uneasy look.

	Honestly, I’m happy by their goodwill, but in her case there are dangerous parts in various ways, so it’s too risky to accept it…!

	The sharp line of sight from Amako and the hopeful line of sight of Lucas-sama are only getting stronger.

	“But it’s alright.”

	“……Eh?”

	She entwined her fingers in front of her chest and smiled like a flower.

	“You don’t have to mind me, my mind will not change.”

	“Won’t change?”

	What is this deja vu?

	“I will do my best until you like me. That is the solution.”

	Far from being solved, it seems that I will enter the labyrinth of the graveyard of life.

	Rather than going around, it seems like a confession that looks like a man.

	“Actually, I want to accompany Usato-san on a trip, and I want to see various things together. But that is annoying for Usato-san. So, it’s goodbye for now. When we meet next time, I will also I want to touch various things that I haven’t touched until now, and to grow even more.”

	Her words and smile made me wonder what to do.

	The memories of several days spent at the same place as her and various thoughts spin around.

	Confused, I deeply bow to Eva who is smiling.

	“So, let’s be friends!!”

	What is this confession from a guy and the girl refuses.

	Her straightforward personality is not unpleasant.

	However, as a result of considering the future development that I had been engaged with now and the mission I am now carrying out, I had no choice but to give such a chicken answer.

	While I am self-deprecating as a cowardly guy, I also want to be just a suspension bridge effective distraction.

	“Yeah, it’s insane to suddenly get engaged. It’s important to start with something small. If we have to start by being friends… I don’t mind.”

	What is she even saying?

	It feels like a predator aiming for a prey.

	Lucas-sama also murmured with a distant eye, “Ah, after all it, she is Eliza’s child.”

	“S-So anyways, we have to get going now!”

	“Oh, wait a minute Usato!”

	After being unable to bear various things, I bowed deeply to Eva and Lucas-sama, and then, using a serious step, I passed through the maid’s gap and tried to get out of the throne quickly.

	“This is bad Lucas-sama!”

	However, before that, Eiri-san, the butler, enters the throne with a few sheets of paper from the entrance.

	At that time, my shoulders hit him, probably because I was in a hurry, and the paper softly slipped from his hands and fell to my feet.

	When I picked it up and tried to give it to Eiri-san, I saw a letter on the paper that was marked as big.

	“Wh- What the hell is thiiiiiisssssss!?”

	I raise a loud voice that is not like me, and hold on to the paper.

	Amako and the others in the background see my anomaly, panicking and looking into the paper in my hands, and they become rigid like me.

	The text that surprised us was–

	――― Refusing the prince’s courtship!? The rumored female hero wanted Usato, the healing magician!?―――

	It was a support shot from a distance of Inugami-senpai.

	Superbly, it helped accelerate my crisis.

	“What are you doing, senpai…”

	What are you doing, senpai! Seriously?!

	No matter how much you don’t want to get married, why did you give my name!? I know this feeling because I am in the same situation!?

	I can already see senpai’s face with a “Tehepero☆” in my mind.



	“And this is me!? What the hell is this!?”

	A portrait was drawn under the heading that was written as big.

	However, it is the only thing that fits my hair style, and the bottom of the hair is shaped into a surprisingly beautiful shape. The hell is this, someone holding a rose, seems to make a hole in the wall because his nose is too sharp.

	Moreover, even though it’s my trademark, the uniform is decorated with decorations that look like an aristocrat, and there are almost no prototypes left…

	“If the leader or rescue squad sees this…”

	Moreover, Nack is in the rescue squad now.

	If he sees this as well.

	My dignity as a teacher.

	Rose will absolutely grin when she sees this.

	“Ah, ha ha ha ha…”

	“U, Usato, it’s okay. I like the current Usato more. This picture doesn’t look ferocious at all, it’s just a human being.”

	Is Amako really following up with this?

	I think that the one who drew me like a demon was the correct answer in a roundabout way.

	“Hoho, this is quite the development Eva, apparently you’ll have to defeat your rivals to get him.”

	“Still, I will do my best!”

	“Hahaha, that’s the spirit! I will spare no cooperation.”

	Maybe Lucas-sama, who looked through the other piece of paper, escalated as if he received it from Eiri-san, in a form that demonstrates stupidity.

	“Hmm, you guys are noisy… I’m still tired, so don’t make so much noise… Hmm? Usato, what is that paper?”

	“Mini healing magic bullet!”

	“Bugyafu!?”

	Shooting healing magic bullets that hit Neah’s forehead, it stunned her.

	This is bad, I can’t let her see this portrait of me.

	“I can’t stay here anymore…”

	I can’t stand this anymore, time to run from the castle and escape from there.

	From behind, Lucas-sama and Eva waving their hands with a bright smile and seeing us off. I’m glad that they both smiled from the bottom of their heart, but the feelings of engagement and succession at the end made me feel like I was in a hurry.

	“What should I do now—!”

	“Usato! Neah is peeling off the white eyes and sticking to Usato’s clothes, is she alright!? Hey!?”

	There are things I can’t do even if I break a curse that lasted for hundreds of years with my friends.

	I jumped out of the castle and looked up at the sky, and I realized it.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Usato is in a pickle.

	No matter how strong he is mentally, Usato himself is still a high school boy in his original world, so he is vulnerable to such development.

	With respect to his senpai, it is not her intention that the case for refusing to seek marriage has spread.

	Far from being happy, he’ll be writhing in red.

	I would like to write about that area in another side story.





Side story

At that time, the two heroes

	Author’s Note:

	Sorry for making you wait.

	This time, it’s a side story of Suzune and Kazuki.





* * *



	When making an irreparable mistake, people give up thinking.

	The only way for people who couldn’t think of anything and couldn’t pull back later, is to move forward while abandoning their thoughts.

	Even if you make a mistake, you mustn’t stop moving forward.

	Because if you don’t proceed, the situation will only get worse.

	The words being said cannot be erased or returned. My feelings for him, known to many, cannot be deceived.

	What should I do?

	Really, what should I do…?

	“Suzune-san. Stop messing around and get a move on. Today is the day of departure.”

	“Kurumia, I’m at the bottom of my disappointment right now, so please leave me be for a little while longer.”

	Responding to the voice calling me, I was thinking of a poem that translates to me escaping reality, and I replied with my face pressed against the pillow.

	Currently, I am in an inn in a country called Calm Helio.

	I made a big mistake in that country where they had a strong faith in the heroes of the previous generation.

	Specifically, the fact that I have a feeling for Usato has spread not only in this country, but throughout the continent.

	However, it is not intentional.

	My mouth slipped, or it just became a little uncontrollable and came out in various loud voices……

	“Uwaaaaa, it’s so embarrassed just remembering, I wonder why I said that!”

	“Huh…”

	In the first place, this whole thing started with the desire to subdue the huge demon cow that was trying to break the wall covering Calm Helio.

	Although the demon cow itself gave us a hard time, I was able to defeat it, but it was difficult after that.

	Kyle Lark, the prince of Calm Helio, has offered me an engagement. Moreover, in the middle of the country of Calm Helio — in the midst of many people’s eyes.

	“That’s why you say that, even if you talk with your face pressed against the pillow, that disappointment is not conveyed at all.”

	I was lying on my bed face down, and the only female knight to accompany me — Kurumia was amazed.

	Since we’re only almost a year apart, she’s easy to talk to, unlike other knights, but it seems that she doesn’t have the heart to comfort me, who is injured.

	“Seriously, how long are you going to sulk here? As a knight I admire your words, seeing your refusal was refreshing.”

	“Even if you feel refreshed, I’ve been in shame ever since I noticed my mistake !?”

	“You reap what you sow.”

	“H- How can you say that…!? You’re a knight !? Can’t you just comfort or worry about me for a moment !?”

	“I thought that it was impossible.”

	“Why!?”

	“Somehow”

	Eh, somehow I was refused……

	“Anyway, the city has regained their composure, so now is the best opportunity.”

	“Really?”

	“Don’t you believe me? His Majesty’s has forgave you in the first place, so there shouldn’t be any problem in getting out… Rather, he was happy? That prince was always wandering around the city. It seems that he was doing whatever he wanted. “

	That’s true.

	But I’m glad it didn’t matter.

	If I was forced to get engaged, I was going to resist it seriously, but it was really good that the king in question didn’t matter.

	“But, aren’t children pointing at me like,’Oh, you’re the one who declined the Prince?’”

	“What kind of child is that? Please move.”

	“Uuuuuuh, but…”

	Now, articles scattered by reporters from this country are posted everywhere outside.

	Moreover, for some reason, there are caricatures of Usato-kun that don’t look like this…

	Kurumia sighed at me, who was still wrapped in a futon, muttered “Can’t be helped” and cleared her throat intentionally.

	“Ehem… But still, I do feel sorry for the marriage proposal after he made a situation where you couldn’t easily refuse it, but I think it’s a pity to refuse it. What was it that you said again? Was it “I have made a promise to an important person for my future?” Or something along the lines. It’s passionate. “

	“Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?”

	I screamed at the top of my lungs at Kurumia’s words.

	How can you repeat what I just said!!!

	” [My heart has been taken by him, so much that I couldn’t look at other men other than him.] or something like that”

	“Aiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!?”

	“[He only talks about Healing magic. His strongest part is his unbreakable heart and kindness. I guess that’s why I was attracted to him.]”

	“Aieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!?”

	My face turned bright red and I was rolling around the bed.

	When I was suffering from the overflowing shame while flinging the futon and pillow, the smiling Kurumia continued to open her mouth.

	“[If the sword that defeats the enemy is us heroes, the shield that protects our friends is Usato!] That phrase was also cool. “

	“Hiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!?”

	Stop it, stop it……!

	No matter if it’s me, it’s a considerable dark history……!

	Finally, I fell off the bed, crashed into the wall, and stopped without force while wrapped in a futon.

	“He’s not suitable for me because he’s not a healing magician, or he’s better than that weak guy, so I just said a tad bit much!”

