	The Wrong Way to Use

	Healing Magic

	– Chiyu Mahou no Machigatta Tsukaikata –





	- Volume 4 -

	Samaria





	-Author-

	Kurokata



	-ILLUSTRATOR-

	KeG





	[ ShiroKun’s Translation ]





Chapter 80

	Travelling with Neah our new companion has been difficult in many ways.

	Starting with these three, noisy, troublesome, and clumsy traits. In addition, she constantly fights with Amako——- No, it’s totally a one-sided sumo wrestling if you include the fact that Amako doesn’t even lose a teeth.

	Either way, they’re really annoying.

	A few days after I left the village, it was good getting used to going on for trips, and I’ve regained my calmness, but—–

	“Hey, tell me more about Usato’s world.”

	Suddenly, Neah in the form of an owl rides on my shoulder and asks.

	“Haah……”

	Those words, thinking that her voice seemed a little excited to know is a pain.

	It’s not as though I hate talking about myself. In the first place, the reason why she tried catching me was because she wanted to hear about a different world, and it’s rather slow of her to ask right now.

	But, I wonder if it’s okay to talk about the other world so openly to this nerd who’s so immersed in what she’s interested in.

	……It’s useless trying to delay it, and it’s highly likely that she’ll start attacking me with questions around the clock.

	“Horaa~ Can’t you tell me something? Isn’t it boring just walking?”

	And how is she hopelessly bossy.

	Ey, you’re not even walking on your own.

	You’re standing on my shoulder, right?

	She starts flapping her wings on my cheeks, and puts a smug on her face.

	“Then, let me tell you about the vampires in my world.”

	“Arama! There are vampires in your world?”

	Neah eats it right up that there are those who are similar to her in my world.

	Good, good, let’s tease her a little more.

	“The vampires in my world can lift rocks easily. They can draw blood from people just by looking at them. Also, they fly around the night sky like Swallows, sneaking into people’s houses, sipping the raw blood of people. They’re monsters that live in the darkness, sucking people’s blood.”

	“……He, heeh…… Aren’t they quite good——–”

	“No, there’s more than that. They can shoot laser beams from their eyes, and similar to the Wicked Dragon, they can emit blue poison from their mouths, they can grow into huge beings, turn to fogs and slip through any walls. To me, the most dangerous monsters in our world are the vampires.”

	“Are those really vampires?!”

	No shit, of course, they’re lies. As if there’s a vampire like that.

	However, she believed in every word I said without hesitation, and her small body even trembled slightly, I can even see the upset look on her face that the vampire of another world was a monster far above her expectations.

	What is this feeling, looking at her——-is so fun to watch.

	“Y-You’re lying? Vampires aren’t so monstrous, right? Wait, are you saying that I’m a useless vampire?”

	“Well yeah, it’s a lie.”

	“………Eh.”

	You’re rather unfortunate more than being useless.

	“Kiiiiiiiiiiiiii! How dare you trick me!”

	Neah who knew she was being teased, opened her wings as if to show anger, and tried to peck me with her beak.

	However, with her beak hitting my head, her body stiffened as if being tied to something, as she slipped off from my shoulder.

	Hyaa~, she cried with a miserable scream as I swiftly caught her with my left hand.

	“Oi, have you forgotten the shit you put on yourself? The contract if you do any harm to your own master……”

	“I-I did not forget!!”

	“Says the one who just got hurt by the contract.”

	Neah cannot hurt me.

	There are various restrictions and functions in this familiar contract that she and I have signed, and one of those is one that cannot do any harm to the master.

	The extent and criteria of harm are at the sole discretion of the master, so with my permission, can she use her magic on me, and or drink and eat.

	Now I don’t have to worry about her sucking my blood unless I approve… but it looks like the person herself has actually forgotten…

	“What a bird head……”

	“What did you just say you iron-faced fox!!”

	Neah overreacted to Amako’s words as she retorted.

	Amako who was walking with Bluerin on my left looks back to Neah and opens her mouth with an uninterested look.

	“What I said are facts. And I also know why you wouldn’t walk on your own, and instead stay on Usato, because once you walk three steps, you’ll forget.”

	“Fu,fu fu fu… I have always imagined going on a journey, but I can’t stand it anymore! Hoot hoot!!”

	Neah jumps out of my palm and charges at Amako in a tremendous speed.

	Amako on the other hand, avoids the awkward thrust at her face, simply by tilting her neck, grabs her by the legs, spins her arms round and round, and flung her.

	She transformed mid-air in a matter of seconds and rolled down the ground to my feet.

	……How many times must they repeat this exact exchange to get disciplined?

	“D-Damn it… I-I’ll win next time…”

	“I acknowledge your bravery, but don’t you think it’s difficult to beat Amako who can pre-empt your movements? Also, do you think you can win with that form—–”

	“Shut up shut up!! Speaking of which, Usato is also bad for lying to me!! Why must you lie!! Do you like messing around with me!?”

	“You don’t have to regress into a baby while being mad at me… Aah, alright my bad.”

	Since it was my fault.

	But, why did you have to retort to Amako’s words when she just teased you a little. And what’s even more surprising is you being defeated as fast as a catch ball.

	Neah scrubbed and wiped her eyes, and turns back into an owl again before jumping on my shoulder.

	“So, you ended up staying on my shoulder.”

	“Hun, I am Usato’s familiar, so this place is the best.”

	For the past few days, she stayed on top of Ark-san, Bluerin, and on the horses, but finally decided to stay on my shoulders.

	Apparently, she seemed to like being on top. If she wasn’t so noisy, I won’t be bothered, but occasionally she spreads her wings and hits my ear and neck which pisses me off.

	Also, Amako’s gaze becomes strangely harsher than usual.

	“Hm, right…”

	Speaking of which, Neah who is a familiar now, what happens if she turns into a human?

	In this case, she’ll be recognized by the Samaria, which have a strong hatred against demihumans, so she’ll have to be treated as a familiar at all times…

	In such a case, it’s best to ask Arc-san.

	“Arc-san.”

	“Yes?”

	When I talked to Arc-san, who was pulling the horses in front, slowed down a little to answer.

	I pointed at Neah on my shoulder and asked him what I was interested in.

	“It’s about this thing here, even if she’s under a familiar contract, is it okay to let her be a human in Samaria?”

	“Hmm, well as long as she’s your familiar. But demihumans like Neah are so rare that you honestly can’t tell the difference. If she is perceived as a demihuman by the Samaria…”

	I’ve heard that the Samaria doesn’t have a good impression for the demihumans, but it’s quite annoying that I may have to hide not only Amako, but this Neah.

	“Of course!”

	Next to my face is Neah who for some reason looks proud.

	“A humanoid monster has the intelligence to understand the language of humans, meaning that a smart and strong monster like me is as close as a demihuman!”

	“Right now, I felt sorry to have you accompany us on a journey… Eh? If worse comes to worst, they might even mistake me for having a slave…”

	“……Hahaha, there is that possibility…”

	You’re kidding me.

	I’m carrying such outrageous baggage.

	Even though she was the one who forcibly signed the contract, treating her as a slave…

	In addition, Neah’s transformation can be easily unravelled. Just as Amko waves her hand and flung her, she would easily return to her original form.

	If we’re in the city of Samaria right now, there would be no place to pass the letter.

	At best, I’ll get kicked out of the kingdom. At worst, Neah will be targeted, and I’ll get imprisoned.

	“All I have to do is not get found out. I’ll just stay in this owl form the whole time.”

	“Please, at least transform back into a human…”

	“Eeeh, but it’s easier to move around like this.”

	When this kid turns into an owl, though she’s a bird, she doesn’t know how to fly.

	In addition, the only thing I see is wariness as when she simply replied with a, “don’t you worry” attitude, I can’t trust her whatsoever. Perhaps, the moment we enter the city, this ignorant little girl with her knowledge alone would cause a commotion, so I think it’s best to leave her somewhere when I hand the letter.

	“Arc-san, is it better to act separately with Amako and Neah at the time? I’m worried that if we’re bringing these dogs and monkeys together, it’ll just spell trouble, right?”

	“You’re right. Let’s have them wait with Bluerin when we give the letter. Are you both okay with that?”

	“ “ No. (Disagreed) “ “

	They’re such good friends.

	You wouldn’t think that they’re enemies for the past few days, as they agreed simultaneously.

	Amako suddenly pulls my sleeve, with her shoulders drop. Looking at her, Amako looks up and talks to me.

	“But. I supposed there’s no helping it…”

	“Amako…”

	You’re such a good kid.

	It’s too easy to read what she’s worried about.

	“Neah, you too——-”

	“I don’t wanna, why do I have to be with such a cheeky beast girl?”

	That’s a troublesome child. Really, who’s the older one now.

	Can’t be helped, unless there’s no other option, we’ll have to make such a difficult decision.

	Immediately, I approached Bluerin who walked in front of me and stroked his head.

	“Amako’s great right. Don’t you think so, Bluerin? She isn’t selfish, unlike someone?”

	“Guaa……”

	“Right, how about meat for tonight’s dinner? You’ve only eaten fruits lately, so I’m sure you wanna eat something that gives you energy right? Just in time—-We have some good bird meat here.”

	“Pii!?”

	I hold down Neah’s head who wanted to fly off with my left hand.

	My face slowly shifted to her with a wicked smile on my face, and an owl with tears on her eyes, trembling all over.

	“Ah, aaah——-!! I suddenly thought of wanting to be with her?!”

	“Eh, really? I’m glad that you understand.”

	Her attitude immediately changed and agrees to stay behind with Amako.

	Yeap yeap, I nodded and release my left hand from her head.

	Now that she is able to move freely, she shakes her head and shouts in confusion.

	“Ho, hofu. Wh- Why are you threatening me this calmly!? Is my common sense the one that’s wrong here!? Or is it that Usato is the strange one here!?”

	“Don’t worry, because Usato is the only strange one here.”

	“Ha ha ha, Usato-dono is as strange as ever.”

	“Can you not treat this as some sort of cute thing!?”

	Amako being expressionless, Arc-san says it while laughing cheerfully.

	Of course, what I said earlier about frying some bird meat was just a joke. However, if she really becomes too selfish, I might just tie her legs up, and have to take such measures.

	“Well, since you’ve said it, you better do as you’re told.”

	“Fu, fun~ Why are you looking at me as though I’ll be found out. Even if I’ve been found, I can just use my memory-erasing magic.”

	“It’s only as a last resort. Use that if you really have no choice, because I don’t want you relying on your abilities.”

	However, her ability isn’t good if she’s in a crowded area, it’s impossible to erase everyone’s memory.

	If she made a mistake, there’s a disadvantage that’ll worsen her position.

	“Your ability is so convenient that it’s difficult to use.”

	“Mu, what’s with that phrasing. I who have so many skills will never be found out! As a necromancer, I can control the dead! Vampire’s charm, an ability to control the living, and the ability to change shape! And finally, the three magic that I have been learning for the past 300 years!!”

	It’s true that she has quite a number of amazing skills. If you compare to someone like me who only has Healing Magic, it might seem weird to worry about her.

	But then again, when on a journey, there’s no use for controlling the living or the dead.

	……In fact, the only thing that Neah can do during this journey is——magic.

	“Three? Don’t you only have two magics, the restraint and resistance magic? And they’re quite inconvenient as well.”

	“It’s extremely convenient alright. But, I’ve noticed a good point.”

	Neah becomes even prouder as soon as I asked her about her magic.

	So, she can use one more magic besides the restraining and resistance magic? Then again, it’s rather wonderful of her to remember three magics after learning it for almost her entire life.

	“Fufufu, it’s this. Any mage will learn this important magic first.”

	“Heeeh, wouldn’t that be an extremely strong magic then.”

	“That is correct, my third magic is, this—–”

	She stops and breathes in before opening her small mouth.

	“Liberation——Which also means to dispel any curse!!”

	“…O, Oh.”

	I was kinda disappointed…

	Maybe because of my dissatisfied reaction, she went “Ho, hou!!” as she angrily shouted back.

	“What’s with that lack-lustre reaction!! Isn’t it an amazing feat for a magic-user to learn dispel!?”

	But then, there’s not a single point where I need to dispel anything.

	Rather, it’s more surprising to think that there’s a magic like that.

	“Listen here!? In principle, magic can only be solved naturally, and it can continue to function semi-permanently!! That’s why, the magic of unlocking it, the art of unlocking, is an important magic that you must first learn!?”

	I see, so the restraint spell I applied to her was able to disperse over time.

	If she was a semi-permanent mage, would I have been locked up until she releases me?

	With that in mind, the liberation magic plays the role of dispelling is a rather important magic then.

	However—–

	“How long does it take to learn?”

	If it takes time to master, I’ll die soon before I could learn this magic right?

	Whether I thought that my question was plausible or not, I would think she’ll respond with, “It’s natural for humans to question.”, but she opens her eyes wide and spreads her wings.

	“Uo!? Why did you suddenly…”

	“It, it only took me 40 years!! As a mage, you can learn this really quickly! I don’t know if you can do these complicated magic, but you can solve an easy one in an instant!”

	As a monster with longer lives, 40 years will past in no time!?

	But from a human’s point of view, I’ll become an uncle no matter how fast I learn or learned it as soon as I’m born.

	Is it even worth learning this?

	“…Is there an opportunity to use such magic?”

	“Obviously there is. Isn’t there a magician in every country? If you’re a mage, you’ll be dealing with other mages who have curses and magic books.”

	“Huh?”

	A mage? What’s that, was there such a person in every country?

	Looking at Arc-san silently tilting his head, he then shakes his head with a bitter smile.

	Looking at Neah again, she looks proud of her magic that she had learned, assuming that magic is commonly used.

	The guesses that can be derived from these are—-

	“Don’t tell me…”

	……Does Neah not know that magic in this world is almost declining?

	It is a possibility. A child who seems to have been in that village and in her western-style building since birth. Perhaps only she has that perception that magic is a slightly rare technique.

	Meaning, teaching her reality would be too cruel. After all, having to tell her the fact that spending 40 years to learn an almost meaningless magic is just…

	“Hey, Usato—-”

	“Amako, don’t say it. Please don’t tell her. Look at how happy she is right now…”

	After stopping Amako’s words, I looked at Neah who was in a good mood on my shoulder.

	Magic is almost declining, so it’s hard to say that you have many opportunities to use a curse. And conversely, I heard that you can only dispel your own magic.

	From Neah’s point of view, it’s like she just had the opportunity to brag about her magic for the first time, ah, this is painful.

	“So? How is it usato, aren’t I amazing?”

	“Aah, you’re… so amazing.”

	Please don’t look at me with such confident eyes.

	I’ll feel really bad.

	“Fufufu, well that’s a given…… Why are you looking at me like that?”

	I tried looking forward while avoiding any eye contact with Neah, I could see the back of the road—–A city surrounded by large walls in the distance.

	Fortunately, I point to the direction where what seems to be a city.

	“Aah, I think I saw something!”

	With my words, Neah who was asking me why, followed by Amako and Arc-san, who was walking nearby, also look ahead.

	Looking at the city separated by a wall, you can see a castle and a long and narrow building as high as the castle.

	It’s probably our first destination from where the landscape is similar to Lingle Kingdom.

	“So that is, Samaria?”

	A few days after departing from Lukvis, we have our troubles with Neah, but finally, we have reached our first destination, Samaria.





Chapter 81

	Samaria.

	We have finally arrived at the place that is so-called a religious land.

	It took a hard time getting here, but for me, this is where the true battle starts. After all, different from the time in Lukvis, I now have to give a letter to the one who governs Samaria.

	We arrived at the outer gate of Samaria, and we talked to the guard first to get us inside.

	At that time, we asked Amako to wear a white cloak, and Neah to revert back into a human—–The girl who welcomed us when we were in the village. Also, we got Bluerin to be my familiar instead of Neah.

	Looking at Bluerin, the guards seemed to be on edge, but when I tried appealing to them that Bluerin is a harmless monster, we somehow managed to persuade him without any issues. However, I was worried that the guard’s behaviour at that time was strange.

	“From Lingle Kingdom……! I see. You are allowed to enter, but unfortunately, the monster may not enter, so it’s a good idea to leave it with the horses in a stable, near the outer gate.”

	Looking at Bluerin then at me, the guard with his eyes rounded and bewildered, surprisingly let us through easily.

	I’m glad that it was easy, but having them not say anything, it was kinda weird of them not to ask my purpose in coming to their country.

	“…It’s, kind of strange. It’s as if they know me…”

	At the stable near the gate, which the guard taught me, I muttered to Ark-san while he was setting up straws so that Bluerin and the horses could enter the stable comfortably.

	The reaction of the guards when they looked at me and Bluerin were obviously—–No, it seems that they have changed their attitude after seeing my uniform.

	“I can’t say that it’s not a possibility? The topic of the Demon King army may have been known to other countries, so people may have gossiped about the rescue squad achievements and contributions throughout the continent.”

	……Even so, the contents are always to be taken with a grain of salt.

	Anyway, Healing magic is a magic that is not well received. Thus, can anyone believe that someone would use such magic, running around the battlefield with extraordinary physiques, saving a lot of people?

	……There’s no point in contemplating about it.

	The only thing is to be reassured that we’re able to enter the kingdom without any problems.

	“……Haah. Even so, it’s nice that Neah wasn’t found out…”

	“Aren’t you too worried about her?”

	“I won’t deny that she’d forcibly joined us, but its a fact that I would still have to take care of her.”

	Having accepted death, I have saved her life.

	It’s the responsibility of the rescue squad to be responsible for the lives of others, and ourselves, so it’s natural I’ll save her.

	“She seemed to be doing fine during the journey, but I’m sure she’ll be anxious about the outside world that she has never experienced throughout her life.”

	“That is, indeed true.”

	“That’s why—-”

	“Hey Usato, you’re late!”

	…Oi, we’re talking about you right now, so don’t act like a drunk person.

	Hearing her cheerful voice, I can only give up and sigh.

	“……Sigh.”

	“Hahaha. Well, Neah and Amako-dono will be waiting for us, so let’s finish it early.”

	Ark-san and I, who have secured the space where Bluerin and the horses can move freely, we move outside where Neah and Amako are.

	Bluerin cried in a lazy voice, laying down on the place that we made, and cuddled himself into a bun, then began to sleep.

	“Well, what should we do next? Should we head to the palace?”

	Watching Bluerin fall asleep, I turned to Ark-san and asked him about our upcoming plans.

	For a place to stay, we can look for an inn later, and sightseeing around the city isn’t our priority, so I thought we would go straight to the palace, however, Ark-san shakes his head.

	“No, there is a place I want to go first.”

	“Heh? Where would you wanna go?”

	“Since we have to convey that we’ve arrived in Samaria…”

	How are we going to tell Lingle Kingdom that we’ve arrived?

	Ark-san saw my suspicious look, but he changed to a sorry look when I found out why.

	“Right, since Usato-dono doesn’t seem to have the chance to use it back in Lingle Kingdom, nor in Lukvis. Welthy has sent me, so in a sense, it’s natural you won’t know.”

	Huh, use? Send? What though?

	Both Amako and Neah tilted her neck with an “I don’t know either…” look, I too tilted my head and Neah, whose neck was at the same position as me, places her index finger on her chin.

	Alright, Neah doesn’t know either. As expected of a vampire.

	“It’ll be better to see it than me explaining it. Please follow me.”

	Picking up his luggage, he prompts me to follow him through the cityscape of Samaria, where a big silver bell hung at the top of a tower.

	After following Ark-san who is ahead, we entered the city.

	The streets of Samaria, unlike the commercial ones in Lingle, sold a lot of rugged tools.

	However, the people here are as vibrant as Lingle.

	While paying attention to Amako and Neah’s disguises, we walked through the busy street, then Ark-san started talking.

	“Samaria, is known as a religious country, but did you know that there’s another thing that they are famous for? They produce magical tools.”

	“Heeh, which means most of the things here are…”

	“They’re magical tools. It’s designed for everyday use, so it’s not that expensive.”

	Even though magic tools aren’t familiar to someone like me who lives in Lingle, it’s amazing to see a lot of it on display.

	Is there a tool that creates fire? If I have fire, then I’ll be able to survive longer.

	“I love the magic here too. It’s convenient because I can spend less magic.”

	“Wait a minute, you didn’t leave the village, so how did you buy them?”

	“Because Tetra has errands to do in Samaria, so I’ll ask her to buy for me.”

	I’m imagining a granddaughter asking her grandmother for souvenirs.

	Looking at the curious vampire walking happily looking around, someone approached from behind.

	Turning around—–

	“And… Amako? What’s wrong?”

	“……”

	Amako was holding the hem of my uniform so that she could lean on me.

	I can’t see her expression since she was hiding in her coat, but she looks nervous.

	Looking around because of her unusual manner—–I quickly found the cause.

	“That person……”

	I found a young boy in pretty clothes.

	It wasn’t your regular boy.

	An iron collar was locked around the neck of the boy who was sitting in a chair.

	“A… slave.”

	While placing my hand on top of Amako’s mantle to reassure her, this is something that you’ll never see in Lingle or Lukvis, the reality of a different world.

	A human being bought by another human.

	I would be lying if I say that I don’t feel anything, but this is the reality that I have to accept in order to live in this world.

	When thinking about these things, our eyes met, the boy who seems to be a slave. The boy gave a friendly smile and waved his small hand here.

	With an awkward smile, I waved my hands back, and Amako, who the slave couldn’t see because she was hiding behind me, held my hem even tighter.

	“If you’re that worried, you can hold on to me at all times.”

	“……Un.”

	There’s no merchant other than that boy.

	Perhaps the boy is already bought by someone, and this is the after-transactions.

	Having Amako being this nervous has probably imagined what would happen if she gets caught, since she’s a beast girl…

	Since we’ve lived in Lingle Kingdom, which slaves aren’t a thing, it’s no surprise to be afraid of a country where the existence of slaves is integrated into their everyday lives.

	“I’m terribly sorry for my lack of consideration. Up until now, this wasn’t a place where they would display their slaves so publicly…”

	“No, this is something I had to face eventually.”

	Ark-san, who noticed Amako’s condition, felt sorry, but she doesn’t want to blame him because she’ll someday face this.

	“So, Ark-san. Where are we heading now?”

	“Oh yes. It’s right before—–”

	In an instant, interrupting Ark-san’s words, what crossed my field of vision was multiple blue shadows that slid from the sky.

	I was inadvertently sceptical, but when I looked in the direction where the shadow crossed, I saw a bluebird sitting on the roof of the second floor of a house a little away.

	“Pigeons?”

	It’s like the pigeons in our world. Many of them were lined up beside each other, and they all carried something like a small backpack on their backs.

	Looking closely at the pigeons, there’s something like a sign slightly below the second floor where the pigeons are.

	There was a mark of a pigeon holding a letter, and next to it was a large letter displayed [Foo Bird].

	“Foo, bird? Ark-san, is that where we’re heading?”

	“Yes, that’s the first place I want to go.”

	I see, so what Ark-san meant was that he wants to send something.

	“Foobird, a drop-off spot. Where we can tell the Kingdom of Lingle of our arrival.”

	Foo bird——-I felt like I’ve heard of that name before, as I once again looked at the pigeon and muttered.

	The drop-off Foo Bird is a collective term for an organisation that sends letters, etc. And it seems like the word ‘Foo Bird’ seems to refer to a very similar monster that is also a pigeon.

	Back on earth, this is basically a post office, and the FooBird’s are basically the delivery person. Letters are placed in a rucksack attached to the backs of the pigeons, who plays the role of a delivery person. It seems that they can exchange information over long distances by carrying them.

	“Are they different from ordinary birds?”

	“Foobirds, unlike normal birds, are as fast as the wind. And since they’re monsters, they’re strong enough to easily carry a certain weight.”

	“I see.”

	“In addition, the name of the inn isn’t an inn where humans stay, but the meaning of the inn is where the Foobird stays.”

	“So a place for the Foobirds to stay. I see now.”

	While we’re waiting for Ark-san to write his letter, I was listening to Amako who was talking about the Foobird.

	Because only the name and ecology were listed in a book, and I didn’t think it would help humans.

	While being interested, Neah spoke in continuation from Amako.

	“The Foobirds are interesting, but what’s interesting is their familiar contract.”

	“Hm? What’s the difference in a familiar contract?”

	“There are lots of differences.”

	I thought it was the same thing, but it seemed to be completely different from Neah’s perspective.

	“For their case, it isn’t a one-on-one contract, an owner would share the contract with all of the Foobirds. Since there are a lot of co-owners, each owner could be situated in a country.”

	“So it’s possible to exchange letters because they’re sharing contract… Or rather, why do you know that?”

	Did she research it by herself?

	Or did she notice the mechanism of the familiar contract the moment she saw the Foobird?

	“A little while ago, I caught wind of a staff talking about it at the inn, and I remembered after looking at those children.”

	“Wait a minute…”

	Aren’t you just forcibly starting a story out of nothing?

	Wait a second. After knowing how the Foobirds work, I realised that I didn’t need to give Nack a letter.

	If I send it normally, I could’ve told Rose that Nack would’ve been coming in advance…?

	……

	Sorry, Nack. Maybe that person might be doing something unreasonable to you without bothering to read my letter, good luck…

	“Sorry for the wait. I’ve sent a report to the Lingle Kingdom. Also, I have brought something interesting along the way.”

	While praying to the disciple from a distance, Ark-san, who sent the letter, came out of the building with a piece of paper in hand.

	“What’s it about?”

	“It’s about Usato-dono’s friend.”

	“Really?”

	Friends, meaning senpai and Kazuki!

	While being surprised, I look over the paper that Ark-san has shown.

	And in the content, was stories of Kazuki and Inoue senpai who are being active in each country. Although the details are omitted, it seems that the both of them battled in a tournament!! Or battling demons!! Along their journey.

	“Looking at what they’d written, the Wicked Dragon isn’t that great of a deal. Yeap.”

	“I don’t think so…”

	“That’s impossible…”

	“I don’t agree.”

	Hey, y’all don’t have to give a general consensus and retort over it…

	But, the two are doing their best.

	When looking at their success, I felt like I have to do my best.

	“Hey, how are the heroes like?”

	“Hm, Aah… They are—-”

	“Are they as monstrous as Usato!?”

	“Who’s a monster now? Huuh?”

	Neah, who is interested in the two heroes, immediately approached me with eyes shining like a child, but since she was treating such a pure and innocent human such as I, I lightly struck her on the forehead.

	Of course, being careful without removing her transformation effect.

	Neah holds her forehead and growls.

	“Ouuuch~!! Why did you do that for?! I thought for a second that I would fly off somewhere when you flicked my forehead!?”

	“Don’t worry, I held back.”

	If it was Rose, she would’ve blown you miles and miles away with that flick.

	“When Usato holds back… He never does. What’s more, he’s done it to me before many times…”

	“Hm? What’re you complaining, Amako?”

	When I turned to look at her, who was muttering something, she covered her cloak deeper to protect her forehead.

	…Can’t be help, I’ll overlook it for now.

	Seems like there’s room for a little joke, which on the contrary it’s a bit reassuring—-

	—-Gooooooon!!

	“U-Uo!!?”

	With my shoulders shaking, I turned to the direction of the loud noise.

	Goon, goon! The sound of a bell was repeatedly stroke on top of the tower.

	“T-That scared me… Wait?”

	Noticing the sound that is vibrating and transmitted through the air, I noticed that the surrounding area, which was noisy before, was now dead silent.

	Glancing around, the people of Samaria were kneeling and silently praying on the spot.

	“W-What is this…”

	Everyone except our party was praying, and being embarrassed by such spectacle, Ark-san walks up to me and whispers.

	“This is the reason for the country being religious.”

	“This is honestly, out of my expectations…”

	“…Yeah. This might be a bit unfamiliar to us, an outsider.”

	It’s more like being faithful than just praying.

	Even children are desperately praying for something with their hands clasped tight.

	A religious country, when I first heard of it, I didn’t think much of it, but the sight of everyone now silently bowing down on their knees—–seemed rather strange.

	“This is kinda…… making me feel sick.”

	Neah, who was looking at the tower with a disgusted face, muttered so.

	“Why? Are you about to be purified by the sound of the bell?”

	“I’m not that evil…”

	So she is aware that she’s evil…

	Being surprised, the bell suddenly stopped ringing. And at the same time, the people began moving and returning to their usual routine, as if nothing has happened.

	It’s an amazing one-eighty turn of events.

	“Well Usato-dono. Let’s bring these two back to where Bluerin is, and we’ll head to the palace of Samaria.”

	“Eh… Aah yeah, you’re right. We have to send the letter.”

	That’s right, I have forgotten about the letter.

	The impact of Samaria has almost made me forget about it.

	Making sure I have the three letters in my luggage, I confirmed by checking again.

	Alright, they’re there. Then, let’s send Amako and Neah, the extra luggage, to where Bluerin is.

	“Amako, Neah. We’re going to leave you where Bluerin——–.”

	Looking back, Neah and Amako weren’t there.

	Eh? Hah? Are? They were there just a while ago, but now they suddenly disappeared.

	“Don’t tell me, they’ve gone snooping around like Inoue senpai?”

	No, that can’t be. Neah or Amako wouldn’t leave without telling us.

	Perhaps, they’ve been kidnapped? No, that’s impossible with Amako there.

	It’s different, but this is a country that hates demihumans.

	If they’ve disappeared in such a country—–This is giving me a bad feeling.

	“Ark-san, the two of them.”

	“…This is bad. Let’s postpone the letter and look for them.”

	I nodded at Ark-san’s words.

	It’s going to be too late if something happens.

	The letters are important, but it’s much more important to find a friend who went missing.

	In search of Amako and Neah, we have to move there—-But, Ark-san grabbed me by my arm as I walked.

	“…Usato-dono, please stop.”

	“! What’s wrong, we have to—–”

	“Look behind you.”

	When I turned behind, I saw several knights walking in a row from on side of the palace.

	That alone wasn’t the reason that stopped me, but the gaze of the head knight who came here in a row clearly wanted to capture me and Ark-san.

	A man with a long sword, dressed in robe and armour—–A black-haired man with a tinge of white hair, walks in front of us and slowly speaks with a low and heavy tone.

	‘Mind, lending us a bit of your time?”

	“……Yeah.”

	What are they?

	They’re obviously trying to approach us.

	Let’s quickly listen to their story and find the two of them.

	“—–Usato-sama from Lingle Kingdom, a healing magician belonging to the rescue squad.”

	“……Ah.”

	How does he know my background…?

	I haven’t been to the palace yet, and I haven’t told the guards that I’m from Lingle Kingdom.

	Don’t tell me, these guys have something to do with the two’s disappearance?

	“Usato-dono, please calm down.”

	“Ark-san…, tsk, but.”

	“They’re the knights of Samaria. And…”

	His gaze, grasping my shoulder and looking at a direction, he pointed at the sword on the waist of the man standing in front of us.

	The long sword, reminiscent of a ceremonial sword, has a large sphere that was flashing at regular intervals.

	Staring at the sword for a few seconds, Ark-san spoke in a voice that the man in front of us couldn’t listen.

	“……I can understand why Amako-dono departed from here.”

	“Eh…?”

	“I can’t say where they are, but trust me that they’re safe. So please calm down for the time being.”

	“……Okay.”

	I released my clenched fist and relaxed my shoulders.

	In the words of Ark-san, did Amako left with Neah?

	…Is it because we’ll be meeting with these people? Since Amako can predict the future, she must’ve concluded that “Neah must not come across these people together with me.”

	At least, they’re certainly not trustworthy.

	Anyways, if there’s something that we can’t agree along the way, I might have to respond accordingly.

	“…And you are?”

	“…My apologies, let me introduce myself. I am Fegnis, Captain of the Samaria Knight. I am here to meet with you, who have travelled far from Lingle Kingdom.”

	“Welcome us? Uhmm, what do you mean by that?”

	A captain of a knight is different from a commander… But is he somehow in a senior position?

	Either way, it’s too suspicious as I have fully understand his identity.

	In response to my question, the person named Fegnis deepen his mild smile and slowly opened his mouth.

	“Our King, Lucas・Urd・Samaria-sama has invited you to meet with him.”

	“Hah?… Haaah?”

	The King of Samaria wants to meet with us.

	Not only me but Ark-san, was surprised at the story, that was just too abnormal.





Chapter 82

	“Our King, Lucas Urd Samaria, has issued an invitation to meet with you.”

	The king of Samaria is calling me.

	It sounds simple in theory, but this is an unusual situation.

	“Why does he want to meet with me?”

	“Our king doesn’t like not accepting messengers from other nations, and he is a little… no, our King does not take kindly to strangers, and would rather if he gets to know them…”

	I don’t know how to react to the words as I can’t suppress my laughter.

	Not only did he not answer my question, he told me that the King was anxious in many ways towards strangers.

	…I’m worried about Amako and Neah, but it’s not good to turn to these people’s back and make our impressions worse. If we do any poorly, the response to the letter will be affected.

	Thus, the choices I should take in this situation would —

	“…Ark-san, I’ll leave Amako and Neah to you.”

	I answered Ark-san as I looked at the letters.

	“Are you going alone?”

	Ark-san looks at me with anxious eyes.

	Well, it’s understandable that he’s going to be worried about me delivering the letter alone. Even I’m worried whether I can do it well.

	“It’s okay. If I hand the letter on my own —-“

	“I’m not worried about the letter, because I believe Usato-dono can do it. More than that, what I’m more concerned about is…”

	At a glance, Ark-san glanced at Fegnis, who was waiting for our response, and changed his expression to a serious one, and spun his words.

	“Perhaps they have contacted Usato-dono for some other reason. I don’t know what it might be, but it’s good to be wary.”

	“……Yeah.”

	So there’s another reason why they’re contacting me.

	My only worth is healing magic… Then again, maybe there are people who want me to heal others like Amako has requested.

	Anyway, I’ll be careful as per Ark-san’s instruction.

	“Is your conversation over?”

	“Yeah… I’m going alone. Is that alright with you?”

	Turning around back to him, I told Fegnis in whether he would agree.

	He opened his eyes slightly when hearing that I’ll be going alone, but changed his expression of surprise into relief.

	“There is no problem here. Rather, it’s more convenient for us? The King has commanded us to bring you alone in the first place.”

	“Alone? So he only wants to call me? ”

	“Yes, only you.”

	“…”

	……Doesn’t this sound bad!?

	Isn’t these kinds of pattern where you’re being commanded to bring someone alone but it’s for something completely different!?

	Did I do anything that could be noticed?… Thinking about it, I’m doing quite bold things in Lingle and Lukvis, do they happen to know…

	But I can’t refuse them now that I just answered that I would go on my own.

	Being surrounded by knights, while sighing a little, I glanced at Ark-san from behind before walking down the road to the palace of Samaria.

	Usato-dono who is being surrounded by the knights of Samaria.

	I silently looked at their backs, why did they—- specifically the King of Samaria would try to set up a meeting place with Usato-dono?

	And there’s clearly a motive as to why they asked him to go alone. If the content was for the treatment of the injured or the sick, Usato-dono will receive it without hesitation. Although his healing magic has the ability to surpass that of recovery magic, but he is the proud member of the rescue squad.

	“That was dangerous…”

	“Amako-dono! ”

	Amako-dono and Neah appeared frustrated from behind the alley.

	I immediately approach her and checked her safety.

	“Are you injured !?”

	“I’m alright.”

	“I’m not! I was suddenly pulled away after being hit in the head…”

	Neah has teary eyes while holding her head, but she doesn’t seem to be seriously injured.

	Judging based on her words, it was probably Amako-dono who took her out.

	“It is true that Amako-dono hid herself…”

	“Yeah, I thought it was bad for Usato, and we might’ve got into huge trouble…”

	“Is it because of that long sword?”

	“…I don’t know either, but I’m glad I was vigilant all the time. Foresight, suddenly saw that Neah’s transformation was dissolved… so if I didn’t panic and take her to the back alley…”

	I could understand at a glance that that was no ordinary sword, a long sword carried by a Knight-Captain named Fegnis. It seemed to emit something like magic from the sphere of the handle.

	I’m not sure because I don’t have a demon eye, but my guess doesn’t seem to be farfetched as far as Amako’s reaction is concerned.

	“…I’ve heard that there is a sword with the name ‘Sword of Truth’. A ritual sword that can ‘detect the lies and expose the true form of the demon- dressed metamorphosis.’ I’ve never seen the real thing myself… but maybe…”

	“So it’ll reveal my ‘fake’ transformation…”

	Given the national culture of Samaria, a Sword of Truth must be the best way.

	Anyway, for them, a demihuman is a perception of a “monster that falsifies the appearance of a person.” Of course, there is no fact that a demon is masquerading as a person, but for monsters that can change shape like Neah are effective.

	It is not known whether Captain Fegnis noticed and approached Neah, but the only consequence was that Usato-dono would go to the palace alone, as ordered by King Samaria.

	“Ark-san, what will we do now? ”

	“…Let’s wait for now. We’ll look for an inn and wait for Usato-dono before he returns.”

	“What if we waited and he doesn’t come back? Shouldn’t I have turned into an owl and followed him? ”

	“As long as there is a knight who can force your transformation to disappear, that is not the right thing to do now.”

	If we send her to the palace, Usato-dono will not return for more than two days.

	I personally want him to come back as soon as possible, but it depends on what the King of Samaria wants from Usato-dono.

	I can’t do anything to help Usato-dono from outside.

	“…Please be safe, Usato-dono”

	We can only wait, feeling uneasy and muttering as I stare at the stature of the palace.

	After walking with Fegnis and several knights, I arrived in front of the palace of Samaria.

	Originally, I would like to enjoy the view of the streets and the large tower behind, but the knights who surround me and the eyes of the people of the country of Samaria, who are looking at us, would not allow me to do so.

	It is as if when I’m following along silently, that I’m being taken away, and thus the scenery will change from the skyline of Samaria to the palace.

	“We will arrive at the throne shortly.”

	“Yes”

	Red carpets, gorgeous crafts displayed in the passage.

	It looks like a familiar palace in Lingle, and when I arrive with Fegnis, I saw a huge door when moving into a completely different place.

	That is the door to the saloon where the king is.

	When being guided in front of the door while swallowing my saliva, a woman wearing a garment very similar to a maid’s clothing approaches to the sides of the door.

	“Sorry for your inconvenience, but if you have any sharp knives or weapons like swords and daggers, please leave them here.”

	After saying, the maid offers something like a huge silver tray.

	Because I was expecting to meet with the king of the country, I took out the sword that came out of the body of the wicked dragon that was in my waist belt calmly, then gently placed it on the tray.

	……It’s not a weapon. It’s just a sharp fruit knife, so I can leave it.

	“That is……”

	The sword wrapped in a leather sheath placed on the tray seemed tattered, but Fegnis, who was watching it, stared at the sword with interest.

	Although it looks like a dagger of about 40 cm, it is a weapon that seems to have been possessed by a hero, so someone who knows it can see it as a great work?

	“What’s wrong?”

	“…Ah no, please do not mind me.”

	When I call him out, he promptly answered, placed his hands on the large double door in front of me and opened it.

	I was prompted to enter before him, and the first thing that came into my sight as I stepped into the hall was the gorgeous interior and the appearance of a young man sitting alone on the throne.

	“Hello, thanks for coming. Welcome to Samaria. I am very happy to welcome you this way.”

	The symbol of a king, a man with a pure white robe and a golden crown casually hanging on top of the throne, with his legs crossed and his elbows in front of him, looses his mouth when he sees me enter.

	“My name is Lucas Urd Samaria, the king of this country.”

	He displays a full smile that portrays no evil demeanour.

	I guess it’s the atmosphere of the man, but my legs naturally falls back.

	This person is not a bad person, but at the same time, I felt like I shouldn’t trust him.

	Lucas Urd Samaria.

	The King of Samaria, the one I handed the letter to.

	He didn’t feel humble or mild like the king of the Lingle, but was rather active and the type that says whatever he wants.

	An unconventional person, or worse, a king not befitting to be one. I can’t say that even if my mouth is torn…

	“Hmm, the Lingle Kingdom wants to form a coalition as a countermeasure against the Demon King’s army… A pure man as ever, don’t you think?”

	“Well, uh…”

	This, is hard to answer, isn’t he being too frank?

	Before I started talking, I was prompted to give him the letter, and I sat down in a chair presented by the maid.

	Eeh? It is completely different from what I expected.

	This is a different expectation, Lucas-sama…

	Looking at my confusion, Fegnis, who was standing beside Lucas-sama, opens his mouth.

	“King, please refrain from doing such behaviour…”

	“Ah, my bad. So you’re someone from the Lingle Kingdom, but I’m going to tell you. Lloyd is a little too ambitious. Because this is what I’m interpreting from this letter. It’s important to scare your opponent, even if exaggerating it a little, but it doesn’t tell me that, instead it’s more of: “I want your help,” “Let’s kill the Demon King together.” These sweet words while holding a bouquet of flower. ”

	…I didn’t say anything, but it is true.

	I only vaguely knew about the contents of the letter, but I was convinced that the text was written by the king. He couldn’t use any threatening words.

	“But the efficiency is still the same. Even if you’re a king that governs with your kindness, and your citizens approve of it. Blessed ministries, blessed soldiers, blessed people—-A king who places the importance of his people first would be a comfortable country, right?.

	“……Yes”

	I know the King of Lingle well.

	Maybe it’s an old-fashioned relationship? I imagined that the interaction between the kings was a bit of a jagged moment, so I can’t imagine being close together…

	“It’s one of the most important factors that a king wants to have…… and if I don’t do something like that, everyone else will follow Lloyd. ”

	“The king is longing enough.”

	“Because I choose to ignore unnecessary things. If he is a king who can support the people, I’m a king that ignores these things. I’m jealous…… Oh, how jealous I am, no, in this case, instead of jealousy, am I envious? Anyway, I’m sure he’s in a completely different place than me…”

	Lucas-sama, muttering with a sad voice, carefully folded the letter.

	I felt that he would say more based on that behaviour, so I straightened my back and waited for his word.

	Probably I will be offered to wait, so I have to tell them I will stay in this country.

	“I’ll accept it.”

	“Eh……?”

	However, contrary to expectations, the words spoken by Lucas-sama were that he accepted it.

	I’m stunned by the fact that the deal has been made so easy.

	“Ah, eh?”

	“Did you not hear me? I have accepted the letter. Let us send troops to the kingdom of Lingle.”

	“…Huh?… Isn’t it too early to decide? Shouldn’t we discuss further…”

	“I don’t think we need to talk any further.”

	He spreads his arms on his back and looks around the hall.

	Both Fegnis and the maids, who were by the side, were all amazed, as they desperately tried keeping a smile.

	The reaction is as if they were used to the king’s remarks…

	“Wouldn’t it be strange to read this? The Demon King’s army? An army that had traversed the continent hundreds of years ago is trying to drop the continent into darkness again. Isn’t that good enough of a reason? So there is no reason not to cooperate. ”

	“But, you did refuse once…”

	“Because the first invasion did not gather information about the Demon Army, but the second repulsion, when the summoned heroes were seriously injured, the Demon King’s threat was the highest, and thus I was convinced that it would be hard to leave the Demon King’s army alone. “

	Anyone who understands that can understand the dangers of the Demon King Army.

	Somehow I was so suspicious of the fact that he received it so easily, but ironically, the fact that Kazuki and senpai fell into a pinch may have accelerated Lucas’ decision.

	“Thank you for your consent.”

	I sent my thanks.

	Although we were worried, we managed to get Samaria’s cooperation. If this continues, I may be able to make our journey much shorter.

	However—

	“Now, your role here is over——next is about my story.”

	―――― I knew it was too easy to believe.

	He handed the letter to Fegnis and muttered something to him while putting his hand on his armrest.

	For this person, the story of the letter is a bonus.

	The main subject is now…… I don’t know what kind of story will come, but I’ve been warned by Ark-san and should be careful not to make any casual statements.

	“What do you want me to do? ”

	“Hmm, it seems that you were already expecting something out of me when I called out to you personally.”

	Lucas-sama nodded as if he was impressed.

	“I know all of you well.”

	“I heard that the rescue squad’s rumours have spread after the battle with the Demon King Army…”

	“I’m talking about you coming from a different world.”

	“!?”

	“The hero who uses light magic to exorcise demons, the hero who fires lightning and dances on the battlefield like thunder—–two people with the qualities of a hero who was summoned from another world, and the unfortunate that was involved in that summoning was you, boy.”

	“…Why, how do you know?”

	Even if he were to know that two people known as heroes were summoned in a different world, yet, how does he know that I was also summoned together?

	Rather than being surprised, I was interested.

	“Isn’t it natural to send spies to other countries? Knowing the insides of other countries and responding to them flexibly is also one way to avoid unnecessary fights. Well, it is necessary in a world without war…”

	Spies… I didn’t even think spies from other countries were looking around for us, but why tell all of it to me? As far as I can tell, wouldn’t it be better for senpai and Kazuki to hear about this?

	“Do you want me to call the two heroes? If so…”

	“No. I don’t need a hero. I certainly want an overwhelming individual, as I say. But that’s not it. I shouldn’t have that, if I did, I’ll be fascinated by their power. ”

	It was a little snapping to say that they were dangerous, but I could understand why he said that.

	Senpai and Kazuki are strong. Unlike me, who forcibly stretches out by hurting my body, they are genius and talented people who grow at an unusual speed with their talents and efforts.

	If someone other than the king has such a strength, it would be scary to imagine.

	But if he doesn’t need them, I have more questions than answers.

	“Why call someone who is a healer? If I subtract the part of being a hero’s friend, my utility value is only healing magic? ”

	“Value. Yeah, if you put it that way, it’s bad. Even so, there are various other people who I could choose if I want their value —- “

	But —-, Lucas-sama, who turned to me, stared at me with his strong-willed eyes.

	“You’re the one and only one who has received the magic of healing magic and being accepted by the commander of the rescue squad, Rose. So I want you as a healing magician.”

	“…You’re overestimating me.”

	Barely, I could only say that.

	Because I did not imagine that he doesn’t want Kazuki or senpai, but me.

	Isn’t this a mistake? I tried to answer with low expectations.

	“Healing magic is a magic that is said to be useless or unusable in the world. I can hardly imagine Lucas-sama wanting someone like that.”

	Lucas-sama, who changed his expression into a ridiculous expression, smiles bitterly.

	“It’s useless? Can’t use it? That’s ridiculous !! We’ve been fighting about this for hundreds of years! Recovery magic can be used by anyone, so it’s useless?”

	Lucas-sama shook his head multiple times as he sadly puts it.

	He who has the power over here, spun his words with a loud voice resounding in the hall as if he were giving a speech.

	“They’re being too shortsighted and foolish, what can lead to such thoughts? Can any injuries be cured? A skilled healer can cure even sickness! If the doctor does not need to give any medicine, we won’t have to suffer the process of treatment, so we don’t need it–it’s a wonderful magic, and I appreciate it. ”

	“…Um, thank you, but there are other healers other than me…”

	“It’s not just any healers—- I want a healer who has been trained by a woman named Rose, someone who has achieved “the exception”. Someone who runs on the battlefield and saves many people. I want a healer who embodies the ideals I envision. ”

	Healers like Rose.

	In terms of normal healing magic, we’re the same. But the achievements that come after crazy amounts of training that Rose has established to use healing magic and physical abilities together…

	He wants that.

	“Of course I tried many times. I hired a few rare healers and tried to create a healer similar to Rose—-but even large adults ran away without a word. What I’m doing is the same as the training she’s imposing on her subordinates. “

	“Well, of course, they’ll run away. There’s no reason ordinary people would want to endure that kind of training.”

	“But you have endured them.”

	“I didn’t endure. I was put up with it. If I say that I hate it she’ll taunt or say…… Sorry, it’s nothing.”

	“…Are you alright? Isn’t it hard on you?”

	I was being worried by the king.

	What is that? The eyes of the maid and Fegnis looked kinder?

	Trying to get this mood away, I cough as if to switch between a different topic.

	“Eh, ehem. If you want to make such recruitment, please go through my leader first.”

	“I can’t do that because she doesn’t feel like talking.”

	“…”

	Somehow I was strangely convinced… Tsk!

	I can certainly imagine that if I tell Rose that kind of thing, she’ll flat out refuse, and for some reason, I’ll be the one being lectured where she’ll say things like “Don’t fucking get me caught with these kinds of shit!”

	“Either way, I’m not going to leave Lingle, but say for example if I accepted your invitation, what should I do for this country?”

	“I wanted you to build a squad. Of course, I would provide a space where you can work hard without training, and have everything you need.”

	“…Such extraordinary treatment.”

	“I hope that you’ll think it’s worth it. I haven’t found any suspicious movement from other countries since the Demon Army came out. It’s too disturbing, so I’d like to take various measures. ”

	In other words, did he recruit me to prepare for fighting other than the Demon King Army?

	For that reason, he’s planning to welcome me with extraordinary treatment.

	…But I don’t have the ambition to want my own squad or something like that, and I don’t think I have anything I want.

	“It’s a very inspiring place to train with care, but… I’m not very reluctant to have my own unit.”

	“…Even after preparing you with things more than Lingle, but is that still useless?”

	“Yes, I still want to be with her, and I have friends who have sworn to meet with again in Lingle. It’s too much trouble. “

	“……That’s too bad.”

	Lucas-sama sits in his throne while thinking deeply in my words.

	Because it’s an unfamiliar honorific, it’s rough in some places, but I can say what I want to say.

	After that, let’s just wait for the other party’s reaction.

	Lucas-sama, who groaned with his arms folded while waiting for a reaction, raised his face after he sighed.

	“But, I can’t be convinced with just an, “I see, so that’s it.”. “



	At the same time, his words released with a fearless smile, the door of the hall opens vigorously, and a dozen or so knights enter in avalanche, surrounding me who is sitting.

	……You’re so daring to do that just because I refuse?

	I didn’t want to make much of a mess before the letter was received, but if that was the case, I’ll take it. I slowly lift my hips and prepares to move at any time, looking at Lucas-sama—– but he had a generous smile, which confuses me when I saw the knights surrounding me is being worried.

	“Hey, Fegnis, isn’t the timing a bit too early? And what is this number? I’ll look like a bad guy here. Look, his face is like… Rose.”

	“My humblest apologies, but if you don’t let me go, you’ll be considered bad either way.”

	“You sure can say it… Oh, don’t get me wrong, it’s not like I’ll force you to get your consent.”

	“Eh… Is that so?”

	“Also sorry everyone, you can go back.”

	I have no choice but to be confused by Lucas-sama who let the knights around exit the hall.

	Well, it’s good that we didn’t have to develop into a bad end…



	“I’m not that dirty as to force someone else to obey. What I’m suggesting is to give yourself some time to think.”

	“Time to think?… How long would that be?”

	“Ah yes, how about three days to a week? I guess it will not hinder your journey, but how about? In the meantime, you can let me know about our country and I can know you better as well. ”

	To be honest, I should refuse, but before receiving the letter, I can not refuse to hurt the other party.

	Well, it will be fine for about a week.

	Because I originally wanted to stay here about that long.

	“I understand. I’ll be in your care for these few days.”

	“Okay, then it’s decide, invite your fellow travel companions to the finest inns. But before you come back, let’s make sure there’s no inconvenience.”

	……?? Until I come back?

	Did I hear that wrongly? It’s like I’m not going to sleep in another place.

	“About——“

	“You there, guide him to the “example” garden.”

	“As you wish, Usato-sama, here. I shall guide you.”

	Ah okay, is what you think I’m going to say, but what is this example garden?

	Though I’d like to go to that finest inn if I can?

	I want to rest on a soft futon you know?

	But I’m so happy to be able to stay here, where Lucas-sama would take care of me, as he pours a cup of alcohol and didn’t notice my voice.

	Is it okay to drink midday, is he alright?

	“…It feels like something big is about to happen…”

	At least, I wanted to check with Ark-san to see if Amako and Neah were found.

	……Wait?

	If I think about it, Lucas-sama sent a spy to get to know us. So obviously, the members who goes on a trip would be known. If so, wouldn’t he know that Amako, a beast girl, is a friend of mine?

	At the moment these thoughts came to my mind, I felt cold sweat and wondered why he didn’t use it as a threat to me.

	“No, no…”

	He knew that if he’d threatened me with that, he wouldn’t get any cooperation from me.

	That’s why it may be a good idea to gain my trust for the time being.

	While following the maid who left the hall, I sighed and walked on a long stretch of palace road with tired steps.

	“We have arrived. This is the garden.”

	“……Uo……”

	The place guided by the maid was a garden surrounded by a wall outside the palace.

	Usually, we would stay outdoors, but looking at the sight right in front of me, I screamed with excitement.

	Anyway, there was a large circular transparent dome in one of the vast gardens, and inside it was a beautiful two-story white house.

	“What is this?”

	“It is a barrier made of magic. It allows you to separate the space inside and outside, so it’s a convenient way to prevent rain and wind without having to go indoors.”

	“Heeh, so you can make such kinds of magic tool…”

	Hearing that it was a barrier, I guessed that it would confine me or not, but as far as I saw the maid’s smile, it wasn’t. While being relieved, we move to the door that seems to be the entrance to the circular barrier.

	There are two guards standing in front of the silver door that is made to fit into the barrier. When they saw me and the maid, they bow gracefully and open the way.

	“If you want to go outside, tell them. When it comes to food… You don’t have to worry about it.

	“Eh, is something the matter?”

	“It’s nothing.”

	“But your complexion…”

	“It’s nothing to worry about.”

	“……Alright.”

	For some reason, the maid whose face has turned blue while holding her stomach was feeling pressured.

	While tilting my neck, we enter the barrier from the open door.

	“If there is anything, please tell the butler who manages here. I will also be waiting nearby, so please call through the knight.”

	“I see… well, should I meet the butler here?”

	“…Yes, I think it’s better to meet him first.”

	First? Is there anyone other than the butler?

	When I was worried about her saying that, I thought about asking about that——-suddenly the door of the white house in the barrier was slowly opened, and my consciousness turns to that —- as my breath stops.

	“…!”

	What I saw was a white, morbid person.

	A girl whose skin and hair are even white.

	She is fragile enough to think that she will break if touched, as she smiles at the maid behind me and in front of me alternately with a smile.

	When I saw that smile, I thought it was similar.

	The smile that doesn’t make me feel anything evil, which reminded me of that of Lucas-sama.

	She gladly rushed in front of me, grabbing my hand with a hand wrapped in a long glove——about the length of my upper arm, and grabbed my hand as if it was her life, and shook.

	“Hello!”

	“Ah, yes, uhmm…”

	“Hello!”

	“……Hello.”

	“I’m looking forward to your arrival. Eeto, U… U… Uzato!”

	“…”

	It’s my first time being forced to say hello on my first meeting, as if I was being abused (?)

	While listening to the maid’s voice hurrying to correct my name in the background, I looked up at the sky surrounded by the barriers, keeping my eyes under the view of my mental shock.





Chapter 83

	The girl that appeared in the palace of Samaria.

	Being surprised by Usato’s shocked from what looks to be some miraculous abuse from her body, and when the maid noticed her notable error in pronouncing his name, she hurriedly panicked and lowered her head, then hurriedly ran into the white house.

	The maid who introduced the abused child now guided me to the wooden table and chairs in front of the building and urged me to sit down.

	The maid immediately returned to the castle, but should I wait until that young girl comes up?

	Based on the panicked situation, it seems that she won’t be coming anytime soon…

	“But still, this place is quite wide…”

	Looking around, there are ponds and trees in addition to the white houses. The barrier that surrounds it is also semi-transparent, so there are no feelings of oppression.

	I wonder if they have it outside and inside as well.

	“It would be too much to say that this inn feels like nature. But it’s a fact that it creates a calm space.”

	I rest my back on the chair and waited for the young girl.

	I was able to pass the letter safely, but I’ll have to stay here for a while. It’s not per se problematic… As it is my job to keep the relation with Samaria intact.

	“…Invitation huh.”

	Having my own squad in Samaria.

	It’s something that I can’t imagine at my immature state currently.

	However, that might not be the case after a few years, where I defeated the Demon King’s army, and defeat the Demon King. Then, being accepted by Rose and become a full-fledged member, but what would my next objective be?

	“…”

	Everything may not go as expected, but if our rescue squad and the heroes, Kazuki and senpai aren’t needed anymore—–I can’t help thinking about the future that it will be.

	Currently, I’m busy with various things such as letters and demon king, but after everything is over, I have to think for myself, not going on a mission or under direct orders from her.

	If I think about that—-

	“…That, might be good. I can come to Samaria.”

	Of course, this isn’t confirmed right now.

	It’s a hypothetical situation when the army is defeated, and Lingle becomes peaceful, and Rose recognises me as a full-fledged healing magician.

	…Along those lines, having a rescue squad in Samaria is like gaining my own independence.

	Of course, I can’t do it myself, but I will pass on the experiences and knowledge as a healing magician taught by Rose to the people who were oppressed like Nak—-

	I’m sure my ideal would be cut off by Rose’s single word ‘simpleton’ and shrug me off, but I think it’s kinda nice.

	“To achieve that, I’ll have to make this world peaceful…”

	Looking up towards the sky with a bitter smile, the sky turned into a sunset colour at some point, and it was almost evening.

	Noticing that, I carefully stood up and did a light stretch on my back.

	The light coming from outside the barrier illuminates the white house and dyes it orange.

	“Ughh…… Hm?”

	There’s something in the shadow of the house.

	Being concerned, I decided to leave my seat and approached the shadow.

	Going closer to it, I found a stone buried on the ground. It had a pure white colour with no scratches.

	This is… a grave? It could be a stone monument. But, there’s nothing written on it, and the surface is so smooth that you can see the gloss.

	“…It’s better not to touch it.”

	I was curious, but it might be better not to touch it without permission from the owner of this place.

	Especially if it’s a grave.

	“Ah, he’s here!!”

	“ ! “

	Turning back to the voice from behind, the pale girl was holding her hand against the wall of the house while breathing a sigh of relief… The more I looked at her, the more I don’t get her ‘pure white’ impression. Her age, seems to be slightly older than Amako?

	“I’m sorry for moving on my own…”

	“N-No, it’s fine! It’s my bad for keeping you waiting forever… Uhmm, that…”

	The girl glances at me several times while tying her hands together.

	For some reason, it reminded me of the behaviour of the former village girl, Neah.

	‘M-My name is Eva・Urd・Samaria! I’m truly sorry for making a mistake with your name just now!”

	“…It’s alright, I don’t care anymore.”

	What’s with that name.

	Although my name was never difficult to make a mistake, there are times when this is the case. No, I take that back, I’ve never been called Uzato before.

	“You may already know my name, but I’m Usato Ken. I’m like… a messenger from the Kingdom of Lingle… As your name suggests, are you the daughter of Lucas-sama, am I right?”

	Since I’m not used to using honorifics, it felt like I was saying something awesome.

	I’m not sure if it’s right or wrong, but the girl who makes a slight glimpse of my honorific expression—-Eva-sama.

	I regret doing it, though all said in my heart… She opened her mouth with a mixed tone of dissatisfaction.

	“…That is right. I am the daughter of this kingdom. However, since I have no power as a princess, you don’t have to speak to me in honorific terms, okay? Rather, my father asked me to entertain you as a guest from now on.”

	She doesn’t have power as a princess?

	Now wait a minute, Lucas-sama asked her to entertain me in advance?

	…I hate being danced on that person’s palm.

	At the very least, I would like to draw a line using honorifics, but it’s impossible from her appearance…

	“I understa-…… Got it. Let’s stop with honorifics. Uhmm, Eva… -sama?”

	“Eva is fine. Usato-san!”

	A carefree, full-grinned smile was aimed at me, which frustrates me.

	That type of smile that brings innocence and heartfelt joy to one’s heart——This child’s character really resembles that of Kazuki…!

	She’s not like the fraud Neah, but a pure young girl—-Honestly, someone like me who’s always suspicious and has a dirty mind, is a difficult partner for me.

	What’s that. What I see from behind her for a moment was awful.

	“Uhm, I’ve been meaning to ask…”

	“Yes?”

	I point to an object that is slightly visible from the back of the cutely tilted Eva.

	“That, the rope behind you… What’s its uses?”

	“UEee?! Ah-, Ah-, That…”

	When I asked, she looked as if she had been exposed, and placed the rough rope in her hand in front of me.

	It’s a moderately thick rope. Is this those sorts of ropes Hollywood often use in movies to hold hostages?

	“I, I thought that Usato-san had run away because I did something horrible”

	“……”

	“But, I don’t need this anymore, because Usato-san is here.”

	She throws the rope down at her feet, and happily puts her hands on her cheeks, with those cloudless eyes, then smiles at me.

	What is this, this idea of an elementary school girl who’s trying to catch a small cat who accidentally strays in the garden of their house? It’s cute if we’re talking about cats, but it’s terrifying if that is a person.

	“Ha, ha ha ha. Don’t tell me, you wanted to use that to catch me?”

	“No way! I will never do that to my friend!”

	Wait a second, since when were we certified friends? I’m fine with that, but you didn’t even introduce yourself until we’ve met? Wait, doesn’t that mean you’re going to tie me up before this?!

	I want to pursue that part, but I’m afraid what kind of answer will return.

	Is this normal? It’s natural right? Or is this the habits of a woman?

	I didn’t just meet with a troublesome girl, right? Of course not the sweet and bubbly kind, but the most troublesome of them all.

	“W- Well, rather than that. Let’s have dinner. I’ve cooked a lot of delicious food tonight, so please look forward to it!”

	“Y-You’re right. O-Oh boy—I’m hungry~”

	Let’s think no more.

	This child is not as evil as Neah.

	Convincing myself, I was pulled by her and proceeded through the darkened garden.

	When I returned to the table arranged in front of the building with Eva, there was a light of magic tools that wasn’t lit up just now, and a man was preparing a plate and a cup by the side of the table.

	Noticing me and Eva coming, he bowed humbly, and then returned to the house, carrying a square food item on a rectangular plate with both hands, placing it at the center of the table.

	“Princess. Dinner is ready.”

	“Thank you, Eiri. Now, feel free to sit down, Usato-san.”

	According to her words, I was being seated in a chair pulled by the butler and sat in front of her.

	In front of me is a plain white food similar to my house, and around were bite-sized fruits.

	Is that, cake? This? It’s not impossible as there’s cake in earth, but it’s amazing how similar things are here.

	Being surprised by the unfamiliar sweetness in this world, the butler approached me.

	“Extreme apologies for the late greeting, Usato-sama. My name is Eiri, the butler working here.”

	“Aah, likewise.”

	“This time, with the kindness of the princess who asked us to welcome Usato who is visiting Samaria, we have put our all on preparing this meal for you.”

	“Thank you.”

	Eiri-san the butler then offers me tea.

	He doesn’t look like a butler no matter how I look at it, but when I think about it, there’s nothing wrong with what the butler’s wearing while he’s cooking, so I didn’t pay it any mind.

	However…

	“Just looking at it feels stunningly sweet…”

	The cake, fruit and tea.

	Although there are a few types, the cake is not a hole-type, but a large rectangular shape that you often see in overseas.

	“I’m sorry. Is there anything else besides cakes? Vegetables or…”

	“? Usato-san, you don’t eat cake and vegetables together, you know? Vegetables are for breakfast, and the cake is for dinner.”

	So they call it cake in this world as well?

	Or is the translation spell given when being summoned reproduced words that are familiar to us?… Well, not like it matters now.

	“…During the day?”

	“It’s meat. For health, you have to eat well.”

	I may be biased in various ways…? But I feel that the way they’re eating is not well balanced.

	Also, consuming such a large cake with such high sugar content fro dinner is likely to cause stomach problems. As a member of the rescue squad, adding extra flesh to my body is not very desirable, and I don’t like sweet stuff to begin with.

	What should I do, it’s bad to defeat her good intentions…

	“What seems to be the manner? Please feel free to start anytime.”

	“…Thanks for the meal.”

	For the time being, let’s try one mouthful.

	The sweetness is transmitted as it spreads in my mouth. I feel a sense of euphoria as if healing a tired body after a long journey.

	“Sweet…”

	It’s delicious, but the problem is its quantity.

	The cake placed on the platter has a tremendous presence, and a single scoop from a fork won’t leave a dent to it. It’s a heartburn-causing amount, but I can’t say anything, so I silently ate it.

	Looking ahead, Eva behaves differently than I do.

	Seeing her once more, I wondered why is this girl here? This place is by no means prepared for me, it’s more like it’s meant for her.

	Is she locked up here?

	Or is there another reason?

	Is she suffering from an illness due to her pathological white hair and skin? It may be the quickest way to hear from her directly, but looking at her carefree smile, I can’t do it.

	“? What’s the matter, Usato-san. Staring at my face.”

	“I-It’s nothing.”



	I continued moving my fork while fooling her as she tilted her neck.

	I finished the cake on the plate while receiving gaze of Eva smiling at me.

	“It was delicious.”

	“Right, I know right. There’s more where that came from, so please eat up!”

	When she looks over to Eiri, he tries to put a larger sliced cake on my plate.

	Eating anymore would really cause a heartburn, let’s refuse.

	“No, I’m already full.”

	“I see… But, there’s plenty more…”

	When showing a palm to refuse to Eiri-san, Eva shows a disappointing look.

	However, as soon as I looked at the cake on the table and showed a look of relief, she said dejectedly.

	“I’m sorry. Thinking about it normally, it is no doubt Usato-san can’t eat that much. I didn’t think about Usato-san because I was so excited… This cake is Samaria’s speciality, and I love it. So I thought that Usato-san… But, I was being too pushy…”

	I have a tremendous feeling of guilt when her voice gradually gets thinner.

	This child is directly irritating my conscience…?! As expected of a person with the same pure heart as Kazuki. I don’t feel that inconvenience from Inugami-senpai or Neah.

	——I guess I can have one more plate…

	“Eiri-san. Please give me another…”

	“Eh? Usato-san…?”

	“Thinking about it, I’m not full with just one slice.”

	I swallowed the newly prepared cake from Eiri-san. Although the sweet taste spreads throughout the mouth, I managed to wash it off with the black tea.

	Aah, why am I always like that, always so easy to fall for these tricks. Maybe it’s us Japanese that can’t say NO to anything…

	“You’re kind, Usato-san.”

	“Well, moderately.”

	“But, it was nice meeting you. I was worried because the people who came here would leave immediately right after dinner, so I was worried. Does everyone from the outside not like sweets that much…”

	I can’t say much because I rarely eat cakes, but there are some people who are sweet maniacs.

	“It’s not that I hate it. It’s just been a long time since I’ve eaten such sweet food.”

	Even before I came here.

	“Fufu, I’m glad. You will come to love the taste of this country’s speciality…”

	“Hahaha. What if I said I wasn’t good with sweets? But I am down to try something else.”

	This is a bit mean of me, but let’s try speaking the truth.

	Why did the people who visited here immediately leave? If the food is the issue, they should be able to serve something different, and that should solve the problem.

	Despite that, if I were to leave, the food—–No, it may be rude, but it might be that there’s something wrong with Eiri-san’s dishes.

	Well, the problem is when such a kind-hearted child—–

	“Of course, you can eat until you love it.”

	“Eh?”

	Was I mistaken, but I think some pretty crazy words have popped out.

	No no no no, she’s not gonna do anything like forcing me to eat with a smile.

	“You must not leave any food. And no being choosy. And never forget to appreciate the food. Those are the common sense to know. And—– When I grow up, I’ll make this country a place where my father will love.”

	No cloudiness—–No, she’s staring at me with her pure eyes.

	That eyes, I felt something crazy.

	“That’s why I’ll do my best. Even if I dislike it, I’ll do my best until I like it. That is what’s the Princess of this country will do.”

	“…”

	“But, that’s not necessary! Because it’s not like Usato-san doesn’t hate cakes right!”

	“E-Eeh… R-RIght.”

	Ah, now I get why everyone wants to leave…

	Eva, no. You’re wrong. You’re not supposed to work hard on what someone tells you, but what you want to do. This is pure madness—–This is what I felt from her.

	She’s just too pure.

	Because of that, she accepts the word and situation as is. With such a girl in front of me, I could only pluck the cake that was silently piled up like a mountain.

	After that, I had to eat all the cakes that were placed.

	The last one was almost enthusiastic, but after eating it, I realised how much of a blunder I made.

	What will happen to my body if I continue such a meal for a week—–Imagine a fat figure of me, and at the same time the reaction of Rose when she sees me.

	—–She’ll show me every hell of the world……

	“I have to burn them… I have to burn all of them…”

	While grumbling and mumbling, I’m doing push-ups with all my heart, which I would never do in the past. After all, despite being guarded by Eiri-san, I’m doing muscle training in the garden inside the barrier.

	Exercising is the only way to burn the calories being ingested.

	I don’t know how much exercise should be done, but I think it’s safe to say I should do three times what I normally do.

	“Guu……”

	Since I’m doing push-ups more often than over, I was overwhelmed by my whole body’s load, which is still not enough to burn the calories of the cake I ate earlier.

	I switch from push-ups to abdominals while holding my breath.

	“Is this what Lucas-sama was aiming for…”

	Trying to get rid of me mentally—–And trying to get me rooted with an unbalanced diet.

	It’s a sneaky method to execute, but knowing that I have a hard time dealing with Eva, who does it in good faith, it’s a truly good gimmick.

	“Uhm… Usato-sama.”

	“Hm? What’s wrong, Eiri-san.”

	Eiri-san who was in front of me who was doing abdominals has a slightly embarrassed look.

	He who looked completely dark called out in a worry.

	“Isn’t it time for you to take the day off…… It seems like you’ve been doing the same thing for over two hours already… Aren’t you tired from travelling?”

	“…It’s almost impossible for me to feel physically tired. So I’m still fine.”

	That wasn’t a lie.

	If I use healing magic, I can get rid of my physical fatigue, so I can continue to move as long as my magic doesn’t run out.

	“Eiri-san, you can just leave me and rest.”

	“Thank you for your kindness… Well, it’s very difficult to say—–But I can’t rest unless Usato-sama returns to his room.”

	“Eh? But, you don’t have to mind—-”

	“Please look over there.”

	Eiri-san shooks his head slowly and turned his hand to behind me.

	Looking back, the shadow of a white house—-Eva, a girl who looks into the place illuminated by the light of magical tools. She gazed at me with intriguing eyes and stared at me here without approaching.

	I was suddenly surprised at the pure white appearance of a horror movie.



	“…I-I didn’t notice… Did she look at me from there this whole time…? It’s fine if she’d come to talk to me…”

	“I think she felt bad to disturb you. She’s a very modest and kind person.”

	Truly, a kind child indeed.

	However, even if I said that, the word strange comes in mind when I see her.

	“Usato-sama. You may have been irritated by the princess. But please stay here for a little while longer. The princess is curious about you… And she doesn’t have any motive against you.”

	“That part I understand. But, just because she has no ill intention towards me, her behaviour is…”

	“Folly right?”

	“…Well, yeah.”

	It may be more correct to say that she’s out of sync with common sense.

	As I said, it’s like an innocent child trying to do the right thing.

	“It may be unavoidable to say that she doesn’t have common sense. However, the princess only knows what’s in this house.”

	“Here as in inside this barrier?”

	“Yes. The past, and until the future—-There’s also a reason why they have to do that, and she accepts it. However, for her who knows only of this narrow world, all common sense and values, she had to learn it in the process of education rather than experiencing—-”

	……I see, so she has to learn her everyday life through relationships with people, no wonder she looks so out of the ordinary.

	Then, it might be normal.

	For her innocence.

	After all, since she has grown up without a single bad thing, she doesn’t understand what’s good or bad.

	“——-I… We, wanted her who knows only such a narrow world to be free. What’s left is her……”

	“Eiri-san?”

	“My apologies. I can’t say anymore.”

	Eiri-san who has a bad expression smirked. It would be harder to hear about Eva from him. Let’s ask someone who seems to know about it. No wait, it’s also possible to ask Lucas-sama…

	The reason why she has to be locked here. It’s possible to think of something like an illness? Looking at her white hair, that’s the first thing that comes to mind… Maybe Lucas-sama wanted me to cure her so she placed me here?

	Again, looking back at Eva who was watching me shook her hand a little.

	“Princess also likes to write diaries.”

	“Eh, is that so?”

	Watching Eva, Eiri-san suddenly murmured.

	Speaking of diaries, I felt a sense of familiarity.

	“Things about being alive every day —–She wrote in her diary every day about her daily joys and new encounters. She is very fragile… extremely so… We wanted to do something about it, but we can’t do anything…”

	……Eh, Ehh? The purpose of her diary is completely different from mine. Who’s trying not to stray from reality…

	Despite that, it has a weight of seriousness.

	Being confused by the differences of our diaries, Eiri-san who walked up closer to what I thought, grabbed my shoulders firmly.

	“Uoo?! What is it?!”

	“Usato-sama. Please, please stay here a little longer. No, if possible, please stay here for the rest of your life!”

	“What?!”

	My entire life!? You’ve obviously skipped several steps, right?

	According to Lucas-sama’s suggestion, the butler requested isn’t really that surprising now!

	Perhaps he wasn’t looking at my astonished look, but Eiri-san who showed his true colours, up to the point where his expression changed to a screaming voice, diligently squeezed his voice.

	“It’s extremely rare for a person who isn’t scared of the princess… All my co-workers couldn’t keep up with the princess… The guests invited would only be able to withstand her for a single night before leaving—-However, an insensitive person like you are extremely valuable!!”

	“Can’t you stop calling me insensitive?!?!”

	Certainly, I’m insensitive to pain, but it’s not like I’m not sensitive to other areas.

	And to stay forever is impossible. However, it would be alright to stay for a few weeks, as Lucas-sama proposed. Before that, I have to ask about Arc-san’s situation, and if possible, I want to meet with them.

	“U-Uhmm, you two seem to be having fun! What were you talking about?! Can I take part in the conversation!?”

	How can you look at this current interaction and think it looks fun…?

	Eva, who was unable to endure after seeing the exchange between me and Eiri-san, came out.

	Looking at her, I expected the next few days to be intense in various ways.





Chapter 84

	Day 2446.

	Dear diary,

	Today’s the day when a very special guest arrived.

	Father has asked me to give the highest hospitality towards this guest, was what I had to do but I messed up big times (!) by saying his name wrongly.

	Stupid me, stupid me for making such a huge blunder! I have already stumbled upon my first encounter—–And I don’t even know how to face Usato-san anymore.

	However, I can’t act like that forever.

