	Usato-san is waiting for me outside this entire time. Nothing will change if I hide in my room forever, and it would make the atmosphere more awkward.

	Let’s not make the first meeting any rougher!

	I’ll not make any more mistakes.

	I have to entertain him.

	I want to get to know him better.

	Right now, I’m feeling extremely happy.

	I want Usato-san to stay around longer. I always wondered why the other visitors who came would never stay for one night.

	But he’s different, he is interesting. After dinner, he would continue to train his body for countless amounts of hours, such an amazing person.

	I’m also happy that he is getting along with Eiri as well.

	I think these few days will be the best days of my life.

	But, I’m still worried, I’m afraid that he would leave as soon as I fall asleep.

	Therefore, before the sun rises, I shall go to his room and check on him.

	Since sleeping early and waking early is rather important, this is no problem for me.

	Another wonderful day has passed.

	Good night.

	Day 2447.

	Dear diary,

	Today, Usato-san went to the palace for half of the entire day, it is another usual day.

	Or was what I thought.

	Early morning, before the sun has risen, I went to Usato-san’s room, but he wasn’t there.

	Staring at the neat and tidy bed that doesn’t look as though it has been used, I thought that the worse had happened.

	Liar, you willfully… These words kept spinning around my head as I frantically stormed outside—–Only to find Usato-san to be training by himself this early in the morning!

	I assumed that he has run away at his own accord, but there he was.

	He isn’t a liar.

	The expression in which he was staring at me, was terribly pale, but that was probably due to the freezing temperature from the morning weather. What a strange person to have purposefully woke up this early just to warm his body up by training.

	As I have written at the start, Usato-san has went to the palace.

	I cleaned and tidied my room; then the garden; then cleaned the pond; I was cleaning and polishing the flowerbed of my mother’s grave. That was how my day usually went.

	Was it around the time when the sun was at its highest when Usato-san has come back?

	When asking him where he went, he told me that he was asking for information on where his friends might be. Since he had a look of relief, it probably went well.

	If it’s possible, I want his friends to come here… When I asked, Usato-san’s face turned pale and wave both his hands strongly while saying “Ah no, that’s alright, haha.”

	Why did he reject me?

	I just wanted to provide more hospitality.

	Once again, another fantastic day has passed.

	Good night.

	Day 2448.

	Dear Diary,

	The house was cleaner than ever.

	Same as before, Usato-san woke up extremely early for his training, and after he was done training, he asked me whether he could do anything to help.

	I can’t let a guest like him do that… But I was asked by Eiri to clean the house together with him.

	…Thinking about it, I would always clean the house on my own, or occasionally Eiri would help, but this is the first time someone else other than Eiri is helping me.

	At the point of writing this diary, I thought that having someone else cleaning the house with me was truly the happiest point of my life.

	But I opposed Usato-san’s suggestion of sharing our cleaning chores.

	I thought it would be better if we cleaned the same place so it would be more beneficial.

	For some reason, I felt that the light had disappeared in Usato-san’s eyes, but I told him not to worry about it.

	Looking at him, the days have become much more fun lately.

	I wonder if he can stay here more.

	And that’s that, another wonderful day has gone by.

	Good night.

	It has been three days since visiting the palace of Samaria.

	During one of those days, I asked Lucas-sama about the whereabouts of Ark-san and co, and whether they are safe. After further investigating, it seems that they have found a guy and two girls staying in an inn, which meant that Amako and Neah were safe.

	On the other end, I was exhausted in various ways these past three days.

	Inside the vicinity of this barrier, I can feel the presence of her stare. One could say that this place isn’t so wide, but I could always feel her stares be it behind a tree or hiding in the shadows of the house.

	I wanted to retort one too many times at the horror this girl’s giving me, but above all, the eyes of this girl looking at me are like an innocent child’s eyes with no malicious intent which made me decide to give up.

	“Haah.”

	Morning of the fourth day.

	I was outside doing my usual muscle training routine.

	Looking up at the white sky, I took a deep breath and tried managing the street menus at any time, but the only thing I could confirm behind me was her presence that had scared me over the last three days, it’s none other than Eva.

	Is she ephemeral—-Or should I say she has no presence at all?

	At first, I dismissed it without a single thought, but it’s not normal for me to be caught off guard from behind this many times.

	“…Seriously, what in the world is she…”

	Is she sick, or maybe not.

	I once tried using normal healing magic on her through my gloves, but it had no effect.

	The only other possibility is the illness from within, or maybe it’s some other circumstances……

	“Maybe I should try using body strengthening on her… No, I can’t.”

	I haven’t completely mastered the skill yet. It’s better not to use it while there’s a danger of magic explosion.

	Walking around the garden, I wondered what to do.

	Then, I noticed—–that someone was sitting in front of the white stone monument.

	“…Is that Eva?”

	No, it’s someone bigger than her. Then, Eiri-san…?

	I can’t see well due to the morning mist, so I tried getting closer. When getting closer, I can clearly see a figure sitting in front of the stone monument.

	It was a man sitting in crossed-legs—–And he didn’t hesitate to place his gorgeous robe on the floor, and points at the stone monument with a gentle smile.

	“Lucas-sama?”

	“Hm? Ooh, if it isn’t Usato. You’re up early.”

	“Yeah…”

	The King of Samaria, Lucas Urd Samaria.

	He turned around and called out to me casually.

	“What happened for you to be here this early in the morning?”

	“A king, needs to get up earlier than anyone else—-Thus, I don’t have the time during the day, and that’s why I’m here.”

	Lucas-sama said as he stares motionlessly at the stone monument.

	I couldn’t bring myself to ask over these few days, what this stone monument is for.

	What I do know is that it’s important because Eva was polishing it very intently.

	Perhaps guessing my question, Lucas-sama slowly opened his mouth after turning his eyes away from the monument.

	“This here… is the grave of my wife, Eliza Urd Samaria.”

	“Grave…”

	“Though, there’s nobody buried inside. This grave is only here to comfort my self-satisfaction and for the child who doesn’t know the existence of her mother.”

	Lucas-sama smiled in self-derision as he puts his hand on the glossy surface.

	The surface of the pure white grave is surprisingly smooth, with no irregularities.

	“Her name used to be carved here.”

	“Used to be…? But, there’s nothing…”

	“Ah well, I did call on a sculptor from a neighbouring country to carve it beautifully… But that kid was constantly taking care of this every single day that even the carving has been smoothed out.”

	“Every, day?”

	“Yeah. Since around ten years ago when she was just only five years old, she has been polishing Eliza’s grave…”

	That’s why she was polishing it so diligently.

	“I don’t know what to say, but, that’s, brave of you…”

	“Hahaha, I understand you’re trying to choose your words. To be honest, it’s heavy.”

	I certainly thought so, but I can’t be saying something to the father-daughter relationship.

	Lucas-sama who looked at me silently stares up towards the brightening sky and muttered, ‘Yes’.

	“I’ll be making breakfast, how about going together?”

	“…Uhmm.”

	What should I do, Eiri-san should be the one making it, and I was just wondering what I should eat after muscle training. No, I should eat some food after training.

	Breakfast prepared by Lucas-sama… Eiri-san’s food is not bad, but I got tired of having almost the same menu each time, and it’s only been three days…

	“Don’t worry. The food I’m cooking is ordinary.”

	“I’ll gladly go.”

	“You have a good personality huh.”

	Lucas-sama who smiled at me for giving a straight answer looked up behind me as he stood up and brushed the dirt off of his robe.

	“Well, is that alright, Eva?”

	“Huh?”

	Turning back from his words, there’s a familiar white hair of Eva staring at us from a slightly opened back door.

	She smiles happily and nods at Lucas-sama’s words.

	Since when—-No, I’m already used to this. She really has no presence whatsoever. At this point, I suspect she’s using some kind of magic.

	“This is—–turning into…”

	“Eh?”

	“Nn, it’s nothing. Well, we got permission from the Princess, so let’s move.”

	“H-Huh…”

	Lucas-sama walked in the direction of the barrier’s exit.

	I thought back about the words I heard just now—–

	“Spirit?”

	Spirit… No, or is it weak?

	Remembering the word that Lucas-sama said with a bitter look, I followed him from behind.

	The breakfast prepared by Lucas-sama was surprisingly normal.

	Instead of a long table that you would often see in a movie, and the plates on which the food weren’t lined up, but it was prepared in the required amount on a medium-sized table.

	However, because it’s the King we’re speaking of, the table, plates, and utensils are all expensive, so it’s safe to say that this is the most luxurious breakfast I’ve ever eaten in my entire life.

	Besides me, who was seated opposite of Lucas-sama, there were only a few knights standing by the wall, which seemed to be on the lookout, but there was no one else.

	Despite being early in the morning, I could not help but to think of assassination or kidnapping because of the lack of security.

	“Is it okay for only so few people keeping guard?”

	“Are you trying to hurt me?”

	“No, that’s impossible…”

	“Then don’t worry about it. There’s no point in being too vigilant than it already is. Besides, the knights here are great. I don’t think an assassination attempt would even occur…… So don’t worry about it okay?”

	Why can I only feel anything but safe from what he’d said?

	After being praised by Lucas-sama. The knights standing by the wall made complicated expressions.

	This kind of frank atmosphere is also different from the King of Lingle.

	“So, how was your three days here?”

	“…I’m having a good time. Your daughter has helped me in various ways.”

	I replied to Lucas-sama’s question as he smiles funnily.

	I didn’t lie. It’s true that she has been a great help.

	“Well, she’s a little overkill at times, but she’s always cheerful. But still, I didn’t think that you would actually stay for three days. If you said that you hate it, I was already preparing to allow you to stay in the palace instead.”

	“…What? If I were to say the word, you would’ve let me stay here?”

	“Hahaha.”

	Oi, don’t try to laugh it off…

	“But you don’t need to change now, right?”

	“You’re right.”

	“Then, leave it as is. You know there’s no one like you? Anyone who understands that child’s anomaly and still tries to live with her. She doesn’t have any common sense and treats things in an insane manner. Everyone ran away because she was creepy…”

	Doesn’t wield common sense and deals with things in insane——Yeah that’s about sums her up.

	It may have been alright because I have some resistance after being involved with the rescue squad, and senpai, people who are troublesome in many ways.

	But, what I’m curious is the fact that Lucas-sama tried to let me meet with Eva without any purpose. There’s no way he actually allows everyone to visit her?

	“In the first place, why did you allow me to meet with her…?”

	“Well, I really don’t have any reason. But if I were to have one, it would be to marry my daughter and come to this country, and I’m truly expecting that.”

	“Isn’t that a bit too aggressive…?”

	Did he plan this way more than I thought…? Maybe if I were to make a mistake, I’m going straight to the grave?

	This person is saying something that scary while eating breakfast with a casual face.

	“What are you saying. I was made to be the king forcefully by the previous king. I didn’t feel comfortable at that time, but after a year, I was okay with being a king. Besides, she looked just like Eliza when she was young, though with a slight difference in her personality. But overall, she’s well-behaved, motivated, and above all else, she’s beautiful.”

	“Even if you say that…”

	I can’t do such fearful things.

	What’s more, people who say that they have subtle personality differences being similar… Maybe that’s where she inherited from her mother? As Lucas-sama looks in a distance, she may have been difficult in some sense.

	However—–

	“I think it’s bad to ignore Eva’s will right?”

	I tried firing back.

	“I don’t mind giving my daughter to attract someone like you though?”

	“Hey, doing that is a little…”

	“I’ll do everything within my power. If it can make this country—–The future of Samaria into prosperity, I don’t mind a little heretical doctrine.”

	But that doesn’t mean presenting your daughter…

	In the first place, there’s no feeling of wanting to marry her. And I don’t want to ignore her will, and I don’t plan on staying here permanently.

	“Even slaves and beast people are treated as such. It is common to incite slavery and hostility to beast people in order to prevent dissatisfaction with national politics, and that is what Samaria needs, so I took that——that beast girl that you’re travelling with.”

	“……”

	“Ah, don’t get angry. It’s me who instructed the people to hide them in the inn so that they wouldn’t reveal themselves. I’m not thinking of making them hostages. That’s a foolish thing to do, and it’ll come back to bite me.”

	I suddenly remembered Amako’s story.

	Phew, let’s calm down and breath, relax my shoulders.

	“Slaves are good as workforce, and this country follows the minimum rules in dealing with slaves. We prohibit all violence against slaves, or any unjust punishment and or excessive labours. If anyone sees someone doing that—-They will be arrested immediately.”

	“Then why are the slaves unhappy here?”

	“I haven’t finished my sentence. But I’m sure they’re unhappy because of the event in which caused them to become a slave in the first place—-But well… you’re right, at least I don’t want them to feel unhappy working in my country.”

	In Lucas-sams’s words, I remembered the appearance of a boy who seemed to be a slave before I came here.

	Since he sat politely and waved his hand with an innocent smile, he doesn’t seem to be dissatisfied.

	I can’t say for sure because I don’t know much about this country to that child, but it brings me to think that Samaria is still a kinder country for slaves than I thought.

	“Uhaa~, well, I think it’s good that it wasn’t as what I had imagined it to be.”

	“To me, I was scared of that look you’re giving me all this time with that expressionless face. If you went on a rampage, even Fegnis might not be able to stop you.”

	“Ahaha, you’re praising me too much.”

	“An ogre being able to keep moving as long as there’s magic supplying him is nothing but a nightmare. And if you’d wanted to, you could’ve neutralised the entire army right? I don’t have any idea how many people would be mobilised before cathing you, but I can’t see imagine what that number will be.”

	I got the feeling he’s talking about catching a violent monster.

	“Hahaha, what a monster you are. No matter how I think about it, I got a feeling I can never catch you! As expected of Rose Number Two.”

	“Are you praising me?”

	“Of course!”

	I don’t feel like he’s complimenting me when he’s saying I’m another reincarnation of Rose.

	Moreover, that is quite overrated. Even if I was attacked by many knights, I had no choice but to escape. And if I have no choice but to fight… Let’s see, I will punch them one by one with my healing punch… I guess? I have no attack that has a wide range effect like senpai or Kazuki, so my means are limited.

	“…Anyways, is there any particular purpose for having me meet Eva?”

	“Hmm. There’s the talk from earlier, but I couldn’t do it because of your personality, so I felt like I just want the both of you to meet. At the end of the day, Eva was able to make good memories. And personally, I’m happy.”

	“Memories…”

	I lean on Lucas-sama’s words as his facial expression collapses.

	This person takes great care of Eva, that I understand. However, the way of trying to present to her, who is an important daughter to her, and let me live together with her in that barrier.

	I thought that he asked me to cure Eva with healing magic, but that was also different.

	Does he really think it’s impossible with my powers?

	Or was there another factor in the palace?

	I can’t possibly get a clear answer simply by just listening passively.

	In that case—

	“Lucas-sama, about… this is just my hypothesis.”

	“Hm? What is it?”

	“But, my healing magic may cure Eva.”

	Now I should be able to know the answer.

	Whether I can cure her, or I can’t, or there’s no need to.

	Lucas-sama who had a gentle expression becomes rigid, but he spins his words regardless.

	“But, right now it’s impossible. I’m ashamed to say that there are still many immature parts of my healing magic, and I can’t say that I’m able to cure the illness. However, if I master it, the illness that is damaging her—”

	“Usato.”

	My name was called with a soft but quiet voice.

	Being stopped with such pressure from him, he opened his mouth with a sad expression.

	“I’m happy with your good intentions—-But it’s impossible. It’s not that easy.”

	“…If I’m not strong enough, there’s another person in Lingle that may be able to handle the strengthening of healing magic. Those people will surely…”

	“No, that’s not it. It’s true that Eva’s body has a problem, but it’s not because of some illness. If that wasn’t the case, do you think that I would like to keep her in such a place with no hope of seeing the outside world? —–Usato, you’re really a good guy. You have a kind heart that is suitable for her successor, but this is—–”

	Lucas-sama who had a self-deprecating smile, stopped midsentence, and leaned his body on the back weakly, without any power—

	“……This is my punishment. It has nothing to do with that child. This might be unreasonable and confusing right now—-But this is a curse of death that erodes the royalty of Samaria.”

	Was what he replied.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	The deeper meaning of the diary is scary (?)

	 	I’m anxious, so I rushed into Usato’s room before sunrise.

	Even after three days, I’m still watching Usato training early in the morning.

	Sharing work = a painful measure to escape from her line of sight.



	※By the way, I wrote it as a curse, but Neah’s dispel is practically useless here. (Bitter)





Chapter 85

	A curse that undermines the royal family.

	I was reminded again of what Rose once spoke with a painful look.

	“Healing magic cannot heal curses.”

	Although healing magic can heal things regarding injuries, illness, and body damages, but the phenomenon of curses cannot be cured.

	“Uhm——-”

	“Your majesty, it is about time.”

	What kind of curse is damaging the royal family?

	And what sort of effect does that curse have on Eva?

	Fegnis, who had come into the room, spoke to Lucas-sama as if to block my questions from being answered.

	“Sigh, you’ve never been able to read the mood huh, Fegnis… Hey Usato, sorry but I’ll have to go back to work as a king.”

	“……Okay.”

	If you don’t have the time, then it’s fine…

	If given another opportunity, I’ll ask again.

	“The end was kinda awkward, but overall I had lots of fun talking with you.—-Fegnis, please send Usato out, I don’t want him getting lost here.”

	“I understand. However, it sounds as though this happens frequently.”

	“…It happened only once.”

	Meaning someone has gone lost in this palace before.

	Certainly, the palace does look like a maze, so it’s easy to get lost. When I was in the Kingdom of Lingle, I lived in the rescue squad’s dormitory. Thus, whenever I had to visit the palace, I was guided by a maid or a knight so as to not get lost.

	“Well, take care of my daughter will you?”

	“I can feel some sort of malicious content in your words… But there are no other intentions right?”

	“Haha… It’s just a joke.”

	Please don’t look serious after laughing, it doesn’t sound like a joke anymore…!

	Lucas-sama who looked back at me with a smile on his face, returned to his original mild smile, laughing like a child who had played a successful mischief, and left the room with the escort knights, still laughing.

	“Fegnis-san. If you would lead me.”

	“I understand. Now, please follow me.”

	Fegnis-san who showed a sympathetic and bitter smile towards me turned around and walked to the garden where Eva lives.

	While following him, I thought about the curse that Lucas-sama has said.

	Curse.

	Based on my knowledge from my original world, it is a spiritual phenomenon that causes harm based on the envy of others.

	Or, it could also mean a ghost, an evil spirit, or a landlocked spirit, a youkai, a sorcerer, etc… That irritates others and literally curses them to death.

	This really hits me as I’m not good at dealing with horror.

	Based on the knowledge in this world, it’s a physical type of curse as what Rose said.

	Also, the magic that Neah said. For example, a binding magic that binds the opponent’s body with magic. However, I still know very little about the magic of this world.

	So the curse that Eva—–Or the curse that’s eating the Samaria’s Royal Family—— Is there a possibility that it’s magic that Neah deals with…? I’ve heard that there are various types of magic. It’s a fact that magic has declined, but it wouldn’t be strange that there’s a mage who had the magic of cursing and killed people in the old days when magic is more common.

	…Wait a minute, if the curse that Eva has is eroding her body, maybe Neah’s dispel might be useful…

	“——Sato-sama… Usato-sama.”

	“Eh? Y-Yes? What’s the matter?”

	Being indulged in my thoughts, I replied frantically to Fegnis-san who was walking in front of me.

	“How was the conversation with the King?”

	“Conversation?… Well, I just listened to his stories, but that allowed me to understand the thoughts and personality of Lucas-sama, and it was a good experience…”

	I answered Fegnis-san’s questions honestly, and he nods and puts his hands on his chin.

	“I think that the King also had a good time.”

	“I didn’t do anything interesting besides answering some of his questions though…”

	“That is not the case. In fact, the king was behaving differently today.”

	“Is that so?”

	What sort of King did you usually talk to? Is that frank personality of his an acting?

	While wondering about it, Fegnis-san slowed down his pace so as to walk beside me, and he points his index finger.

	“Do you remember when the king was talking about slavery?”

	“? Yeah, he talked about it just now.”

	The talk about using slaves and beasts to improve the country, right?

	What about that.

	“I was very surprised at the words of the King at that time. After all, His Majesty who is usually a realist, exclaimed that he wanted the slaves of his country to be happy. For those of us who know His Majesty, that sort of thing is unheard of.”

	“Is that so. Why did he… say that to me then?”

	“You might’ve been someone who doesn’t know much politics, but apart from that… It may be because you are the disciple of Rose-dono.”

	Because I’m her disciple?

	…Don’t tell me that some sort of revenge will come if I said something bad?

	Aside from Rose, if he feels that way to me, then I have to go back and solve the misunderstanding now…

	“His Majesty doesn’t talk about his own ideals because he has given up on it. And because of you, who kept talking about what his ideals were, his ‘real voice’ has come out from hiding…”

	“…I’m different from the captain. Absolutely not the same person.”

	I’m not that grown-up to overlap with that person.

	Of course strength-wise, but even our personality isn’t the same.

	However, Fegnis-san chuckles a little at my words.

	“Fuh, you say that, but I don’t think so at all when I heard about the things you did at Lukvis.”

	“Uh…”

	If he’s talking about the report at Lukvis, he most likely means the training with Nack?

	I don’t know who the hell leaked that, but it might’ve been a failure in my part to train him with Rose’s programme in public.

	It might’ve sent the wrong image to other countries… Aren’t these rumours kinda dangerous?

	“His Majesty has been doing everything he could for Samaria ever since Eliza-sama passed away. For her who loved this country and Eva—”

	At that moment when Fegnis-san spoke too much, a loud sound ‘Gong!’ rang from outside the palace.

	Looking out from the window of the passage, a silver bell at the top of the large tower in front of the palace was ringing while reflecting the sunlight.

	Lukvis has something similar to that, but I was surprised by how much louder the bell was. Fegnis-san, who stopped his legs and looked at the tower from the same window, quietly opened his mouth.

	“Hundreds of years ago…”

	“Yes?”

	“It’s a story from hundreds of years back.”

	Listening to his reluctant words, I went quiet.

	“Samaria suffered a great disaster.”

	“…”

	“The worst event since Samaria’s founding, when many people died and everything was destroyed, including the palace and homes. It was a long time ago, but that is something the people cannot forget and it continued.”

	Is Samaria about to perish?

	Is he going to say something like they prospered and have managed to recover?

	“Everyone was in despair and when they tried abandoning the country, the King at that time made that tower in hopes of the country’s recovery and hope.”

	“They built such a huge tower despite the disaster?”

	“There were a lot of oppositions voicing out their disbelief, but the King tried to show hope to the people. As a result, that tower turned into hope—-No, it became a target of worship.”

	“…I see, so that’s why it’s called a religious country… Or a country of prayer.”

	“Yes. Through that process, Samaria came to be called the country of prayer.”

	A disaster hundreds of years ago.

	Only one thing comes into mind.

	——-The battle between the Wicked Dragon with the previous hero.

	The death fight that took place was in the country called Samaria. There’s no doubt that the battle of the previous hero who faced the perfect condition dragon head-on will cause enormous damage to the surroundings.

	Once again, I nodded while murmuring, and noticed the tower had stopped ringing.

	“But that wasn’t what the king wanted at the time. The hope that the king was trying to show——-worship, and fright… the one and only existence that was made in the process. It was just that——”

	“Fegnis-san…?”

	He was mumbling to himself rather than talking to me.

	After a while, he realised and came back to his senses.

	“…My apologies. As a knight… my family has a close relationship with that tower, so I’m a little absorbed in it.”

	“It’s alright, I’m glad to have heard an interesting story.”

	“I am happy that you think that way.”

	After that, Fegnis-san walked again and we arrived at the garden without any problems.

	As usual, there are two knights standing at the entrance of the barrier where Eva lives, but when they saw Fegnis-san next to me, they align their legs and stretched their backs straight.

	Fegnis-san stopped and turned around and put his hand in his pocket, taking something out.

	It was a sword that I entrusted when I came to the palace.

	“Usato-sama, I will return what I had in hand when I invited you into the palace.”

	“Ah… Are you sure? It’s just a knife, and if I bring it to where Eva is…”

	“That’s alright. Your fist is stronger than the knife.”

	Well, a knife is only used to cut fruits. Furthermore, it’s unlikely that it’ll be used in battle.

	“It looks like a good weapon, mind me asking where did you get it from?”

	“Eh? Eh- Ah- Uhh… I got it from some villagers in a village I stopped before coming to Samaria… But why would you wanna know that?”

	“I am a swordsman, so it is part of my job to determine the good and bad of a sword. From my perspective, this sword is too beautiful and intricate… Is it made by a dwarf? Nonetheless, it is made with a method that is obviously different from other swords. This might be an ambiguous word, but it’s like an abnormal sword that doesn’t seem to belong to this world.”

	“W-Well who knows? I don’t really understand much because it’s a gift…”

	“…”

	W-Why is he silent?

	I know that it’s not normal because it was a weapon from the previous hero. But I guess the manufacturing method is different from Japanese swords. I’m an amateur, so I’m not sure how awesome this really is.

	While turning away from Fegnis-san’s gaze, I placed the knife on my belt and hide it in the hem of my robe.

	“Thank you for sending me here.”

	“…Don’t worry about it. It’s natural to be polite to our guests. Then, I shall return to my post.”

	Fegnis-san who bowed deeply returned to the palace.

	I was relieved that he didn’t pursuit about the sword, but again it was good that I didn’t tell him about the Wicked Dragon and the previous hero.

	I don’t know why I thought so, but I thought it would’ve been dangerous if I did.

	“…Samaria was attacked by a Wicked Dragon? Should I read the notebook again…?”

	I put my hand on the notebook of the previous hero who’s still tucked in the pocket of the lining of the rescue squad uniform.

	There might be some things relating to the curse of Eva… If it truly is a curse that kills the royal bloodline, the cause might not be the present, but in the past.

	Let’s first look at the possibilities.

	Arms crossed, I walked in the direction of the barrier while thinking—

	“Hm?”

	—-I saw something black crossing at the edge of my vision and stopped.

	A black shadow that is disproportionate to the garden where the sun shines through.

	When I turned to where the shadow was, a blackbird that looked familiar sat on the branch of a tree planted in the garden. It had a slightly amazed gaze—-When the owl meets me, it spread its wings and flew here.

	I slightly raised my right arm so that the owl could easily land.

	The owl, proudly puffing its chest, opens its small beak.

	“Fufufu, Usa—–”

	“Alright, you came at the right time, Neah. Did Ark-san ask you to come? Well, it’s good to do at your own pace. I’ll persuade the knights to let you inside.”

	“Heh?”

	I would like to take my time with our reunion, but I can’t do such things when the knights are watching us. So I put my hand on her head lightly and closed her mouth.

	“Eh? Wai- Listen to the end… Why are you doing this to me after seeing you for the first time in three days?”

	Ah but, she really did come at a really good time.

	If she’s here, I might know more about Eva. Hopefully, I’ll be able to see her dispel magic that I thought was useless in action.

	With her fluttering noise, I began walking towards the border where Eva and Eiri-san are.

	“……Ah.”

	I wasn’t thinking of Eva’s reaction if she saw Neah.

	She’ll definitely be interested since she’s just a kid—-Well, there’s also the problem of not getting into contact even if I ask her not to touch. What to do.





* * *



	Author’s Note:

	Usato’s knife is not made by humans.

	Rather, it’s almost impossible to hit iron in this world to make a sword, because their technology is too different from the one used to make a normal sword.





Chapter 86

	The first thing after reuniting with Neah is to negotiate with the guard.

	Negotiating wasn’t difficult, as I just told them that she’s my familiar, and proving that she means no harm, we were able to get through without any suspicion.

	For some reason, the moment I entered the barrier while putting Neah on my shoulder, Eva was there maintaining the flowerbed.

	Eiri-san isn’t seen anywhere as well, but it’s convenient he isn’t here.

	Seeing that she hasn’t noticed us yet, I kept my voice as low as possible and talked to Neah.

	“Neah, I’ll explain the situation later, but can you look at her and tell me anything abnormal from her?”

	“Huh? Why must I do that?”

	“It’s important. So please.”

	“…I understand.”

	Neah nodded.

	If she’s familiar with magic, she might know something about it. We nodded at each other, then walked up to Eva, who is humming and playing with the flowerbed.

	Eva who noticed my footsteps, looked back and leaned with a smile like a blooming flower, then looked at Neah who was standing on my shoulder.

	“Welcome back Usato-san. That is?… You can’t do that Usato-san? You mustn’t simply pick up animals. Please return it to its original place.”

	I was told off like a mother who gently admonished a child who had picked up a cat.

	This is completely different from what I have imagined

	“Ahaha, how good would that be if I could just return it.”

	“?!”

	Neah turned to me with stern eyes, as if looking at me saying “What did you just say?!”.

	Oi, you’re the one who forcibly followed us in the first place.

	……Well jokes aside, let’s explain who Neah is.

	“This isn’t some owl I just picked up, it’s my familiar.”

	“Familiar? This child?”

	“Yeah, I just got it a while ago, and due to various things, I made a contract with her as a familiar. Because somebody seemed to be too lonely without me, so they came following me.”

	It’s more accurate to say that she’s more attached to me rather than being lonely.

	“That familiar is a monster?”

	“?… Hm, yeah?”

	“Wow… This is my first time seeing a monster. It’s completely different from ordinary birds.”

	Eva with glittery eyes leans over and looks at Neah.

	Whether she was being full of herself, she stretched her round body out with pride. That does make an eagle or a hawk look cool doing that, but this almost egg-shaped Neah looks pretty cute doing that.

	Putting that aside, this is her first time seeing a demon?

	Perhaps it’s unusual for people living in this world…

	Humans and monsters seem so far apart, yet are close to each other. Powerful monsters exist only in dark areas, but normal monsters are intimately involved with humans as familiars like the Foobirds.

	Which means to say, she hasn’t seen one since living here all this time?

	“What is her name?”

	“Her name’s Neah. She’s a little shy, but an obedient child.”

	Though it’s the total opposite of her personality!

	I tried so hard not to show it on my face when I said it.

	“So her name’s Neah-chan?”

	“…Do you want to touch it?”

	“Is that okay?!”

	While being excited, she turned her eyes to Neah while leaning close to her.

	I haven’t said anything about the curse yet, but I’m sure she’d notice if Eva has any changes.

	I spoke with a voice that Eva can’t hear.

	“Neah, I’m counting on you.”

	“Hoot.”

	Neah slams my cheeks as if entrusting it to her, then jumps onto Eva’s shoulders.

	Eva who felt ticklish on her eyes, immediately looks at Neah who was on her shoulder and speaks.

	“It’s a very obedient child.”

	“Hoot.”

	“…Here here.”

	Hm?

	Eva took off her long gloves with soil around, reached out her hands to Neah. Neah who for some reason seems to be nervous, hoots and lightly jump onto her hands.

	Wah, Eva was slightly surprised.

	“So cute…”

	This would be a comfortable situation if I don’t know the true nature of Neah.

	Remembering her usual cheekiness, I can’t help but sigh.

	“Does Neah-chan also want to live here?”

	“I was thinking of getting permission from you or Eiri-san… If you can’t then—”

	“No! It’s completely okay! I’m sure Eiri will allow it! I will allow it!”

	“O-Okay.”

	Are you sure you should say that, princess.

	With a force that does not match her appearance, I can’t help but laugh at Eva.

	Maybe Eiri-san wouldn’t refuse, and Neah can stay here without being suspicious.

	“Oh right. What does she eat? Since it’s a monster, perhaps she’s a carnivore… Neah-chan, do you like some meat?”

	Eva asks Neah with a thoughtful look.

	Neah’s an owl. So even if you talk to her, I don’t think she’s going to give you any—

	“Hoot! Hoot HOOOOOOT!!”

	“Wow, so you do love meat! I understand!”

	——And I take it back. What a selfish prick. Just like a fish reacting to bait.

	Neah moves and flutters her wings as she squeaked a little, maybe she was happy with Eva’s reaction, she turned to glance at me with eyes of mockery before smiling.

	“…”

	“? Usato-san, I suddenly heard some strange cracking sound in your hands… Are you alright?”

	“Hm? Aah-, I’m fine.”

	It seems that I was unconsciously gripping my fist.

	In order to fool her, I released my fist, but when she looked towards Neah again, I raised my hands on my neck, signalling to Neah with a slice on the neck and smiled.

	“Please look forward to today’s meal!”

	“Hoot!”

	“I’ll catch a lot of mice for you Neah-chan!”

	“……Eh, hoot?”

	“Ah wait, or maybe owls eat insects as well? I wonder if I should catch them as well, fortunately, there’s many in the flowerbed…”

	The body of Neah hardened like a stone.

	—–That’s right, owls are bird of preys.

	Wild birds eat nothing but small animals. This is common sense, thus she doesn’t want to feed human food to owls, and thought of other ‘food’ for owls.

	And if this little princess says she’ll do it, she’ll do it. For example, no matter what kind of hand she uses, she’ll definitely catch some mice and insects that serve as Neahs meal…… If she can’t, she’ll just ask Eiri-san or the knights from outside to try and catch some mice.

	However, I do pity her for being fed mice and insects, thus this kind person shall help a familiar and companion out by dispatching a help boat.

	“Eva, this thing eats literally anything, so we can just feed her the same meals as ours.”

	“Eh, is that so?”

	“Even as an owl, it’s still a monster. What they eat might be different from ordinary animals.”

	Her true nature is that of a vampire. She would normally eat fruits during our journey, and even ate human meals when she invited us into the village.

	I turned and sighed at her moisturized eyes, who I had just saved, as I put my arms forward to issue her to come back.

	“Alright, come here.”

	“Hoot.”

	Neah moved from above Eva’s hand to my shoulder.

	…Based on her reaction, it doesn’t seem like there’s anything out of the ordinary, but I guess I should hear about it later. For the time being, I need a place and time to explain the situation to Neah.

	“I’ll go ahead and rest in my room. Can I bring Neah in as well?”

	“Even if it gets dirty, it just needs to be cleaned, so there’s no problem. Does Neah-chan need anything? If so, I can prepare…”

	“Thank you. But she doesn’t need anything for the time being.”

	An actual owl may need a perch, but this one doesn’t need one.

	Entering indoors while waving Eva lightly, at the same time, Neah who was moving to my shoulders, closed her eyes in relief.

	“Hoo-, Who’s that girl?”

	“It’s cause you were letting it all in your head. You reap what you sow.”

	“Who would think of meat as insects or mice?! Wait, that’s wrong. That’s not what I’m trying to say!”

	“What’s wrong?”

	What happened to her arrogance?

	While keeping her voice as quiet as possible, she speaks to me as if not bothered.

	“That girl, her existence is disappearing.”

	“…Huh?”

	It’s about to, disappear?

	It’s not eroding, but disappearing.

	I suddenly stopped, and when I looked at her, who was overwhelmingly lazy, I had no choice but to be puzzled by unspeakable emotions.

	“I came here because Arc asked me to.”

	In my room, Neah who returned to her human form, sat down leaning against the chair said.

	But then, I didn’t know it’s because of Fegnis’s sword that Amako and Neah vanished before I was taken to the palace. A magical tool that exposes Neah’s transformation, I should be careful while she’s here…

	“…What have you done since I went to the palace?”

	“Soon after, the palace guys took us into an inn. We were suspicious at first, but the treatment was like a king, as if genuinely welcoming us.”

	“Just as Lucas-sama had said…”

	I heard from the palace people that they were okay, but I was relieved to hear them saying it instead.

	“That fox… Amako was unusually uneasy?”

	“I see…… But I’m glad y’all are fine.”

	“But it isn’t. Why are you here for three days? It doesn’t seem like you’ve been captured or being trapped in this elaborate magic barrier. And that girl——-… Don’t tell me you’ve got into some sort of situation because of her?”

	“N-No. It’s more like I’m about to get involved…”

	“What?”

	She placed her chin on the back of the chair as I looked away from Neah’s suspicion while explaining how I got to this point.

	I gave the letter easily.

	I was invited as a healing magician for Samaria.

	I decided to live in the palace for a while.

	I met Eva, who is the Princess of Samaria.

	She has some kind of curse.

	Only explaining briefly, Neah exhales a breath of amazement.

	“You really are somebody. It’s nice to be in this country but to even try to help such a girl… Honestly, you’re stupid, stupid stupid.”

	What is this, why is an idiot calling me an idiot, that’s contradicting.

	I restrained the urge to recoil and retaliate, and with my arms crossed, I look at Neah laughing with brilliance.

	“Usato has a tendency to rush himself into trouble. Even during my case, when the zombie pandemic occurred, and I asked you to help, you immediately fell for it.”

	“I didn’t rush in by myself. It’s that all of them had troubles. Also, I don’t want to be hearing from you when you’re the one causing those huge problems. What a huge hypocrite.”

	“Shut up! Stop talking about me, okay!”

	Seriously an arrogant person.

	However, it is the same with Nack and Neah, troubles always seem to find their way towards me.

	Am I destined to be hit by trouble? Or am I trying to get caught up in that kind of thing without realising it myself?

	“Ehem, but you shouldn’t involve yourself in this mess.”

	“…Why? Because you know what’s been eroding her?”

	I think she just said some meaningful words, but does that have any deeper meaning?

	However, Neah raised both hands lightly and exhaled a small sigh.

	“Nope, not a clue…”

	“……Huh? Then why the hell did you act so bloody confident?!”

	“It’s strange if I can tell just by touching her okay!!… Listen here!! That girl isn’t being eroded by curse or something like that, it’s her existence that’s disappearing. Isn’t knowing that enough?”

	I remember the words she said before coming to this room.

	I thought it was just a metaphor, but it’s exactly what she says? No, I don’t understand.

	“…Wait a minute, but isn’t she right here right now. How can she not exist?”

	“Sigh…”

	Neah who heard my question raised both her hands up annoyingly, as if it was a pain, and made a small fist.

	“The soul and the body are based on a strong bond. Without the body, the soul cannot stay in this world. Without the soul, the body cannot move in this world. The exception is that a necromancer like me can break such rules. Having said that, the soul and body can be said to be the most important factors in ‘life’.”

	Neah clenches both hands together.

	Body and soul—–But what does that have to with Eva?

	“But that girl, she has a weird phenomenon that deviates from that rule.”

	“And that’s the reason why her existence has disappeared? But judging from your story, Eva seems to have nothing to do with the curse…”

	I’m getting even more confused.

	What causes such a situation where the existence of a soul and body to disappear?

	“She is abnormal. No, even abnormals aren’t something that can be dismissed in words. The realm of soul and body is a realm that ordinary humans should not interfere with, and that is the field of magic that I deal with.”

	“Magic…”

	“In addition, curses can be transferred to these types of phenomena. What would you think would happen if it moves to us? It’s not that I’m not curious, but I’m not stupid enough to fall into a trap like some stupid idiot.”

	Curse that moves—-Does that mean that the existence of Eva disappearing may also occur to me as well?

	“…Can’t you manage with your dispel magic?”

	“In the first place, it’s doubtful that a curse is being applied by magic. And above all, I can’t use it because I can’t see the techniques being used.”

	So the dispel magic is an even more of a useless magic than I’d imagine. No, I knew somehow before not to expect anything.

	So, we can’t do anything about it… This is different from the time with the Wicked Dragon.

	“Why does Usato want to help that girl?”

	“Eh?”

	Suddenly, Neah asked.

	I was indulged in thinking about the question that I didn’t think of, and I uttered a stunned voice.

	“She is a stranger to you who you’ve met for only three days anyways. Why are you going so far for someone like her? If it’s me, no way? I may have done a familiar contract with you out of my own will, but I don’t you to fail and lose you.”

	The reason why I did it.

	Honestly, there’s no reason why I want to help her.

	However, the answer is simple.

	“I just want to help. That’s the only reason.”

	“Huh? That’s all?”

	“It’s not because I’m from the rescue squad, but I sympathised with her, and I wanted to help.”

	The world is wide.

	Lots of nature spreading, including magic, monsters, people, and demihumans.

	It’s weird to not know about such a world, and knowing you will disappear someday.

	I, who came from another world, thought that it was a ‘good thing’ to be here.

	After the battle with the demon army, and listened to her cries, I truly thanked all the people in the world for meeting me.

	However, her being destined to disappear is just unfair.

	As if I’ll give in to such a weird story.

	Based on my words, Neah dropped her shoulders as if she’s stunned.

	“……Haah~ You’re really a weird and selfish person. I can see why the fox is worried. Even I won’t know what to do if I took my eyes off of you.”

	“Don’t say it like I’m a troubled kid.”

	“Rather, you’re just a kid with horrible traits. To me, it just looks like you love being stuck with weird girls.”

	Can you not say words that are misleading!?

	Remembering the words Amako told me that day, how I’m easily tricked by women.

	“Well, I did become a familiar to such a person, so I’m the same…”

	“…Neah?”

	“I’ll help you for a while. It’s too dangerous for Usato to go alone.”

	Neah words seemed to be shy, but she smiled naturally.

	“Hahaha, thanks. That’s encouraging.”

	She’s not obedient, but she isn’t a bad person.

	Once again, I was relieved that we reunited, as I rest my body on the back door.

	“By the way, why are you leaning against the door all the time? Can’t you just come inside?”

	“Well, I won’t know if Eva would approach if I don’t do this. Basically, I can’t sense that girl, so it’s easy for her to get behind me. Worst of all, I’m resting in my room, and I can feel her eyes at times, which is quite difficult.”

	“What kind of life did Usato have over the past three days!? Aren’t you just being watched by his daughter?”

	Maybe.

	However, even if it is, the scary part is that she doesn’t seem to be aware of it.

	Well, once you get used to it, it really doesn’t bother me.

	As I continued to say, Neah looks pale for a while.

	While laughing, I thought about what to do after this.





Chapter 87

	We had dinner with our new friend, Neah.

	Neah, who lived in a village near Samaria, seemed to know their speciality cake and is hitting me with her small wings while Hooting loudly towards the large amount of cakes.

	However, while she was frightened by the overwhelming cake and being frozen, she pleaded me to stop Eva from trying to add more cake.

	…I’m starting to doubt that whether Neah is even helping me.

	Then, night arrived. At a time when everyone should be asleep, I was relying on a small candle illuminating the notebook about the previous hero.

	“……This is impossible, I can’t read at all.”

	I don’t understand a single word coming from this notebook.

	In order to find the similarities between the Wicked Dragon and the curse of Eva, I tried reading the notebook, but to no progress.

	Even Neah said, “Ain’t all this irrelevant?”

	“Fufu~, Fuhihi…”

	“First of all, why the hell are you occupying my bed?”

	I thought she would sleep in the form of an owl, but——-This girl with black hair is sleeping in her original form.

	Just because I took my eyes off of her for a while, now I can’t even stop her.

	Right now she’s covering her face with her futon with a sly face.

	“Well, it was really helpful that you came.”

	Let’s recap what happened today.

	Instead of sitting down and sleep, I sat relaxing in the chair and reread the notebook.

	“According to what Neah deciphered, there were many casualties before the previous hero defeated the Wicked Dragon.”

	Also, some Samaria citizens were buried in rubble after the end of the battle.

	But it doesn’t have anything to do with the curse, so it doesn’t matter.

	“……Maybe Neah was right, it doesn’t matter.”

	Maybe it’s better off not relating the Wicked Dragon with the curse.

	Let’s ask Neah tomorrow to explain my situation about Eva to Ark-san and Amako. Later, I can ask Eri-san about various things.

	Since I need to depend on Neah about magic, she plays an important role.

	“I wonder if Amako would get angry.”

	Maybe she already is.

	She’s rather scary when she’s angry…… It’s true that people who rarely get angry really are the scariest when they do.

	Let’s see whether she’ll be shocked when she hears my story from Neah.

	Will Ark-san just laugh it off?

	Either way, I have to apologize for making them worry when we meet again.

	“……Sigh~”

	I’m worrying too much.

	I placed the notebook on the desk and covered my eyes with my hand.

	“Time to sleep…”

	My eyelids are getting heavy, and I have to work hard tomorrow morning.

	Lazily, I got up from the chair and pick up my uniform on the chair.

	At the very least, I can sleep laying on the wall—–Thinking so, while moving to the wall, I stopped and looked outside the window.

	“Hm?… That is.”

	I can see someone from outside the window where the moonlight is shining.

	At such a time? Don’t tell me, a ghost? My heartbeat rises up, but after looking closely, it was someone I knew.

	“Eva…?”

	Why? I thought she should’ve been asleep?

	Somehow, she was filled with a sad expression as she sat in front of the pond in the barrier and gazed at the surface of the water.

	……To be honest, I was kinda scared.

	It’s impossible of her to break her only rule of sleeping early and getting up early. Not saying anything to Eri-san and sneaking out at such a time, this can be considered something strange is happening.

	Especially if this is deviating to being manipulated by a ghost.

	Since there’s such a concept as a soul in this world, the existence of a ghost cannot be denied.

	“S-Should I go…? Wa- Wait a minute. Neah… Yeah, I have Neah.”

	Away from the window, I moved to the bed where Neah is asleep.

	Two is better than one. If there’s a strong relation between souls, it might be demons. This is a job for vampires!!

	……I can no longer calm down.

	“Neah, oi, wake up. Get up now.”

	“……Fuhi, Hii……”

	I shook her shoulders and tried waking her up, but she didn’t seem to get up at all, probably because she was sleeping soundly.

	Rather, she wrapped herself in the futon that I hung up this morning and moved to the end of the bed.

	This bas—-

	In the case of movies, it’s a situation where the ghost would attack you first.

	Ghost can’t be beaten because you can’t hit them.

	“…Can’t help. Guess I should go alone…”

	I can’t wake her up at this state.

	Time to make a decision.

	Maybe Eva can’t sleep as well, and she’s just taking a walk outside. I don’t have to be so scared.

	Recalling her actions thus far, it might be a possibility.

	She is Eva Urd Samaria after all.

	I thought about it again and again, I put on my uniform and opened the door.

	“Ah right, I kept the sword attached to my uniform.”

	When I was wearing the uniform, I noticed the small sword that was still attached to the uniform. However, if I were to return back to my room, my determination will likely be shaken, so let’s just continue moving.

	Then again, why on earth is Eva outside at this time?

	Did something happen… Even if I remove the occult, I think it might be a curse, so I’m worried.

	Outside was brighter than expected, thanks to the full moon above my head.

	I got out of the house and slowly walked to the place where Eva was.

	With some tension and fear, I move to a position where I can see the back of the pond—-And I found Eva in the same position as before.

	It doesn’t feel like she’s being controlled or unconscious based on her reflection at the surface of the pond, instead—–

	“…Eva?”

	“Usato-san…”

	——She was crying.

	She was crying while looking at her reflection.

	“……”

	She was stunned when she saw my face, and that turned into a surprised expression. When she noticed the tears on her cheeks, she quickly wiped her tears.

	This is not a small matter if she’s crying alone in such a place. Worried about her, I walk up to her and slowly crouch.

	“Sorry.”

	She spoke with an apologetic manner, with a thin voice and no context.

	Why does she need to apologize? She didn’t do anything wrong.

	“I, I knew that Usato-san was coming.”

	“Eh?”

	She knew?

	That I would be watching?

	“Your room was lighted, right?”

	…I see, so she knew I was awake.

	Looking behind where my room is, the small flickering light from the candles are certainly swaying outside.

	So her apology was knowing that I’ll come outside…

	“So, why cry at such a time?”

	“…That is…”

	She leaned down and sat down slowly on the ground, holding her knees.

	Similarly, I sat down as while so that it was easier to talk, and asked her once more.

	“Did, something sad happened?”

	“Why would I be?… I have my father, Eri, Usato-san, and even Neah-san… The people of the palace are so kind to me. So, I’m actually very fortunate.”

	“Then, why?”

	“That is…”

	When she glanced at me, she opened her mouth after being determined.

	“I had a dream. And it was a very scary dream…”

	“A dream… If it’s a scary dream, then I understand that you feel like crying.”

	It’s a story you often hear about when dreaming. I even had a dream about Rose, where I was asleep doing push-ups in bed.

	Especially those spooky and horrible dreams where you can’t remember what happened in the dream.

	The fear that you don’t know what you fear is very scary.

	“There are a lot of people angry around me.”

	“Angry…… Can you see their faces?”

	“No, all of their faces are blurred, and they’re all angry at me who is in the middle… And that dream continued forever.”

	“That is a scary dream indeed. But, who would be angry at you? You didn’t do anything wrong.”

	Eva’s a good girl, just as Lucas-sama said.

	She doesn’t have characteristics of being resentful and in the first place, I can’t say anything bad about her.

	According to my words, Eva shook her lips.

	I was slightly concerned, but soon she started talking.

	“When I want to forget about such a dream, I would usually spend my time here near my mother. If I’m here, I don’t feel like I’m alone…”

	“So that’s why you’re here…”

	Even if there’s no one, the grave is important to her.

	She really does care about her mother.

	“But today’s dream was different. Though it’s scary, but there were people there who protected me. Many too.”

	“Oh, so there are people protecting you. That’s good.”

	The dream is an unconscious area, so does it mean that something has changed her? In any case, I think it’s good to have someone to protect her.

	“That’s right. What I was surprised was that one of them had the same face as me, but a little taller? I couldn’t see the other people’s faces, but they stood up and protected me.”

	“Same face… as you?”

	“It’s true because I confirmed it here. I don’t think I will make a mistake in my face after seeing it for years!”

	For some reason, she confidently pointed at the surface of the water and smiled as she pointed.

	I see so that’s why she stared at the surface of the pond?

	“Well, nightmares don’t happen so many times in a row. The next time you go to bed, you’ll surely have fun dreams… But don’t quote my word.”

	“Fufufu, that would be nice if it were true……”

	Eva giggles.

	Since she started laughing, is she alright now? I guess I can tag along with her until she starts becoming sleepy.

	Thinking about what we can chat about to kill time, I realised that Eva has stopped smiling.

	“……Usato-san, you’re leaving here soon, right?”

	“Well, that’s right. There’s something I have to do.”

	After a few days, I have to travel to the next country.

	By that time, even if I wanted to help Eva, I would’ve given up after time runs out.

	I want to save her, but there’s an even more important task of handing a letter, and a mission to cure Amako’s mother.

	I can’t break my promise because of that.

	Eva showed a sad expression to my reply and hugged her knees tightly.

	“…I might not be able to meet Usato-san the next time.”

	“Why?”

	“…I’ll be gone soon.”

	By gone…… Does she mean the curse?

	It wasn’t unexpected. But there’s no doubt that she’s not aware of her curse.

	Rather, it’s normal.

	“Perhaps Usato-san has already heard about it. I’m cursed, just like my mother. We will eventually disappear without a trace.”

	Disappear.

	I can’t imagine how much intention was put in those words.

	I could barely give words of comfort for her.

	“There, might be a way to help?”

	“It’s impossible…… I understand the feeling of eventually disappearing more than anyone else. And—-”

	She lets go of her hand that was holding her knees and removes her white long gloves fitted in her right hand.

	During the daytime, the white hand I saw when she let Neah stand—–And nothing was out of the ordinary until she raises her right hand over the moonlight, where I could finally see something strange happening.

	“…This is…”

	“Do you understand now?”

	Her hand is transparent…!?

	When she places her hand to the ground, there was no shadow casting on her right hand.

	Her existence disappearing—-I came to understand the severity of these words that I had vaguely recognised.

	It’s not just an ordinary curse, it’s as horrible as Neah described.

	“Currently, it is only until my right hand. But at the end of it all, my entire body will look like this—-In the end, I will disappear as if I had not existed… This is the kind of curse I’ve been bestowed upon.”

	I can finally see the curse eroding Eva.

	It was much crueller than I had imagined.



	With such a phenomenon happening to her, she acted as if nothing had happened in front of me…

	She must’ve been scared.

	She would’ve been crying.

	But she continued to smile.

	Being speechless, I moved and looked at her.

	Her smile was sad, as she stood up hiding her right arm, and turned her head down to bow deeply.

	“I’m sorry.”

	“…Again, why are you apologising?”

	There is no need for you to apologise.

	She raised her head slightly and explains.

	“I’m really a bad child. Even if I knew it would happen, I was really trying to hold back. I wish I can have a pleasant daily life…… And I tried getting sympathy out of you…… I wanted you to accept my kindness…”

	“Eva…”

	“It’s normal that I should be punished for trying to put my feelings before everyone else.”

	Indeed, I was sympathising.

	I wanted to help.

	I wanted to do something.

	However, isn’t that natural for everyone to think that way?

	“You’re wrong.”

	“I’m not.”

	“You did nothing wrong. It’s natural to be kind to someone. No one should be alone when they’re sad or when they’re suffering.”

	“If so, can you stay here with me? Can you stay here until the moment I disappear? Can I accept that kindness from you?”

	Her eyes overlooking me, her body shaking ever so slightly.

	Honestly, my answer is fixed. There’s too much work to be done to meet her wishes.

	While sitting, I turned my body to Eva and put my hand on her knee, then lowered my head.

	“…I’m sorry, that’s impossible. I have to continue my travels.”

	“…Please raise your head.”

	I raised my head.

	I steeled myself to prepare the reaction that was about to come, but what I saw was Eva bowing deeper than before.

	“Thank you very much. You have answered honestly…… And I shall give up.”

	“………”

	She raised her head and smiled at me. However, it was the smile of a doll, emotionless.

	The alarm rings in the bottom of my heart.

	Was my previous answer so important…?!

	“I know that I shouldn’t keep you here. But when I heard your words, I finally understand.”

	“……Wait, Eva.”

	“It’s alright. I’m sorry for putting you through this.”

	Just as I was about to say something, she turns around and tried to go back indoors.

	I can’t let her go.

	Should I reveal that I’m working to help her?

	However, under the present circumstances where there are no clues to the solution, I might give her unnecessary hope.

	No, I’m just giving excuses, I have to stop her now!

	I stood up in a hurry and reached out to her.

	“Eva!”

	“———-”

	I extended my hand and grabbed her right hand.

	The moment I tried to say something, she looked back with a teary face, and the sword on my waist suddenly began to tremble.

	“What the?!”

	————–UGyoooooooooo!!

	“Ugu?!”

	A familiar and terrifying roar echoes in my head, causing a headache.

	The roar was much larger than in memory.

	Although only for a moment, my headache soon subsided, but I realized the hand that I was holding was strangely cold.

	When I raised my face, she held her head with her left hand like I did.

	“Eva, are you——-”

	“Usato-san… stay……”

	“Stay……?!”

	“——–”

	When I tried using healing magic on her right hand, her head dropped and she loses strength.

	I immediately caught hold of her and lifted her up.

	“What on earth… is going on?!”

	“——Unforgiveable.”

	“Eva?!”

	“Neither you nor the King will be forgiven.”

	It wasn’t her voice.

	I was convinced when I heard the spooky voices coming out of her mouth.

	“So you’re the real curse.”

	“Yes, hero. Why did we have to die? Why were we abandoned? Oh stupid King, who was drowning in power, why have you forsaken us? We would’ve still been alive.”

	“……Is it not listening?”

	“That is why we shall never forget. The anger, fear, despair, hatred. We will curse you for eternity!”

	The person manipulating Eva said, as her body floats up in the air, and slowly descended to the ground.

	However, at that moment—-

	“But, the centuries of suffering have finally come to an end. With the presence of a hero and the king here, we are finally free.”

	“?!”

	——Something half-transparent jumped out from her body and flew to the ground.





Chapter 88

	Eva’s body had translucent chains wrapped around her body, which appeared from the ground.

	The chains were screaming and wailing in a spooky tone.

	“Why must it be skeletons out of all things…”

	“Aah…… Aaaah!!”

	The skeletons were connected to the chains. The lower half of the body is missing, and the body and head are covered with iron collars, which makes a rattling noise.

	As if making fun of me, it opened its mouth and rattled its teeth, but it ain’t that scary.

	“And why are there so many of you……!”

	What’s more, they are multiplying like crazy from beneath the ground, around Eva’s body.

	There’s approximately 20…? Some have their heads sticking out of the ground, but they don’t seem to be coming out any further.

	“Give up that body of yours and be captivated by us. Oh brothers, arise, be released, and feast.”

	“They’re coming!”

	The skeletons floating around Eva rush towards me.

	Forming a stance, I thought, will I be able to even inflict damage to them?

	“Let’s punch and find out!!”

	It’s the same situation with the Wicked Dragon.

	We won’t know until I try to punch the other person.

	I protrude a fist into one of the skeletons that rushed in first, and it was a direct hit into the skull.

	[Aa————-Kihi kyaha.]

	“Hm…”

	Receiving a direct hit from my first, its forehead shattered—–However, it soon laughed which was annoying to my ears, and immediately wrapped in pale flame and returned to its original state.

	So physical attack has no effect.

	It continued trying to bite me with its large mouth as I avoided the skeleton.

	The speed is decent, but the strength is weak, however it can repair itself.

	Around Eva is a skeleton that is linked to chains like a serpentine coil, and several of them are holding her quietly to refrain from me closing in on her.

	While being gazed at by the hollow skull, I felt a chill and knocked down the attacking skeleton with the sword.

	“Come on, think, think brain……”

	How can I save her from the skeleton and chains?

	Is it alright to just remove them? Or should I try waking her up?

	However, it seems like her consciousness has been taken over by that curse, so how am I supposed to wake her up?

	“Danger?!”

	I avoided the skeleton that tried to bite my arms by rolling down.

	What are they in the first place?

	My instincts tell me they’re from the curse. What’s more, they hate the king—-probably referring to the Samaria royalty and the previous hero.

	“Wait just a minute, you’ve mistaken me for the previous hero. The previous hero is a god of plague!!”

	At the same time as I turned my upper body backwards, I kicked the skeleton’s torso that had passed over my head, then somersaulted as is. While doing that, the other skeletons attacked all at once.

	They didn’t feel a thing.

	The healing punch didn’t have any effect, but so does physical attack and healing magic. Even after breaking them, they’ll just repair and attack again immediately.

	Even for me, I can’t stall for long.

	“If you don’t die in one punch—-Then I’ll just have to break you into pieces!”

	The other party is curse——So it doesn’t matter if I go serious like that time with the Wicked Dragon.

	In addition, they’re eating Eva’s body, no time to think.

	I stopped avoiding it, jumped forward with the force of stepping through the stone pavement in the garden, and grasped the two skeleton heads like an eagle.

	“A- Aah…”

	“Aah… o… uch.”

	“Eat my… master’s specialty!”

	I grab the heads of the skeleton and hit it against the stone pavement.

	The skeleton scatters into particles with the sound of plates breaking.

	Secret technique, Rose’s Iron Claw… No, I don’t think I’m at her level yet. But as a result of adding my own arrangements, it became such a technique.

	“O… Ooooh.”

	“I’m coming for you next!!”

	I continue grabbing the skeletons coming from the sides by swinging my arms around, and let momentum strike by plunging them to trees that are planted nearby.

	The skeleton shatters.

	Although the two skeletons from before seem to be gradually regenerating, they’re taking much longer than before.

	“Shah… aah!”

	“Oops.”

	I continued crushing the three attacking skeletons in the same fashion.

	It’s easy now I found a way to deal with them.

	“Alright, with this pace… hm?”

	While crushing them, I looked at the remaining skeletons as my next target, but they’re just floating around me.

	Am I being surrounded? No, this is… The hostility I felt earlier diminished, and there’s a different emotion filled.

	“Are they scared?”

	I hesitate to say it, but when they heard me, they stopped moving as well.

	……Are they really feeling fear?

	“Well, it doesn’t matter either way. Since you’re the ones attacking me without any hesitations, and I know you’re not the kind of guy who can speak.”

	If you don’t come over, I’ll go there instead.

	I continued destroying the skeletons around Eva——-

	“……Wait a minute.”

	The skeleton lurking around Eva isn’t there?

	Did I count wrongly? No, I’ve grasped the numbers during the battle.

	Did it disappear……? Is it because I’ve defeated so many of them that it can no longer exist? However, the skeletons I crushed just before are slowly regenerating.

	A few of the skeletons that were generated by the curse have disappeared——-It’s a trivial matter, but it can’t be ignored.

	It’s possible that they might fly out and attack the people in the palace.

	Considering that possibility, the moment I tried to rescue Eva, a white arm suddenly appeared from the ground and grabbed my leg.

	“———-!?”

	“A… haha…”

	It was two skeletons that appeared.

	They grabbed my legs firmly with their thin arms and began to laugh.

	Damnit! I didn’t think they could attack through the ground from this distance. I knew that the curse was coming out of Eva’s feet, and I wasn’t paying attention.

	Shit! By immobilizing me, the other skeletons floating around started swarming in…!!

	“This isn’t a surprise attack so much as it is a matter of skill……! But this much ain’t enough to catch me!”

	I stomp the hands that were holding my leg and remove the restraint.

	However, the other skeleton that caught my arm while I was distracted, bite my arm.

	A pressure-like pain runs from above my uniform.

	——Help……

	——-Hero-sama……

	——-It, it hurts……

	“W- Wowow!!”

	It’s the same headache as before……?!

	Voices are flowing into my head… No way, was their aim to bite me from the get go?

	This headache is making me lose my power to shake off the skeleton. The others who had been waiting were entwined around my body all at once, biting vigorously.

	Several images and voices are forcibly projected to my head, making my view divided, and the voices jumbled up.

	“Ughh… Leave…”

	The bites weren’t even that powerful.

	Rather, it’s the scenes that I’ve never seen before are running through my head——Which are making me nauseous.

	“This is bad……”

	The first attack—-

	Mentally weakened me.

	The fighting style from before…… Couldn’t win.

	“Now what trouble did you get yourself into this time?! Seriously, always giving me trouble!!”

	A bell-ringing voice came from above me, which was blinded by the moonlight.

	Something stood on my shoulder.

	The next moment, a purple pattern I was familiar with ran through my body.

	“Iiii?!”

	“Hiaa?!”

	The pattern spread throughout my body flung away the clinging skeletons.

	At the same time, the headache disappeared as if it never happened.

	Shaking my head from side to side, I stood up and looked at the owl on my shoulder—–And thanked her.

	“Ugh, haah, haah… Thanks, for saving… me… Neah.”

	“Why is this happening the moment I take my eyes off of you?! What kinda curse have you activated?!”

	I want to know as well.

	With her wings flapping around, I pointed to Eva and laughed bitterly as I explained the situation, before breathing a sigh of relief.

	It would’ve been the end for me if she didn’t come…

	“I wanna explain right now, but at the moment——”

	“Aaaahhhhhh!!”

	“Uuuuaaaa!!”

	We have to fight them.

	Staring at the both of us, the skeleton screamed with its chains and teeths rattling even stronger than before, seemingly even angrier.

	I wonder if the reason the Skeleton flew away from my body is due to Neah’s dispel?

	“I see, so that’s it.”

	“Did you find a solution? Mind telling me immediately!!”

	While striking a large amount of skeletons with my fist, I desperately pleaded to Neah who was quietly thinking on my shoulder. What’s more, why are you not moving while I’m punching around like crazy…?!

	“Usato, it’s easy to deal with this. I just need to put my magic that I used on Usato into that girl.”

	“…It’s just that easy?!”

	“Yeah, and those crappy corpses she summoned is using that girl as a medium. If we nullify her, we’re done.”

	“Meaning those skeletons will disappear if you pull her intermediary from the curse?”

	“That’s right! So you do understand!”

	Why am I being praised now?

	I wonder if I looked stupid to her.

	Right now isn’t the time to think about it. Once again, I’m glad she’s here with me.

	“But, it’s your job to provide magic.”

	“So you’re not doing it?!…… But I can’t use magic.”

	“I know that obviously. But you’re with me now, so that’s a different story. Usato, raise your hand.”

	After distancing myself from the skeletons, I raised my hands as she told me.

	Then, magical purple patterns were transmitted to my body from Neah’s small body, and it gathered in both my hands through my arm.

	“This is…”

	“I’ve activated magic and let it flow on my body. You just need to shake your fist without thinking. With this “Restraint Magic”, you should be able to nullify the crappy skeletons for a short time.”

	“Did I just strike the devils’ luck…!!”

	I gripped my hand into a fist and gaze at the skeleton in front of me.

	With the power of restraint magic, I can drill a hole into them and seal their regenerative power.

	“But at the moment you strike them with magic, I’ll have to supply the magic I’m applying to you again. At that moment, you’ll be defenseless.”

	“…Don’t worry about me. It’s not an intolerable pain.”

	“Not hesitating is what makes you unreasonable… Well, let’s go then! It’s my first attempt, but I plan on succeeding!”

	“Aah!!”

	In response to her encouragement, we jumped out in the direction of Eva.

	The skeletons floating became a wall—–I drove my left fist that was greatly squeezed into the face of one of the skeletons.

	“Hah!!”

	A few skeletons were blown away, and crumbled to the ground, losing the curse’s effect.

	The magic was consumed with that last blow, but Neah soon replenished the magic.

	Somehow, this is, yeah.

	If I combine it with my healing punch. I’ll be able to perform some amazing techniques that combine restraint and healing…

	“Uwah, you’re disgusting.”

	“Concentrate on your magic!! The next phase is coming!”

	I thought it was ruthless, but I didn’t say it out loud.



	While aiming at Eva and advancing in a straight line, I continued punching the skeletons like flies. After approaching Eva, I spoke to Neah who continues to supply magic.

	“Neah, get ready!!”

	“I know!”

	Neah answered, but Eva’s appearance is closing in.

	The skeleton that is supplying the magic would be moving, so let’s quickly release her from the curse.

	Readying my left fist without any restraint magic, I blocked vision from Eva’s eyes and feet, and at the same time grabbed her left hand.

	“Now!!”

	“Let’s go, Dispel!!”

	At the same time Neah activates her magic, the magic covering my body has disappeared——–Eh? Why?

	Wondering the odd behaviour from Neah, but the skeleton that was approaching from behind caught up and bit me, forcing me to interrupt my thoughts.

	“Kuh, Gu… Neah.”

	“Set the target as “Curse”!! With countermeasure, we can defeat it! With this——-”

	Suffering from a headache, the magic flows from her into Eva’s head.

	After covering Eva’s whole body, the skeletons around me disappeared to the ground as if they were dragged away.

	“……Eva!”

	Since the skeletons have disappeared, she was released and falls forward.

	I hugged her and laid her on the ground, noticing her anomaly.

	“Her hair’s blue… Neah, this is…”

	Eva’s pure white hair has changed from the pale white to a refreshing blue.

	And the magic that Neah applied is still hanging.

	What’s going on…

	Being confused by the sight, hoppity hop, Neah jumped off my shoulder and looked at Eva’s face.

	“Maybe I stripped the guys who were sucking on this girl’s existence… Maybe.”

	“But why the drastic change……”

	“Her hair was originally blue.”

	So the curse made her hair pure white?

	Does that mean she is free from the curse?

	“Is she alright now?”

