	The strange existence of Magic Arts…

	I wonder what influence it will have on us. Feeling uneasy, Amako and I both exited the library and resumed our search for the Necromancer.


◊ ◊ ◊

	A bit of time passed after Usato-dono and Amako-dono had infiltrated the mansion.

	The villagers and I would gather the zombies in front of the mansion, and I would cast my fire magic at the center to defeat them.

	Fortunately, everything was proceeding smoothly and no one was hurt as we acted as a diversion.

	“……Strange.”

	It was proceeding so smoothly that it made me uneasy. The zombies were moving exactly like we predicted.

	I felt a sense of insecurity overcome me, as something didn’t seem right.

	“I should give it a try……”

	I enveloped my sword in flames and cut down the attacking zombies. Looking at my surroundings, the villagers with farming tools were pushing the zombies back while the ones with swords were swinging at their limbs.

	Most of the zombies couldn’t move by now but… Zombies were still coming out. The village head sighed in relief and wiped the sweat off his forehead. Then he called out to me,

	“As expected, Ark-dono.”

	“No, I wouldn’t be able to do anything alone. It’s thanks to everyone else that I can swing my sword to my heart’s content.”

	Thanks to the villagers, I didn’t have to worry about my rear and could focus on fighting the zombies in front of me.

	As a result, even someone as unskillful as me could take care of the enemy and protect these villagers.

	“……I hope Usato-dono will be successful.”

	“If it’s him, he will be fine.”

	“……You have a lot of faith in him.”

	“Of course, we’re comrades.”

	We have fought on the same battlefield and on the same side. I knew he was someone who is tough and wouldn’t yield, no matter who the opponent is.

	For someone like him, I didn’t think he would lose to something like a Necromancer in the slightest.

	However, I should go support them soon. If Usato-dono isn’t able to find the Necromancer, the two of them will really stand out inside the mansion at some point. I would need to save both of them.

	I decided to inform the village head of my intentions,

	“After we defeat the zombies here, we’ll be entering the mansion. I suspect there will be zombies inside as well.”

	“……———“

	“……Hello?”

	I was puzzled, as there was no response, so I turned around… At that instant, the village head swung his sword down at my wrist, knocking my sword away.

	“………!! The vill— Everyone!? What are you———!?”

	I was shocked at the sudden attack and retreated a few steps on reflex. But this time, the villagers that were fighting alongside me are now restraining me.

	“Guh…… Kuh, what’s the meaning of this!? Betrayal…… No, that’s not it. This is…”

	The village head didn’t respond to me and his eyes looked empty. He was also restraining me with a tremendous amount of strength, something an aged person like him shouldn’t have.

	The other villagers holding me in place were similar.

	“They’re being controlled…!!”

	The villagers didn’t set me up.

	The person who was controlling the villagers had set up a trap.

	In that case, the moment we entered the village, we—

	“……This isn’t good, Usato-dono!!”

	I had to warn Usato-dono and Amako-dono who were still inside the mansion.

	Just as I was about to shout, the controlled villagers forced me on my knees.

	“Kuh…”

	“Just like I expected, this is interesting.”

	The voice came from behind.



	I tried to turn my head and look behind me but I was held in place. My entire body froze once I heard the person’s footsteps coming from behind me.

	I also noticed that the surrounding zombies slightly trembled and looked at the approaching figure like— Yes, it looked like they were servants awaiting for their master’s orders……

	And it could also control living humans… I only knew one monster capable of doing so.

	“So, that’s it…!! You, you… You’re the Necromancer!! And———“

	“Kukuku… How smart. I feel like I’ll be able to have plenty of nice conversations with you.”

	One of the villagers forcefully strangled my neck, as if it didn’t want me to say any more.

	“……”

	“But the ‘Main Event’ isn’t you today.”

	The ‘person’ drew closer to me and sank their fangs into my neck.

	The next moment, my body lost its strength and my consciousness gradually faded…

	“Guh, ah… Gah.”

	I’ll probably be given a suggestion in a short moment. If ‘she’ is who I think she is, I’ll be her servant the next time I wake up.

	However, I couldn’t resist anymore.

	“Usato-dono… Amako-dono…… I’m sorry. I… If only I noticed it sooner…”

	The villagers restraining me had loosened their grip and I fell on the ground.

	In the moment that I still held a shred of conscious, I—

	I was able to see the girl’s appearance, her eyes—now red, like the color of blood—and her gruesome smile.





* * *



	Author: Up until now, it’s been something like a prologue for Arc 3.

	From here on out, the real story begins.

	If you look back at her actions up until this point, they were really suspicious, weren’t they?

	Magic Arts were introduced but due to their high degree of difficulty, no characters that can use it will make an appearance this time around. Additionally, it’s not very user-friendly compared to the normal way of using magic.





Chapters 70

	After exiting the library, we decided to search through the other rooms again.

	Although it couldn’t be called a thorough search, we were visiting each room with Amako’s foresight. With this method, we could quickly check if anyone was in the room. Ark-san and the villagers were also on my mind, so we couldn’t waste time by checking through each room in detail.

	When we reached the third floor, we found ourselves in a spacious room. Amako paused and her body slightly shook.

	Did she find it!?

	Or so I thought… But the Necromancer was nowhere to be found.

	“Usato, the room we were in…”

	“Hm?”

	“…No, it’s nothing.”

	Was there something about that spacious room just now?

	I checked the room again, just in case. Nothing looked out of place, except for the fact that it was a really large room.

	Amako looked slightly worried, so I started to think carefully about our situation.

	It was possible that the Necromancer had already run away. I don’t know how they noticed us… They might’ve started to make their escape from the lighted room as soon as we infiltrated.

	But it was still too soon to assume that they had already escaped…

	“This is…”

	We were back on the first floor.

	Did this door lead to the basement? I looked to Amako for an answer.

	“It’s dark, I can’t see anything. There’s no source of light anywhere in the room.”

	“…Is it storage for food or something? Well, we’ll know once we open it.”

	I twisted the doorknob and pulled to open the door.

	The moment it opened… a cloud of dust and a bizarre smell came from the other side. This smell was… The first thing that came to mind was it was similar to an animal or a beast like Bluerin. However, there was also something moldy mixed in as well.

	“Cough… What is this… Did they keep animals here or something? Amako, you alright?”

	“I’m fine, it does smell a bit though…”

	Amako held her nose using her sleeve and her gaze fell on the other side of the door.

	It was indeed pitch black. I couldn’t tell how big the room was either.

	For the time being, I guess I should take a step inside and take a look.

	The door wasn’t fully open due to the dust earlier. I opened it all the way and took a peek inside.

	I couldn’t see anything even when I squinted my eyes.

	However—

	“It feels like there’s something big here.”

	I wasn’t too sure how to express it. I just felt a presence here of some sort. I couldn’t see anything but I was sure of it.

	Oh, right. Isn’t Amako here? Aren’t her eyes better than mine in the dark?

	“Amako, look ahead. Ah, I mean normally. Not with your foresight.”

	Amako nodded and looked at the darkness in front of me.

	I only felt something vague, but how about Amako?

	I’m guessing there’s some sort of large antique here. That would explain this moldy smell.

	As I was immersing myself in my thoughts, Amako’s body visibly shook and she began to fall…

	“Heyyy!?”

	I grabbed her by the collar in a panic. Amako plopped onto the floor, her strength exhausted.

	Just what are you doing? It’s not like you at all.

	As I was about to voice my thoughts, she suddenly hugged my arm.

	Is hugging people the popular thing to do today? My sarcastic thought came to a halt when I noticed Amako was quivering.

	“Amako, what’s… No, what did you see?”

	“……”

	It must’ve been very startling. Amako leaned her head against my arm in silence.

	It was enough to frighten her this much. I should confirm it myself, right? It might be something that could harm the villagers after all.

	If I went back into the room with books, I could take the light and use it to navigate past this door. Just as I got up, Amako squeezed my arm even harder, preventing me from moving.

	It seemed like she saw what I intended to do with her magic… Her eyes were desperately telling me to stop.

	“Usato… Don’t… Go.”

	“I mean, I’ll have to investigate it either way…”

	“Our eyes… Met.”

	……With whom?

	Or maybe with ‘what’.

	“That’s not a living thing. It’s something much more dreadful. I thought I had seen many things in my life already… but this is my first time seeing something so repulsive. That’s why, you shouldn’t… Go.”

	“…I got it.”

	Seeing Amako pleading me with her eyes, I reluctantly agreed.

	I could probably quickly check the basement but there’s no way I could leave her alone right now.

	I gently closed the door and faced Amako.

	“It’s fine now… Let’s search somewhere else.”

	“……”

	This was a failure on my part.

	Even if I didn’t know, I made her look at something gut-wrenching. Amako’s personality is like an adult’s but she is still only a 14 year old girl. Certain things will scare her, appropriate for her age.

	I felt disgusted at my own carelessness and stood up. Amako finally calmed down as well. She looked apologetic once she separated from me and said,

	“Sorry, for saying something so selfish.”

	“I don’t mind. I’m not such a narrow-minded human that would get angry over something like this.”

	“……Even though you get mad over small things all the time.”

	That’s because you’re always saying something cheeky.

	Amako pouted in dissatisfaction and I awkwardly smiled.

	Afterwards, we continued our search for the Necromancer.

	“There are almost no more rooms left to search. After we finish searching through most of them, let’s meet up with Ark-san.”

	Just where is the Necromancer?

	No, did the Necromancer even live here in the first place? But I’m at least positive that someone is living here.

	I don’t think the villagers are lying to us about a Necromancer controlling the zombies…

	Seriously, there are just too many things I don’t understand.

	As I continued walking, feeling defeated, I noticed it.

	“……Huh?”

	“What’s wrong?”

	“Did the noises from outside disappear?”

	Before I knew it, Ark-san and the villagers couldn’t be heard anymore. Even if I couldn’t hear their voices, there should be some kind of noise as they were battling and acting as a diversion. It was strange.

	Did they already handle all the zombies or… I didn’t want to think of this possibility… but perhaps they were the ones who were defeated.

	It looked like Amako’s thoughts aligned with mine as her expression became rigid.

	“Change of plans. We’ll meet up with Ark-san right now!”

	“Yeah!”

	We started jogging towards the front entrance.

	Searching for the Necromancer was important but the safety of the villagers takes priority!

	We arrived at the front door and I grabbed the knob, cracking the door open—

	But through the slight opening, a hand that looked like a withered branch came through and tried to grab me. I could see an entire horde of zombies on the other side trying to make their way in…

	“Tsk……”

	An ambush!?

	I grabbed Amako by the collar and lifted her up, as her response would be too slow. At the same time, I delivered a kick to the abdomen of a zombie that had come through the door. Although I wasn’t able to use a lot of strength in my kick, the zombie flew back and knocked several zombies down. Using this chance, I tucked Amako under my arm and ran.

	The groans of zombies echoed throughout the mansion as I ran.

	I don’t know where they were hiding but—

	“Amako, this’ll be a bit bumpy!”

	“Hah!?”

	We should get out of here first.

	I held Amako under my armpit, dodging zombies attacking from left and right, and made my way up the stairs.

	Fortunately, there weren’t many zombies lurking upstairs. I kept going and arrived on the third floor.

	Without pausing, I headed for the spacious room. Upon seeing the door leading to the room, I immediately kicked it, smashing it open. It was an extremely expensive-looking door, but I had no choice under these circumstances.

	The room was no different than before and there was no sign of zombies either.

	“We’ve been driven into a corner… Usato.”

	This was the third floor; there was no place to run.

	I could hear zombies slowly making their way up. Even if we turned around, we would just be trapped.

	“Hah—“

	“What should we do? Should I try using my magic to find a spot with fewer zombies and break through?”

	“That’s not necessary. Instead, there’s a simpler way.”

	Just from how these zombies have been positioned, I felt like the person controlling these zombies was purposefully leading me to the third floor with no escape routes.

	But there’s no way I would feel timid from a height like this.

	Who do you think taught me? Shortly after I learned to use magic, I was thrown off a cliff by a savage brute.

	“Kukuku, don’t think you can corner me just because we’re on the third floor…”

	“…Wait a minute.”

	When I abruptly opened the large window, Amako’s voice quavered.

	…Pfft, you’re really a girl after all. Being scared of heights, how cute. If it was Inukami-senpai, she would have already fainted. However, we couldn’t avoid this… give it up.

	Obviously, I couldn’t hold her under my armpit and land like this. I placed one hand on Amako’s back and the other one under her knees. I lifted her up, and moved a few steps back from the window.

	“Don’t worry. I will absolutely not let go of you.”

	“Even if you phrase it cool like that, I still don’t want to.”

	“Let’s go! Amako!! Careful not to bite your tongue!”

	“Listen to me…”

	I vigorously ran towards the open window and jumped off the third floor.

	Amako screamed soundlessly.



	There were no zombies below us and I was able to land safely. My legs felt a little numb, due to the fact that I was carrying an extra person.

	I think we were about 15 meters up?

	“Fuuh… Escape… Success.”

	I started applying healing magic on the spot to Amako, who was still in my arms. I also made sure to keep an eye on my surroundings for any potential threat.

	But there were no zombies anywhere outside the mansion.

	“The zombies seem to all be inside the mansion right now. We should search for the others. Can you stand?”

	“S-scary… S-scaryyy…”

	“………You poor thing.”

	She must’ve been really scared of those zombies. Yeah, no helping it.

	I set down Amako, who was still in shock, and the two of us walked on the path leading to the village.

	But as we did, I noticed a person’s figure on the ground.

	They looked strangely familiar.

	Once I got closer, I was able to confirm it was someone we knew.

	“Ark-san!”

	There was a bit of blood flowing down from his neck. There was no sign of movement from him.

	Is he asleep or dead?

	“Are you okay!?”

	I used healing magic on him, but even after fully recovering his wounds, he didn’t wake up.

	He’s muttering and groaning… is he having a nightmare? I healed him already but I remember there were two small holes on his neck. It looked like something had drilled or pierced through his skin.

	It’s possible that Ark-san was like this because of that.

	Just what happened to him? And where are the villagers?

	“It’s possible that the villagers had run away. And then Ark-san took on everything alone…”

	“……”

	Although I made an unpleasant face due to Amako’s words, I couldn’t deny them.

	Ran away, huh.

	The most likely scenario was Ark-san telling the other villagers to run away while he fought by himself. The zombies don’t pose much of a threat alone. In that case, a powerful enemy must have appeared and was outside of our expectations.

	However, this is—

	“……!”

	When my thoughts reached there, I heard a rustle from a bush. A zombie!? Or so I thought, but what appeared was— The villagers that I thought had already ran away.

	When Amako saw the villagers, she quickly hid behind me and pulled up her hood. In order to have a better grasp of the current situation, I called out to the village Chief.

	“Are you alright!?”

	“Y-yeah… Leaving that aside, Ark-dono is…”

	“I’ve cured his injuries but I’m still not sure why he’s like this. What happened here?”

	Once I said that, the villagers’ expressions turned grim.

	Summing up what the village Chief told me, the villagers were attacked from behind by another monster while fighting the zombies. That monster was exceedingly strong… their weapons apparently couldn’t even damage it.

	Ark-san wanted to prioritize the safety of the villagers. He told everyone to run away and fought against the monster alone…

	“……”

	Is that really the truth?

	Ark-san was a person entrusted with the duty of guarding the castle’s entrance in Lyngle.

	He was someone who took pride in being able to protect others. If someone like him fought seriously, he should have been able to protect these villagers. But just taking a look at my surroundings, there were no signs of battle at all. It’s unnatural… especially if you take into consideration that Ark-san was capable of using his flaming sword.

	There was also that wound on his neck. If he was bitten by that ‘strong’ monster, then it would have been from behind. I find it hard to believe he would allow a monster to easily sneak up on him like that.

	“……You can leave the rest up to us. Please go ahead of us and return to the village first. I will carry Ark-san.”

	“U-Usato-dono you are…”

	“We still haven’t found the Necromancer yet. Also, the monster that attacked Ark-san might still be around somewhere. It’s possible that the monster might head towards the village… That’s why you should all head back first.”

	The villagers panicked.

	Are they afraid of the monster attacking their village? Or did they not expect me to do this? I don’t know.

	…Right now, I should find a place in the forest and hide Ark-san so that no one knows where he is. I can entrust Amako to look after him. If the Necromancer isn’t here, I’ll have to go through with my original plan of destroying the limbs of every zombie so they can’t do anything to the villagers…

	I’m very reluctant to do so, but sometimes I’m just left with no choice.

	“Well then, you should all hurry back to the village so your families know you’re safe.”

	“………”

	“Hm?”

	There was no response.

	Thinking that it was strange, I turned around.

	However, my arms and legs were suddenly restrained by something.

	“…………”

	My body couldn’t move?

	It was more accurate to say that… I couldn’t move anything below my neck.

	When I looked down, there were bright violet patterns all over my body. I could see the patterns flowing to my arms and legs… It looked like they were binding me.

	What’s this?

	Just when did these appear…?

	“Usato! What’s wrong!?”

	Noticing something abnormal was happening, Amako drew closer to me.

	But for some reason, the nearby villagers started to attack her. Amako used her foresight to dodge the villagers’ hands but she still looked astonished.

	“These people aren’t conscious!”

	“What? They’re being controlled!?”

	I thought the Necromancer could only control the dead.

	But weren’t the villagers still alive…?

	“Fufufu…”

	“!!”

	It was a laugh that didn’t come from any of the villagers.

	The voice came from the mansion— The open window on the third floor. It was as if they were there since the beginning… They sat by the window and looked down at us in ridicule.

	At this moment, the clouds covering the moon had disappeared and the moonlight illuminated the entire mansion. In addition, I was able to vividly see the appearance of the figure sitting by the window.

	They had hair that was long enough to reach their shoulders.

	However, it wasn’t the brown hair I was used to seeing on her… It was repainted to jet black. Her eye color had completely changed to a bright, bewitching red.

	“Neah… San…?”

	“Yesss, Usato-san.”

	She was wearing the same clothes and acted no different than before… Seeing her like that, I couldn’t hide my confusion.




◊ ◊ ◊

	“………Why are you……”

	“Can’t you tell just by looking?”

	Neah-san, who was still sitting, replied.

	She appeared from the mansion where the Necromancer is supposed to be. Although I didn’t want to admit it, she is the culprit behind this… or at least one of the people involved.

	“Did you do this to Ark-san…?”

	“Fufufu, that’s right. But it seems like you’re calmer than I expected. I thought you would be more flustered…”

	I actually want to panic more… But my body is being restricted and I can’t move.

	This situation is bad. If these villagers aren’t conscious, it means the girl in front of me might be controlling them.

	The villagers’ eyes looked dreadfully hollow…

	I looked at Amako who was beside me and muttered,

	“……Amako, run away.”

	“But Usato…”

	“Don’t make me repeat myself! Hurry up and get away from here!! Ark-san and I can’t move! Look at this situation, you’re the only one who can do something right now!”

	“……I got it!!”

	It seems like she understood. Her hesitation disappeared and she started running towards the village.

	The villagers didn’t move.

	I turned my attention to Neah-san, who was pleasantly smiling.

	I questioned her,

	“Are you sure you don’t want to chase after her?”

	“Hm, it’ll be fine to catch her later. I’m also interested in the offspring of beastkin but their senses are a little too sharp.”

	I see, Neah-san… No, Neah didn’t know about Amako’s magic.

	I’m glad I decided to keep it a secret. If Neah had more interest in Amako, it would have been more dangerous.

	“So, just what did you do to me?”

	“All I did was immobilize your body. It would be difficult to restrain you with just the zombies and villagers, you see.”

	She sounded proud and something appeared from her hand… There was a pattern glowing on her palm, similar to the one binding me.

	“This is a binding technique. It takes a very, very long time to build up this much binding strength. But the more time you invest, the stronger it will be. It was really difficult! I almost reached my limit before giving up because of how annoying it was… It took 6 hours! Well, I’m sure you can’t understand what I’m saying.”

	Neah blew on her hand to erase her technique and jumped off from the window. Black wings sprouted from her back and she gently descended to the ground.

	At this point, I was well aware that she wasn’t normal.

	Nevertheless, this binding technique… I’m guessing it’s some kind of Magic Art. Before arriving here, she hugged me. That was probably when she planted it on me.

	I thought it was strange that she hugged me there but…

	“I see, this is a Magic Art. Just like I heard, it seems like it’s quite hard to learn.”

	“……Why do you know about that?”

	………

	“Well there was a Magic Arts book in one of the rooms. There was light coming from that room too, so I figured it must be important…”

	“……You’re kidding, I forgot to turn it off?”

	“Eh?”

	“It’s nothing. I guess I don’t need to explain then. That’s right, I’m a monster that uses Magic Arts.”

	She’s stubborn and evasive, isn’t she?

	But—

	“To think that you were a monster, huh.”

	I thought she was just a normal village girl. I couldn’t hide the fact that I was shocked that she’s a monster.

	No, even seeing her up close like this right now… She looked just like a normal human being.

	Neah enjoyed how confused I looked and gave a lovely smile. She pointed at herself and said,

	“There are monsters that look just like humans, you know? Although there aren’t many of them.”

	“Then, you are the… Necromancer?”

	“You’re half right. After all, there’s no way a normal necromancer could control living humans, right?”

	She has a point.

	But the book that Rose gave me to read didn’t mention anything about a monster that could control living people.

	“I’m half a necromancer, and half a different type of monster.”

	“Hahaha, what’s with that? Don’t tell me you’re actually a vampire that bites people on the neck.”

	“……”

	“…Sorry.”

	Seeing Neah’s face stiffen, I ended up apologizing.

	I really didn’t think she was actually a vampire. It’s a rare monster, that’s probably why the book didn’t have any information on it.

	A half necromancer and half vampire. I see, if the vampires in this world were similar to the fictional ones in mine, then Neah can probably control people after biting them. She could give them superhuman strength as well through blood or maybe she’s using some kind of alteration magic…

	For the time being, it’s clear that she has the power to control other people.

	“Fufufu… You really are a strange human. Despite being restricted like this, it doesn’t look like you’re afraid of me at all…”

	“You don’t need to compliment me so much, I’m not that great of a human.”

	As for anything concerning ‘fear’, I have a lot of resistance against that. I lived under the same roof with a much more terrifying existence.

	But it seemed like there was something strange in my words as Neah let out a ‘pfft’ and started laughing.

	“You’re not that great of a human? That’s not the case at all. I mean, you can defeat my servants with just your physical ability alone. That’s already beyond extraordinary. In addition, you resisted my ‘Charm’. You’re really just too much.”

	“……Charm?”

	“Attraction or captivation. It’s one of my powers as a vampire. Most humans would be all over me and act deredere, but… Just what kind of mental resistance do you have? I’m fairly certain there’s no way a human could normally endure it.”

	You’re saying it’s all because of your power that caused my heart to beat faster when you hugged me?

	Actually, didn’t you only hug me so you could plant this binding technique on me?

	…………… I won’t forgive you.

	“Hey, why do you look angry all of a sudden…? Shouldn’t you have been mad earlier when you found out you were betrayed?”

	Of course I would be, you played with my naïve and simple feelings.

	At any rate, Neah had set up this play. She manipulated the zombies and acted from the very start.

	“……What do you intend to do with me?”

	“I’ll have you talk with me.”

	“Talk? With you?”

	Eh? She didn’t want to suck my blood or treat me as a source of food? She just wanted to talk with me?

	……No, there’s no way she would go through the trouble of setting this all up if she only wanted to talk with me. She must have a different goal in mind.

	Neah drew closer with her hands behind her, until she was at arms’ length. She smiled and then looked directly at me.

	“I told you, right? I desire knowledge. Not the kind of knowledge you find on paper… I want people’s memories and the life they experienced on their travels. But not anyone’s memories will do. I want to know more about you. I want to know what kind of life you’ve lived so far, what kind of trials you’ve overcome, and all the details as to how you’ve come to obtain such abnormal power……”

	“There’s no guarantee I’ll tell you anything.”

	“You will talk. If I give you the command to talk, you will have to obey.”

	Her lips parted from her smile and revealed her fangs.

	If I get bitten like Ark-san, will I be controlled? In that case, were all these villagers bitten?

	“Wait, since when have you begun to do this?”

	“Hmm, I guess roughly 200 years ago? That seems to be around the time I started acting as a village girl…”

	“……Then, Tetra-san…”

	“Tetra? Ah, I’m actually more like a foster parent to that child. All the villagers are being controlled by me so all their memories and feelings are something I made up on my own whim. That’s why when I said I had no parents, that was a lie. Tetra being my foster parent is also a complete lie, of course. I imprinted a memory on that child so she thinks I’m actually her daughter.”

	“……”

	I was dumbfounded at Neah bluntly speaking such careless words.

	200 years… it would explain the set of armors in the mansion. During this time, no one realized what was going on… No, they did realize it but their memory was wiped. It was also possible they were made into servants. She has repeated this process countless times… This is the truth behind the rumor that Ark-san had told me.

	This was already beyond the level of madness.

	But I knew that my words wouldn’t get through to her. I decided to stall for some time instead.

	“……I got it. I’ll talk with you.”

	“Huh? I can just effortlessly control you, it’s not a big deal. But I guess that’s fine too.”

	If it’s just talking, I didn’t mind.

	But not right now.

	“Would it be too much to ask for you to wait until our journey is over?”

	“Hm?”

	“We have an important mission entrusted to us. I told you about it before… it concerns the future of this entire continent. That’s why, wait until then. If you would like, you can make some sort of contract for me to sign with your Magic Arts. I’ll come and meet you again.”

	Of course, I’ll come back with the intention of trampling you under my foot.

	I’ll get the feared Great Demon King Rose and the scary bunch to pay you a visit.

	But it seemed she interpreted my words differently, as her reaction was much different than what I expected.

	Neah held her cheeks together and went ‘Kya!’ in excitement.

	She was also blushing for some reason.

	“It’s the first time anyone has made such a bold confession to me.”

	“It’s not a confession!!”

	Confessing while being restrained like this, am I supposed to be some kind of perverted masochist!?

	Neah chuckled in response and proceeded to talk,

	“But I won’t allow it. I can’t wait that long. I want to know what’s inside your head as soon as possible.”

	“……There’s a crisis approaching this continent.”

	“I’m a monster, anything related to the Demon King doesn’t affect me.”

	“No matter what?”

	“No matter what~”

	This girl…

	“I’ll beat you up, little girl.”

	“Eh?”

	“Hm, nothing at all.”

	I smiled and pretended I didn’t say anything unusual. Fortunately, she only thought she misheard what I said.

	In any case, it doesn’t look like she any intention of releasing me.

	“……If you choose to tell me everything I want to know, you might be released sooner. Ah, of course I’ll know if you’re lying right away. All I have to do is suck some of your blood.”

	“I’ll obediently comply… How much do you want to know before releasing me?”

	“Yeah, until I lose interest, I guess?”

	If I was a normal person, I would gladly accept this proposal. But I was a human summoned from another world.

	I must absolutely not talk about that. She treats the unknown like some sort of treasure. If I talked about another world to her, I might end up as her captive for life.

	I must avoid that at all costs…

	“…What are my other options?”

	“What’s the matter? You’ll be released faster if you tell me everything yourself.”

	“……”

	“Seems like you can’t answer.”

	My coat was grabbed and I was pulled forward.

	Neah’s curious gaze locked onto mine. She wasn’t using her Charm but I couldn’t look away from her.

	“Fufu, once I get the information you want to ‘hide’ out of you, I’ll return your sanity. Then we’ll have a nice chat over some tea.”

	A few seconds. A few minutes. I didn’t know how long, but it felt like a lot of time passed as we kept staring at each other.

	All of a sudden, Neah gave an enchanting smile and grabbed my shoulders with her hands.

	It was similar to those stories I’ve read before, when a vampire is about to suck blood from a human—

	“There’s no way I’m going along with this…!!”

	I mustered all my strength and gathered it in my right arm.

	I felt a surge of pain running through my arm like lightning.

	But I immediately used healing magic to heal it and continued to struggle. I continued this cycle of instantaneous destruction and restoration… I could see that the patterns around my arm were gradually growing dull. I felt like I would break through soon…

	I can do it———!

	It’s not like I could freely move yet but… I moved my arm to protect my neck.

	Her fangs sank into my hand. Other than the fact that I was bleeding, I was fine. It seemed like she could only control humans she bit on the neck.

	“Eufhh!? Whufhhy!?”

	“I won’t let you bite me that easily! I’m not tasty either!!”

	“Kuh……”

	Neah withdrew her mouth from my hand and took a few steps back.

	I didn’t think I could just use my brute strength to break through Magic Arts. But it looks like I can do it if I try. I started to do the same to my other limbs, until they could finally move.

	“As expected, my trained and tempered body won’t betray me……!!”

	“You just used your strength…? No way!?”

	Neah looked at me in amazement as blood dripped from her mouth. Using this chance, I ran towards Ark-san who was lying on the ground.

	I should make my escape for now, I can’t wait here to be rescued. I still felt the restriction from the bind but it shouldn’t pose too much of a problem for just running away.

	“There’s no way I’ll let you get away!! Capture him!!”

	While I was running to Ark-san, Neah commanded the villagers. The villagers clung onto my body from every direction but I kept advancing… Since my body didn’t move as I liked right now, fighting back wasn’t an option.

	This is something I’m used to… I would carry several injured soldiers all the time, since I’m part of the Rescue Squad. This is nothing.

	But it might be difficult if any more weight is added…

	While I complained inwardly, Ark-san got up.

	“Ark-san!! You’ve finally woken up!! Help me out… a… bit…”

	“………”

	“Ah, are you perhaps being controlled?”

	As a reply, I got tackled.

	This is bad, this is baddd!! If Ark-san is in Neah’s hands, there’s no way I could run away from here. No, even without that, I don’t think there’s much I can do in this situation.

	““Gugyah!!””

	“Geh…”

	Even worse, the zombies from the mansion had started to assemble.

	It looks like this is really the end, there’s no way I can handle that many zombies.

	It felt like all hope was lost and just when I was about to give up—

	“GURUOOOOOOOH!!”

	A ferocious growl from a beast resounded throughout the surroundings.

	Neah didn’t understand what was going on but I knew what this growl signaled.

	“It looks like you’ve finally brought help…”

	Ark-san and I couldn’t do anything right now, so there was only one other guy who had enough strength to do something. Amako understood that and called for him.

	I could hear him rapidly approaching.

	In that case, there was only one thing for me to do.

	“Bluerin!! Do it right here, including me———!!”

	“Guruaaaaaaaaaah!!”

	The beast that appeared with a powerful growl had blue fur… it was the Blue Grizzly, Bluerin. Riding on top of his back was Amako.

	Bluerin seemed to have heard my voice and continued running towards me without losing any speed… He then rammed right into the villagers.

	Due to Bluerin’s strong ramming attack, the villagers, Ark-san, and I were all blown away— But before I landed on the ground, Bluerin had already moved and cushioned my fall.

	Amako helped me up and I thanked the two of them,

	“As expected of my partner. You too, Amako… Thank you.”

	“Guah.”

	‘Naturally’ was what Bluerin seemed to convey while looking content.

	“Leaving that aside, we should hurry and get away from here.”

	“But……”

	Ark-san— Just as I was about to say that, I stopped.

	We couldn’t save Ark-san right now. Perhaps Amako knew that and tried her best to not mention it.

	We couldn’t save you right now but… We’ll save you no matter what.

	I got onto Bluerin’s back and proclaimed to Neah who was overcome with surprise,

	“I’ll come retrieve my comrade tomorrow night… I’ll leave Ark-san in your hands until then, Neah.”

	Neah glared at me after I spoke and Bluerin ran in the opposite direction of the mansion.

	A Necromancer that is causing a village to decline…

	That’s just what it looks like on the outside. It’s just a façade created by a monster who wants to satisfy its lust for knowledge.

	A mix of a necromancer and vampire, it’s a formidable opponent— One that we have no choice but to fight.





* * *



	Author: It’s a Magic Art capable of sealing the body’s movements.

	It’s actually quite a powerful technique.

	But Neah only spent 6 hours of weaving magic power to bind Usato. It’s normally not something you can just break with physical strength alone.





Chapters 71

	After escaping from Neah, we hid in a nearby forest.

	We needed some time to think of countermeasures against Neah. We couldn’t exactly go to the village unprepared…

	Even if I have my Healing Punch, I don’t like the idea of having to attack the villagers that did nothing wrong. I’ll try my best to not hurt them.

	I was affected by Neah’s binding technique as well.

	I couldn’t move my body the way I wanted… it made me realize again just how absurdly powerful this bind is.

	I had overused my magic to forcefully break out of it.

	I wouldn’t be able to save Ark-san right now, I need to let my body properly rest before confronting Neah…


◊ ◊ ◊

	“It’s morning, huh.”

	Right as I woke up, the first thing I caught sight of was Bluerin’s slovenly, drooling face.

	I felt like I was leaning on something soft too… When I looked back, I realized I was using Bluerin’s back as a pillow.

	I was about to instinctively push Bluerin’s face away, but upon remembering last night’s events, I stopped. I used my hand to pet Bluerin on the head instead.

	“Thanks. I was saved because of you.”

	“Gufuuh.”

	Bluerin growled in delight.

	It seems like he likes my left hand’s touch… Wait, my left hand?

	“I can move it.”

	Looking closely, the patterns on my body have completely disappeared.

	I guess they vanish after a period of time? I had imagined that since it was Magic Arts, it would have a permanent effect on me. Fortunately, that doesn’t seem to be the case.

	I stood up and checked my body’s condition. There was nothing unusual. In fact, I felt pretty good.

	“I think my body feels sturdier than before. Hahaha, I didn’t think that Neah’s Magic Art would help me with my training…”

	I couldn’t help but think that it was a good thing that I was subjected to Neah’s binding magic…

	But I’m not a masochist.

	That reminds me, where’s Amako? She should have been in the forest with us, don’t tell me she went to the village on her own?

	No, she was someone who had plenty of experience for long journeys. More than me by far, at the very least.

	With that in consideration, I should just wait for her. I decided to sit back down next to Bluerin.

	After 10 or so minutes of waiting, Amako appeared from a bush. There were some leaves stuck on her hair, but she didn’t look injured. I sighed in relief and walked towards her.

	“You’re awake… How’s your body?”

	“You don’t need to worry about that. I’m full of energy.”

	I wound up my arm as I replied to Amako. She looked relieved, just like I did. She then presented a wrapped up bundle.

	Inside, there were a bunch of fruits… and they closely resembled apples. She handed one to me.

	“I thought you might be a little hungry…”

	“Thank you…!”

	The fruit should be fine, since Amako was the one who brought them. She worked at a fruit store, but more importantly, she had an abundance of survival knowledge.

	Shortly after giving my gratitude, I accepted the fruit. I wiped the fruit with my coat and then took a bite.

	The fruit’s sweet and sour taste spread all over my mouth.

	Yeah, it’s good.

	When Amako heard me softly mutter that, she took a fruit and bit into it as well.

	“…It looks like you’re fine after eating it. It should be safe for me to eat too.”

	“You… I can’t believe you treated me as a food taster for poison so naturally.”

	This is the result of me spoiling her with too much kindness.

	Even if I could cure it with healing magic, things that harm me will still be painful.

	While I complained in my mind, Amako placed a fruit by Bluerin and sat down next to me.

	“How do you plan on saving Ark-san?”

	“The enemies aren’t the zombies or the villagers being controlled. The problem is that monster’s powers and her Magic Arts.”

	A half necromancer and half vampire.

	It was an unexpected twist.

	She continued to act as a village girl for the past 200 years. Her words filled with tears and her expression when she gave her thanks… they were all lies. That should be obvious to me now, since that’s what she was aiming for from the start. But I still feel shocked.

	I still didn’t know her personal strength and combat capabilities.

	The only things I knew at the moment were…

	Her ability to manipulate the dead as a necromancer.

	Her vampire powers, which allow her to control the living as long as she bites them on the neck. She could also use her Charm, just by locking eyes with someone.

	Lastly, she also had her Magic Arts.

	“Honestly speaking, it took a lot of effort on my part to break out of that bind. Bluerin would… probably be okay, just barely. Neah might aim for you instead.”

	“…I’ll be careful.”

	“Yeah. It seems like there’s some of kind condition that needs to be met for that Magic Art to activate. She didn’t say it herself but I suspect that… She has to come into contact with the target herself first.”

	Otherwise, she didn’t need to go out of her way to hug me. I’m certain she marked me back then. If that’s the case, I just needed to be cautious.

	In other words, don’t let her touch me.

	At my perfect condition, I could definitely do it even if I were surrounded by zombies and villagers.

	But it was possible that she possessed other Magic Arts as well. Since she has been living for at least 200 years, she should have one more.

	“I don’t know what other Magic Art she has. But I won’t be able to save Ark-san if I get cold feet. Also, he’s—“

	“Being controlled, right? He might be an enemy as well.”

	“……Yeah.”

	Neah was definitely controlling Ark-san.

	I had to take this seriously and use everything I have to confront him.

	…Wait a moment. Ark-san was already bitten and under Neah’s control. Was making Ark-san fight the only thing she could do…?

	No, it wasn’t that simple. Neah probably searched through his memories by now, which means…

	“This is bad…”

	“Eh?”

	“Our identities have been exposed…”

	My identity as a human who was summoned from another world.

	Amako, a beastkin who could use a rare and special magic that could predict the future.

	I can’t imagine what she would do now that she knows. I only know that there’s no way she would give up on us now.

	“Haah…”

	If I only gave Neah the impression as a healer who had a lot of physical strength, she might’ve still underestimated me. However, she’ll probably be using everything she has to capture us now.

	How can this possibly get any more troublesome?

	“Well, whatever will be, will be.”

	I took another fruit and bit it.

	All I can do now is rest and maintain my body’s good condition.

	…Oh yeah, I have a book that I got from the mansion.

	I used my right hand to pull out the worn out book from my coat’s pocket while holding onto the fruit with my other hand.

	Amako tilted her head to the side in question once she saw the book.

	“What’s that?”

	“Something about the previous Hero… I think.”

	I didn’t thoroughly look through the book’s contents, so I wasn’t sure if this book was genuine.

	There’s still plenty of time until night.

	Although I didn’t want to think pessimistically, I might not be able to read this book ever again after today. I should read a bit of it.

	Without much thought, I started flipping through the pages.


◊ ◊ ◊

	Before I start writing about ‘him’, there’s something I need to say. He personally doesn’t like it when someone writes about him.

	He would prefer not to have his own achievements documented.

	For him, his achievements are reminders of the many lives he’s taken.

	As he was someone who survived through many battles and stood on a mountain of corpses, he felt a pain beyond our imagination when he was praised for his achievements.

	But I wish to pass this knowledge on to future generations. For the bystanders who misunderstood him and didn’t see his true appearance, I humbly desire for them to sympathize with him as well.

	He was alone.

	Whether it was friends or people who understood him, there was no one.

	His hometown and family was nowhere to be found.

	He walked on his dark path alone, leaving many corpses in his trail, until his hands were completely dyed with blood.

	He was what the humans and sub-humans would call a hero.

	But I want whoever is reading this to understand one thing.

	A hero doesn’t exist anywhere. It’s an image people just made up because it was convenient. No matter how much strength he possessed, he was still only human.

	As for what I’ll be writing, it’s a story about one human. It’s a record of our ‘sin’, a form of atonement for the distant future.


◊ ◊ ◊

	“There seems to be some special circumstances…”

	After reading that far, I took a breather.

	What in the world is this? There was too much darkness surrounding the Hero.

	I started reading more out of boredom, and it was consistent with the narrative in the beginning. It was carefully describing the Hero’s emotions and what was happening.

	I don’t know what kind of person wrote this but they were definitely someone who was close to the previous Hero.

	“They fought against the Demon King before but I think the demons are completely different than before.”

	At the very least, that’s what I read. It describes the Demon King Army, in a much more vulgar way than I know them.

	They used the magic energy of the captured humans to fuel their magic, brainwashed them, and sold them like slaves… At any rate, all I knew was that the current Demon King Army was only trying to take over Lyngle. Although, they did give us a surprise attack…

	Yikes, it’s written here that the Demon King devised a plan and caused one of the human countries to become a traitor. A country, not a village… Is the Demon King really the same person as the one written here? Their methods feel really different…

	The person called the Hero found out about this scheme and defeated them all.

	But there was no joy or anything from the narrator. They were simply writing down what happened. It felt a bit like the history books I’ve read.

	“Looks like he had a lot to deal with…”

	Well, I’m living in the present now. Even If I know the situation back then, the only thing I can do is give my sympathy.

	Even so…

	“It looks like the non-humans idolized the Hero.”

	“It seems so. I don’t know that much but my hometown does hate humans. However, I’ve never heard them saying they hate the Hero.”

	After hearing Amako’s words, I turned my attention back to the book.

	I don’t know if this book talks about what the Hero did for the non-humans. But if they idolized him, it must have been a pretty big deal.

	“……Hm?”

	There was a small memo inserted between the pages.

	When I turned to that page, there was a drawing and characters that I couldn’t read. The characters are a little blurred but an expert could probably carefully examine this to find out what it says.

	“A crocodile? A lizard? No, it has wings too.”

	It looked like it was spitting flames from its mouth. The wings on its back looked sharp as well.

	It wasn’t a really good drawing… But it gave me this weird and indescribable feeling.

	As for the memo that was inserted here, I’m guessing Neah put it here. Perhaps she figured out what the characters are. I opened the memo…


◊ ◊ ◊

	With one breath, everything was disintegrated.

	When its claw swung down, the earth split.

	When its tail moved, a mountain would be leveled.

	That monster, which went down the path of evil, was known as the Wicked Dragon. When that thing went past a forest, it would corrode all the vegetation and greedily devour every single living thing. When it went past a country, all the water would be polluted and the people living there would be all killed without any reason.

	However, he was able to defeat that monster.

	The battle took place in Samariel. The Wicked Dragon suddenly made its appearance there one day, causing destruction and saturating its surroundings with poison.

	For all the events I’ve written involving him so far, he has been using his magic to deal with everything. He was blessed with an unparalleled magic, but that held no meaning against the Wicked Dragon’s thick and powerful scales.

	The battle continued for three days and three nights.

	During that time, even I couldn’t personally witness it. But I was able to see the moment when he delivered the final blow to the Wicked Dragon.

	He purposely plunged inside the dragon’s mouth where there were no scales. He concentrated all his power into his short sword and pierced through its bowels and heart, ending its life. No, if I had to borrow his words, he sealed it.

	According to him, he couldn’t kill that monster right now.

	Knowing that the Wicked Dragon’s soul still existed, it felt strangely ominous to stare at its dead body.

	For someone like him who has ended the life of countless demons and monsters, it was very peculiar that he couldn’t kill the Wicked Dragon. He was only able to seal it away, which I found difficult to accept.

	When I looked at the Wicked Dragon’s corpse that was standing among the rubble, I harbored a certain fear…

	It wasn’t that he couldn’t kill it, but rather he didn’t want to kill it…? I had a foolish doubt like that…

	When I voiced my doubt, he said nothing.

	As for what his silence meant, I did not know.


◊ ◊ ◊

	The Wicked Dragon.

	Well, that certainly does appear often in Fantasy genres. But I’ll pass on having one appear in front of me. If what’s written in this book is the truth, then it’s definitely not an enemy I could take on. It’s possible that, even with Senpai and Kazuki, we might not win.

	Thinking of it like that, the previous Hero was really extraordinary.

	……The previous Hero was a super cheat. Yeah, there are probably novels with settings like that out there.

	“Why was Neah studying something like this?”

	I didn’t know her that well but this was one of the things that I couldn’t comprehend at all.

	Or maybe she was just reading this on a whim.

	Well, I guess it doesn’t matter.

	“Usato.”

	“What is it?”

	Amako suddenly called me.

	I closed the open book and turned my attention to her, who looked a bit anxious.

	“Do you remember that large room from the mansion yesterday night?”

	“Aah, yeah. What about it?”

	It was the third-story room we jumped out of.

	“At that time, I thought I had seen that room before… It looked like the one I saw in my dreams…”

	“That’s…”

	Amako was the only capable of seeing the future and today I was uneasy about whether or not we could save Ark-san… Which is why I didn’t think or notice anything peculiar about that room.

	“I might’ve just been imagining it. The room wasn’t so clean in my vision, as there was rubble everywhere… Also my dream was really vague too…”

	So that’s why she looked surprised for a second back then.

	We were searching for the Necromancer back then, maybe she was being considerate and didn’t want me to worry?

	She is really an awkward girl who pays attention to weird things.

	But if the place she saw was that large room, it means the person in the mansion is the one who gets on their knees in front of me.

	“In other words, Neah is the one who will stab me…”

	“Probably…”

	It’s decided. I’m going to deliver a Healing Punch to that little girl the moment we meet and incapacitate her.

	Once I found my resolve, Amako hung her head down a little and spoke.

	“I know you have healing magic so I don’t need to be worried but… She can use Magic Arts, so if you happened to get cursed…”

	“……”

	Cursed, huh.

	That didn’t occur to me at all.

	I can understand why Amako would feel worried. I easily fell into Neah’s trap yesterday, after all.

	But if I’m feeling afraid before doing anything, I won’t be able to advance. I think it’s important to take some time to think as well but Ark-san is being held captive at the moment. No matter what, we’ll have to save him either way.

	I smiled at Amako and tried to lift her spirits,

	“There’s no way I would lose to something like a curse, yeah? I was able to break out of her bind with just my physical strength somehow. You don’t need to worry.”

	“……I’m aware that you’re some kind of superhuman, an eccentric person who wouldn’t be considered human in most cases and able to look calm on the surface under any circumstances… But you’re still more or less human… I’m worried.”

	“Alright, maybe you should be worried about me for a bit longer.”

	This little… She actually looked genuinely worried as she said that.

	I gave a big sigh and leaned against Bluerin who was still sleeping.

	“You’re too restricted to that vision of yours.”

	“……But there’s no way it would be wrong.”

	It’s because there’s no way it would be wrong.

	What you saw will certainly occur in the future. However, you were only seeing that from your side. In the end, it was a subjective view.

	It’s not like I’m denying what Amako is saying, it’s a little different.

	“When you saw blood drip down from me, you didn’t directly see it, right? It’s possible that it isn’t my blood. It could be the blood of the person trying to stab me.”

	That person was leaning on the wall and sitting before. Also, I was covering what was happening due to my height and body build.

	“In short, there’s lots of outcomes even when you’ve seen the future with your vision.”

	“Lots…?”

	“First of all, there’s no way I wouldn’t be able to avoid an injured person stabbing me with their knife. Even if I were about to be stabbed, I’m confident I can immediately destroy the attack.”

	I’ll be able to see it coming, that’s why I’ll be able to easily dodge it.

	I didn’t directly state I would be able to fracture the knife with my bare hands since I wasn’t sure. But with my current motion perception, it shouldn’t be a problem. I could heal my wounds and fatigue with healing magic and react to surprise punches from Rose. If I dedicate everything to my vision, I should be able to cope with anything.

	“But even you could be stabbed, Usato.”

	“Let see. That’s certainly possible. But you’re saying ‘could’, not ‘definitely’. That means there’s hope, don’t you think?”

	“Uh… That’s… you’re being unreasonable.”

	The sulky Amako couldn’t help but let out a little smile.

	I can honestly understand why Amako is worried.

	There’s no way I would feel good if I’m the only one who could see what would happen in the future.

	In her words, it’s not necessarily true that I always see the future I desire. And there’s nothing I can do. That sense of helplessness is torture.

	When Amako was in Lyngle, she spent every day like that.

	However, she isn’t alone anymore.

	“Believe in me. I’ll believe in you.”

	“…Is it really okay?”

	“Of course.”

	I felt a little regret, since I said something really embarrassing. But I did my best to not show it and nodded to Amako.

	Even if they were my real feelings, saying it out loud was embarrassing.

	“…In that case, I’ll believe in you… a little more, I guess.”

	I felt satisfaction at Amako’s reply.

	She abruptly stood up and looked at me with a serious expression. She proceeded to say,

	“About saving Ark-san… ‘That’…Let’s do it.”

	“That?”

	“…Despite how you said it yourself, you don’t remember?”

	I felt like Amako’s trust in me suddenly dropped.

	As she stared at me with cold eyes, I folded my arms and started to think.

	What could ‘that’ be referring to? When we were rushing to save Ark-san, did we devise some kind of plan?

	“……Diversionary tactics?”

	“Wrong…… I… I… With Usato…”

	Amako’s cheeks blushed red and she muttered incoherently.

	Me and you— Once my thoughts reached there, I finally understood what she was trying to say.

	In other words, Amako was saying we should do the Combination that I spoke of.

	“I see, ‘that’. At that time, I was only saying that as a joke but……”

	“T-that was a joke…?”

	Gaan.

	Amako received a shocking disappointment.

	When I said it back then, it was certainly a joke. I thought about it carefully later on and I did think it might be our best option right now. However, it was essential to take into consideration what Amako wanted to do so I didn’t say anything.

	“No, it’s different now. Last night I thought ‘that’ might be a decent strategy. Of course, that’s only if you’re okay with it.”

	“I want to save Ark-san. Moreover, I believe in you. That’s why I’ve decided to do it.”

	“I see.”

	Then there’s no problem.

	If we combine, we’ll get Neah in no time at all. We’ll have Bluerin this time as well. I’ll have him mow down a lot of things.

	We would carry it out at night. The only other thing was Neah knowing about our real identities. I’m worried.


◊ ◊ ◊

	“Yeah… Huh? Where did I put it…?”

	I rummaged through the mountain of books in the library and tilted my head to the side in confusion.

	When I realized that Usato and Amako came to the library yesterday, I checked to make sure that nothing was missing. After going through everything, I realized that the diary I had only one copy of was missing.

	I temporarily fainted when I was working on the binding technique to use on Usato yesterday and forgot to turn the lights off when I left. I knew I was too careless but I didn’t think something this troublesome would happen.

	I lifted my face from the mountain of books and noticed my hair was disheveled. I decided to give up searching for the diary.

	“It’s one of the few documents left about the Hero… Don’t tell me they took it? Normally, humans would just think it’s some dirty notebook. Ah, geez. I still wanted to read it some more…”

	I folded my arms and sat down on the old, familiar chair.

	I began to think.

	I wonder why Usato, or perhaps Amako, would take that diary?

	“Out of curiosity? That guy? He didn’t take the Magic Arts book that could have a lot of value if you sell it. He took the diary which may or may not have historical value?”

	Or perhaps the book really caught his interest.

	The humans were an existence that admired the Hero.

	He was a heroic figure who was able to take on the Demon King that was currently waging war on Lyngle. I’ve heard that there’s a country that blindly worshiped the Hero but I don’t think it was Lyngle.

	“He doesn’t seem like the type to admire the Hero. In fact, I don’t think he would have any interest at all… There was a possibility if it was Amako. She’s a beast-kin, there’s no telling what she’s thinking.”

	In either case, it didn’t change the fact that they took it with them.

	Fortunately, I had a source of information that could tell me why they would take the diary about the Hero.

	I leaned against my chair and shifted my attention to ‘him’ behind me.

	“Hey, what do you think? Ark-saaan.”

	“……”

	I called out to Ark-san, who was standing idly with vacant eyes, by the library’s door. He was under my control and would tell me anything I wanted.

	His birth place, experiences, relationships with friends, anything was possible.

	In reality, I would prefer to talk to Ark-san while he was fully conscious. However, I observed him for the past two days and came to the conclusion that he was the type of man to never betray his friends.

	He was popular with humans but his type was really annoying for monsters like me.

	“Why do you think Usato is interested in the Hero’s records?”

	I used my suggestion as I asked the question.

	He replied in a monotonous voice,

	“There’s a link between Usato-dono and the Hero.”

	“…………… Hah?”

	I sprung up from my chair and ended up knocking a pile of books nearby.

	A link with the Hero? What’s with that? That sounds like something very interesting.

	Don’t tell me it’s something disappointing like him receiving a similar nickname to the Hero. I asked if he was sure, as my voice shivered in excitement.

	He nodded.

	“Tell me in greater detail!…… Ah! Actually, not now. Tell me about Amako first.”

	I’ll hear about Amako before Usato. That piece of information was strong enough to stimulate me, even after 200 years.

	I’ll listen to what he has to say about the unusual beast-kin first.

	“Amako-dono is a beast-kin and—“

	“I know that already. Leave that out.”

	“She… Came to Lyngle in order to save her Mother back in her country.”

	“Fuuhn, her Mother, huh.”

	My mother, that’s already a memory from a long time ago.

	Once the humans realized my mother was a necromancer, they killed her. My father who was a vampire ended up just the same.

	With that being said, I don’t have a grudge against the humans. If I had to say it, the humans are the bad ones since they always take revenge.

	Leaving that aside, she traveled all the way to Lyngle?

	I thought she was someone amazing, but I guess that’s it.

	“The magic she uses is…”

	“Perception magic, right? You can leave that out too—“

	“No, that was just the lie we used to deceive everyone.”

	“Eh, I thought I was doing pretty well. You didn’t trust me to that extent?”

	Although I was playing the deceiving game too.

	I didn’t feel like they saw through me but don’t tell me they were already on their guard from that point?

	“Well then, what is Amako’s magic?”

	“She can see the future. She uses her magic to foresee it.”

	“……”

	You’re kidding. Even I didn’t know how to react and remained silent.

	This magic was a very scarce type of magic among the beast-kin. The ones that possess it are considered very precious in their own country. The beast-kin tribe right now should have a Princess of Prophecies, known to read the flow of time.

	A human connected with the Hero, and the Princess of Prophecies?

	What’s with this combination? This isn’t normal.

	I looked at Ark and asked while trying to suppress my trembling,

	“Your group, no… What is Usato? Human?”

	“Usato-dono is———“

	Someone that was summoned from another world like the Hero, a human.

	When Ark’s words came out, I couldn’t comprehend them for a moment.

	But after a few seconds, something surfaced from my mind.

	‘Hero Summoning.’

	The method of obtaining a Hero. Using teleportation magic to call someone from another world with suitable qualities into this world. No, it wasn’t magic… it was more like a ritual under these circumstances.

	And that was what carried out here.

	“Ahah.”

	Another world. Another world, another world, another world.

	What a wonderful unknown. I finally knew the reason why Usato was being stubborn and didn’t want to talk.

	I didn’t need to confirm it, this was the ‘correct’ answer.

	If I knew about this, I would absolutely not let go of him.

	I would probably tie him up like some treasure.

	I have lived here for 300 years and there was another world beyond my imagination out there.

	At first, I was just doing this for some entertainment. I thought I found a human that could help me kill some time.

	But after our first meeting, I changed my mind. I was interested to know more about him.

	And now, I’ve changed my mind again. I feel a great sense of attachment to him.

	“Tell me more about that.”

	“……Yes.”

	He was summoned along with two Heroes in Lyngle.

	He was put into the organization known as the Rescue Squad and received severe training.

	The Blue Grizzly monster with him isn’t a familiar. He follows him around with a relationship of pure trust.

	During the recent battle against the Demon King, he was able to save many people.

	Finally, he was the one to defeat one of the Demon King Army’s generals.

	The more I hear, the more I want him.

	Just the fact that he was a person from another world was enough to pique my interest but his activity in this world made me curious as well. The surprising thing was it hasn’t even been a year since he arrived and he was able to accomplish all this.

	“I’ll definitelyyyy capture you. Ah, but using the zombies and villagers don’t seem to work. Ark-san, does Usato use some kind of special magic?”

	“Usato-dono’s weapon is simply just his physical ability. He only uses healing magic on his body. Among all the people I know, the only one that surpasses his physical ability is the person who taught him.”

	“Waah, how frightening!~”

	When I saw him smash apart a zombie’s legs during his infiltration, I was honestly stunned.

	It didn’t even take long for him to take care of the zombie. One zombie is usually enough to hold down a normal human in one second.

	I could spend a lot of time to create binding technique again but it might end up like last time.

	What if I tried fighting him myself? No way, that’s impossible.

	My Magic Arts weren’t suited for combat and I definitely couldn’t contest against that superhuman strength of his.

	“…That’s right. I could just use that.”

	There was one thing in this mansion that was from my father’s ‘collection’.

	It was what got me interested in the Hero’s records.

	I couldn’t suppress my excitement and quickly rushed down to the 1st floor, where the entrance to the basement was. I arrived at the door, which gave an eerie feeling, but I opened it without hesitation.

	“I didn’t think I would make use of it but I have no choice. There’s a monster out there I need to catch.”

	As I talked to myself, I jumped all the way down.

	I looked up and there was a small crack near the ceiling, allowing a bit of sunlight to pass through.

	I laughed.

	If a zombie, a human, and a monster like me won’t work…

	Then—

	“Ahah.”

	Its frame was large enough to reach the ceiling.

	Its mouth was torn apart.

	Its right eye was gouged out.

	Its wing was shredded to pieces.

	I calmly stood in front of the monster’s corpse that had only one eye and one wing.





Chapters 72

	Author: I would like to point out that I have changed a character’s name in the story.

	Before: Celica Belgret

	After: Amira Belgret

	Shiru: I was confused too, since I had no idea who Celica was in the story. It looks like the author made this change in some of their earlier chapters, but not all of them. Also, see you in two days for another chapter.





* * *



	Night had arrived.

	Bluerin and I were located at a place between the mansion and the village. We were making our preparations here…

	We would be confronting Neah, so we couldn’t slack off in our preparations… We continued until it was almost time to head out.

	“Bluerin, there will be lots of enemies outside the mansion. Be careful.”

	“Guah.”

	‘Your worry is unnecessary.’

	How reliable.

	…I’m just making an assumption, but there will probably be tons of zombies surrounding the mansion.

	I’m not sure if Neah will use the controlled villagers. But I should definitely consider the worst case scenario.

	“Usato, I had a look at the villagers.”

	“How was it?”

	With impeccable timing, Amako had come back after I requested her to take a look at the village.

	Her report will heavily influence my choices.

	“All the villagers are present. It looks like she doesn’t want to get them involved.”

	“……I see. It seems Neah only intends to use Ark-san and the zombies. What’s she thinking? Is it because she thinks it’s enough? Or does she have something up her sleeve?”

	Either way, it doesn’t change the fact that I needed to save Ark-san.

	I’ll be able to go all-out without the villagers present.

	“The horse seems to be fine and our belongings should still be at Tetra-san’s house. Also, here.”

	Amako presented me some cloth, ripped from curtains.

	I accepted it and then questioned her, to confirm her resolve.

	“Are you really alright with this? You’re going to receive a lot of shocks, in various ways.”

	“I want to save Ark-san as well. Moreover, I’m already used to how reckless your actions can be, Usato.”

	Her words were filled with determination, a big contrast from last night when she said ‘scary… ’, right after I jumped off from the third floor.

	Without saying anything, I turned my back to her and squatted down. Amako drew closer, placed her hands on my head, and lightly jumped onto my back. I took a firm hold of her legs with my arms. Once I confirmed that Amako was balanced, I slowly stood up.

	“I thought it would be more difficult to stay balanced but it’s not that bad.”

	Simply put, I would carry Amako on my back.

	This was our plan. Amako would use her foresight, I would move. If things go according to plan, we’ll be able to prevent any enemy attacks, as long as we can see them coming. We would truly be an invincible combination.

	“Alright, now let’s tie this cloth around us.”

	Using the cloth I received, I wrapped it around the both of us. I tied it in place on my hips, while making sure it wouldn’t be tight enough to hinder my mobility.

	……As I expected, she was light, just like a small animal. For me, it was almost equivalent to carrying nothing on my back.

	“How are you doing back there? Is it uncomfortable for you anywhere?”

	“……Usato, do you really not have any other thoughts on this?”

	“Eh?…… Hahaha, it’s still three years too early for you—“

	She suddenly gave me a strong arm choke… and it didn’t look like she had any intention of letting go.

	It’s a bit painful not being able to breathe… S-stop…



	My face turned pale and I tapped her arm with my hand. Once she felt satisfied, she relaxed her hold.

	“You won’t have a next time.”

	“……Eh? Ah, okay.”

	As I tried to control my ragged breathing, Amako whispered this in my ear. Her words were concise but her voice contained a chill I haven’t heard before.

	Hey… I replied to her in a frightened voice. What’s going on? Before I knew it, Amako had grasped the power to decide my very fate.

	I’ve heard the stories of how terrifying a girl’s anger could be, but I would have preferred to have not experienced it just before the battle.

	“Bluerin. Are you ready?”

	“Guruah!”

	His large, blue body visibly shook as he roared.

	It seems like the preparations are finished.

	“Amako, focus on using your magic. I’ll do my very best to defend you so no attacks can harm you.”

	“It’s fine, you don’t need to worry about that.”

	Good.

	Bluerin and I started walking towards Neah’s mansion.

	The plan is simple… Beat Neah up right away and release Ark-san and the zombies from her control.

	As for releasing the villagers… There was still something that didn’t add up. But I could just be overthinking it.

	I didn’t understand her thought process for one thing… Why would Neah act as a villager girl for 200 years and be a substitute for Tetra-san’s daughter?

	However, that didn’t really matter now, I’ll have you return my comrade.

	“Alright…… Let’s go!!”

	“Guoooooh—!!”

	Amako clung tightly to my back as I broke into a run.


◊ ◊ ◊

	Only a short amount of time passed since I started running but the mansion was already in view.

	We knew that she was inviting us into her mansion. The room on the third floor was lit, unlike yesterday.

	I could also see zombies surrounding the mansion. However, they didn’t concern me. I wasn’t their opponent this time, after all.

	“Bluerin!! I’m counting on you to lead them away!!”

	“Guruah!!”

	Bluerin charged ahead of me and rammed his body into the zombies, creating a path. The scene before me reminded me of a traffic accident from my world, where Bluerin was the car. If the zombies weren’t so sturdy, there’s no doubt that a normal person would sustain a serious injury from Bluerin’s unstoppable charge.

	The bones in the zombie’s body bent due to Bluerin, but they still stood up again.

	We didn’t have the time to take care of these zombies one-by-one.

	I left the rest to Bluerin, while Amako and I proceeded to enter the mansion.

	“Don’t think I’m going to be polite and knock on the door before I enter!!”

	I kicked open the front door that had been thoroughly repaired, knocking away several zombies that stood on the other side.

	“Three on the right, one on the left, three up the stairs.”

	“OK, I’ll punch them.”

	Right as Amako gave me this information, my body immediately moved to repel the oncoming zombies trying to grab me. With several punches, they were all knocked away and crashed into the walls.

	If I know where their attacks are coming from, it’s easy to deal with them.

	“Let’s keep this pace and go up.”

	As I ran up the stairs, the three zombies that Amako mentioned appeared.

	I calmly grabbed the assaulting zombies by the wrist and threw them hard onto the ground, rendering them powerless.

	“Head straight. Go up to the third floor. There’s no one there on the stairs. Go through the door.”

	I see, no one there, huh?

	Following Amako’s words, I quickly went up the stairs and arrived on the third floor. Once I was in front of the door, I paused.

	“Wait, what are you doing Usato—“

	“Eh, don’t mind me. I’m just going to give a greeting. Yes, just a little greeting.”

	Without minding Amako’s confusion, I clenched my fist.

	For controlling our comrade Ark-san, and for getting in the way of our journey…

	There’s no way I wouldn’t be angry.

	“Just like I promised, I have arrived!! You shut-in vampire!!”

	Punctuating my bellowed taunt, my fist struck the wooden door.

	Holding nothing back, my punch tore open the door. The impact was strong enough to break the hinges and send the door flying away.

	“Good of you to have made it——— Wait, that’s dangerousssssss!?”

	Neah had been expecting us on the other side, but she shouted in fear and fell backward to avoid her own door.

	The door broke through a large window, creating a big hole.

	“Eh, m-my mansion is… H-hey! Don’t you have any manners!? Can’t you properly open a door!? Do you realize how difficult it is to repair everything!?”

	“Like I care!! I can’t afford to waste time with you!! Before you can scheme anything, we’re going to fight right away!!”

	“Hiih!?”

	Without being concerned about Neah’s change in expression, I jumped towards her to knock her out.

	“Usato, don’t!!”

	“!!”

	Just as I was in range to chop Neah, I heard Amako’s warning and paused.

	At the same time I stopped my movements, I noticed something coming towards me, and hurriedly jumped away from Neah. A sword had appeared in the spot where I was just a moment ago.

	Red hair gleamed in the shadows. The unpolished dark grey sword glinted.

	The attacker was also wearing a dignified armor piece, something not previously possessed.

	Ark-san stood in front of Neah. Neah placed a hand on her chest and tried to catch her breath.

	“T-that was close. Fu, fufufu, how about that? The situation has been reversed.”



	Neah got up from the ground, looking proud and elated. She spoke and gave us a provocative smile as she hid behind Ark-san.

	If I could create an opening and just knock Neah out— That was what I had in mind. However, I didn’t think Ark-san would be able to react this fast.

	“……I guess you’re not going to move, Ark-san.”

	“……”

	Silence———

	Although he’s being controlled by Neah, he’s properly protecting what he’s supposed to protect. As he is someone who had many years of active experience ‘protecting’ the gates of Lyngle, there’s no way a surprise attack like this wouldn’t have been foreseen by him.

	“Haah… I’m really at a loss.”

	I gave a sigh and lowered my fists, realizing that any further attacks against Neah would be futile.

	It seemed that Neah relaxed once she saw that, as she looked curiously at Amako who was on my back and tilted her head to the side.

	“You two, that arrangement of yours… I see. That way, Amako can focus on using her foresight magic.”

	“……You heard from Ark-san, I’m guessing.”

	“Of course. I’ve also heard a great deal about you, Usato.”

	As expected, she found out.

	If things were going to turn out this troublesome, it would have been better to take her down on our first encounter.

	“You’ve been summoned from another world, right?”

	“That’s right. I’m not someone from this world. I really didn’t want you to know but now that it’s come to this, I can’t do much about it.”

	I’ll attack from the front. I’ll knock out Ark-san first and focus on my fight with Neah.

	For that, I need to—

	“Amako, I feel bad for saying this since it hasn’t been very long but could you get down?”

	“………I got it.”

	If I were just facing the zombies, I could still have her on my back. But against Ark-san, it would be a big handicap for me.

	Even I didn’t know how powerful Ark-san fire magic was, but since he was being controlled, he might go all-out.

	If he were to fight seriously… the first thing that comes to my mind is Mina’s explosion magic during her fight with Nack. If Ark-san’s fire magic had at least as much range as Mina’s explosion magic, there’s no doubt that if Amako were on my back, she would be caught in an attack.

	Amako got down from my back and Ark-san took up a stance with his sword in silence.

	“———I think you know but… I have no intention of holding back, okay? Your heroic feats, strength, endurance… I’ve heard everythinggggg from Ark-san. That’s why he will be fighting you with everything he’s got. Oh, I’ll also lend a helping hand… Just a bit.”

	“Lend a helping hand……?”

	…Did she do something to Ark-san? Did that armor with really bad taste have anything to do with it?

	Looking at Ark-san, the armor he was wearing covered his entire body… it was far too big and hollow on the inside as well.

	It looks like I won’t know what he’s hiding unless we fight.

	“———Do it.”

	“!!”

	The moment she commanded him with her voice, Ark-san immediately rushed out towards me.

	Judging by the sharpness of his blade and how it was enshrouded in flames, he could easily cut me in two.

	“Ark-san……!”

	“……”

	I avoided his downward slash by taking a step back, and then I focused healing magic in my fist.

	There was no meaning to using my healing magic against the zombies, but the story changes if my opponent is a living person. I’ll use my Healing Punch to immediately knock him out.

	But before I can, I had to knock away that sword from his hands first.

	When I faced Halfa-san at the school grounds, I was able to deflect his staff with my fists. But if I made contact with Ark-san’s sword, I would be the one injured and bleeding…

	It might not seem like a big deal since I was just fighting against a different weapon but that’s not true at all.

	Furthermore, Ark-san was an expert with the sword. If I charged in recklessly, there was a possibility of receiving a fatal wound.

	“!?”

	His flaming sword swung from below me, I leaned back as it almost grazed the tip of my nose.

	If I had been hit by that, it wouldn’t have ended with just a simple burn. I doubt Neah has the intention to kill me but she’s probably okay with capturing me half-dead.

	Even If I were half-dead, I had confidence that I could fully revitalize myself. However, I’d rather not get sliced by a flaming sword.

	Anyhow, I should throw away my hesitation and just face Ark-san without holding back. It’ll be over if I can just knock him out.

	“I’m sorry. I’m going to punch you.”

	While being careful of the trail of flames his sword left behind with his swing, I used my right hand to grab his sword hand. I then used a Healing Punch with my other hand to strike his breastplate.

	I definitely felt the impact transfer to Ark-san’s body.

	“With this———“

	It’s finished. But the moment I was about to say those words, strange patterns emerged from Ark-san’s breastplate.

	The patterns were similar to the ones that immobilized my body before. They flickered and travelled from his chest down to his feet.

	It felt like the attack that Ark-san received was being redirected somewhere else——

	“D-don’t tell me———!?“

	I had already let my guard down and my mind was in turmoil. Ark-san didn’t miss this opening and aimed his left hand at my abdomen.

	The moment I could process what was happening, it was already too late.

	“Shit…”

	When I tried to coat my entire body in healing magic, Ark-san already had a fireball in his palm. He released it, and the flames engulfed my entire body.

	The fireball had driven right in my stomach… It was definitely effective. I was blown away from the impact and crashed into a wall. I collided with the nearby suits of armor as well, and they landed on my back as they fell down.

	“……”

	“Usato!!”

	The flustered Amako rushed towards me and helped me get up.

	My white coat had become dirty with black soot but there were no holes anywhere. I didn’t have any wounds either.

	If the force from his fireball wasn’t all that powerful and I wouldn’t be burned, then there was no need to use any healing magic…

	“……I didn’t think you would be able to take my Healing Punch like that……”
