“Wait,” she said.

“What is it?”

Did she find something?

“There’s a room up ahead with the lights on.”

“Really?”

Was it time? Was it time to confront the necromancer?

We proceeded forward cautiously, and I noticed light leaking from a door up ahead.

“Is the necromancer in there?” I asked.

“No.”

Amako had seen past the door, and she looked puzzled. Had the necromancer noticed us? Amako used her magic one more time, then opened the double doors into the room.

“What the . . .?”

The room was like a library, filled with books piled as high as the ceiling. I couldn’t believe how many of them there were.

“What is this?” I asked as we stepped inside. “A study?”

“How long would it take to read all of these books?”

“An unbelievably long time.”

I walked to a table, which had some magical tools on it, and noticed a book. The book was brown and old and falling apart. I picked it up, turned it over, and looked at the title.

“Record of the Hero? What is this book?” I uttered.

The author’s name was no longer readable, but it seemed like the book was about the hero.

“So, it’s not a book so much as it is a diary?”

This wasn’t about Kazuki or senpai, though—this was about the hero who came before.

Filled with curiosity, I opened the book. I turned the old pages carefully, fearful that they might crumble, and found that most of the pages were so badly weather worn that the writing was no longer legible.

“I can barely read any of this. Well, I’m certainly not going to be able to read anything just skimming it.”

Just as I was about to close the book, a line jumped out at me. In the center of the page was a line written in big script.





He hated humans. He loved us.





By “he” they meant the hero, right?

Did that mean that the hero loved some other species that was not human?

I didn’t actually know if what was written in the diary was true, but I was nevertheless intrigued.

“Guess I’ll take it with me,” I said.

I put the diary in my chest pocket, and admittedly, I felt a little guilty about it. It being theft and all. But then I noticed a black book near where the diary had been.

“Hm? What’s this?” I muttered, opening it up. “Huh? I can’t read any of it. How odd.”

The text was completely foreign to me. I could understand most texts here in this world, but not what was written in this particular book.

“I don’t understand . . .” I muttered.

When we’d been summoned to this world, a spell had been cast upon Kazuki, senpai, and I that let us understand languages. Just to make sure it wasn’t me, I grabbed another book for comparison and confirmed what I thought: I could read it. The black book was clearly unique.

“Amako, can you read this?” I asked.

“Hm? What is it?”

Amako had been idly poking around at books elsewhere. I passed her the black book. As soon as she saw it, her eyes went wide.

“No way . . .” she uttered.

Her response sent warning bells ringing in my head.

“What’s up?” I asked.

With a slight tremble in her voice, Amako explained.

“This is . . . a book of sorcery.”

I wasn’t sure what she meant. I wasn’t particularly familiar with the word, so without thinking, I repeated it straight back to her.

“Sorcery? Wait, so you can read what’s in the book?”

“No, but that’s how I know that this is a book of sorcery. I saw one once back home in the Beastlands. It was the same as this. Usato, you’re not supposed to be able to read this.”

“You mean it’s better that we can’t?”

But wouldn’t that mean that nobody could understand it? Amako looked frustrated by my puzzled expression.

“Usato, this is really bad,” she said, still clutching the book. “This means that the necromancer might also be capable of sorcery!”

“And that’s . . . not good?”

“It’s so not good.”

Clearly, Amako saw this as a major crisis. Her panicked expression told me exactly how dire the situation potentially was. Sorcery was a word that, in my home world, brought to mind dark and wicked imagery. It seemed like sorcery was something slightly different here.

“Okay, well how about you start by explaining to me exactly what sorcery is?” I said.

The question calmed Amako down a little. She took a deep breath, looked me in the eyes, and nodded.

“Like magic, sorcery is activated by magic power.”

“So the energy source is the same, then?”

“Yes, but aside from that, they’re completely different. Anyone can use magic once they know how it works, but sorcery is recorded in books. You can’t use hex formulas unless you decipher them first.”

Hex formulas? Is that what these indecipherable words are?

“Is it even possible to understand this?” I asked, pointing at the book. “All of it looks like complete gibberish to me.”

“Of course, it does. Hex formulas are not simple things that are remembered in just a day or two. Learning to use them can take as long as fifty years.”

“Fifty years?!”

What the heck?! You’d be a grandpa by the time you learned anything. And if she said “at least”, that means some books take even longer to understand.

“That’s sorcery,” said Amako. “It’s made up of skills that people spend their lives learning to master.”

“Who would even come up with something so strange though?”

“Well, whoever it was, I don’t think they were human.”

That much was obvious—whoever came up with this sorcery didn’t even consider human lifespans.

“But is it worth spending so much time to learn sorcery?” I asked.

“Not usually, but it can definitely make you more powerful. One of sorcery’s few strengths is that you can learn to use it regardless of what magic you were born with.”

“But the price for that seems way too high.”

I was pretty certain that any human who tried to learn sorcery was probably insane.

“But it’s not all bad,” said Amako. “Unlike magic, sorcery is powerful in very specific areas.”

“What do you mean?”

“Magic changes based on how it is used, but sorcery is very specific and very powerful within its limited area of use. I’ve heard that some sorcery even tampers with time, space, and the fabric of reality. In some cases, spending your life learning a particular hex formula could be worth it.”

Time and space? The fabric of reality? So would that mean that you could connect places through space and control time?

I couldn’t even begin to fathom it.

“That’s all sorts of confusing,” I muttered.

Magic was definitely more convenient because of its wide range of uses, but that didn’t mean you could just write sorcery off, no matter how nonsensical it may seem on the surface.

“Nobody uses sorcery anymore, so I never would have imagined we’d find a book like this here,” said Amako, putting the book on a random shelf.

“Really?” I asked. “Nobody?”

“In the past, sorcery was seen as similar to Mana Boosting, but not anymore. I mean, it makes so much more sense to perfect the magic you have than to spend decades trying to decipher something you may never actually understand, right?”

“Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.”

For humans, sorcery was a skill with too many drawbacks. Learning it was so difficult that humans probably just abandoned the idea. However, the enemy we were hunting this evening wasn’t human.

“What’s the lifespan of a necromancer?” I asked.

“It’s multiple times that of a human,” replied Amako.

“I thought so.”

It was a monster, after all, so it wasn’t all that surprising to hear it lived several times longer than a human.

“The worst thing is that we don’t know what sorcery is written in that book, and we can’t work it out,” I said.

“Yep. If we knew what sorcery it was, we might be able to work out a countermeasure, but for now . . . we’ll just have to approach the necromancer knowing that sorcery is one of its options.”

I nodded. We might not know exactly what sorcery the necromancer had at its disposal, but we knew for sure that it was not to be underestimated. As far as I could tell, it looked like my fight against Halpha at Luqvist would make a good reference.

The plan was simple: hit the necromancer where it was weak before it had a chance to put any of its sorcery to use.

“Good plan, Usato,” I muttered to myself.

“Well, let’s move on to the other rooms,” said Amako.

“Good call.”

There didn’t seem to be any more useful information regarding the necromancer in this room anyway.

But what is this jitter I feel in my chest?

“Let’s hurry,” I said.

“Okay.”

What influence would this strange sorcery have on us?

Thinking about it filled me with a strange nervousness, but all the same, Amako and I put the study behind us and kept on searching for the necromancer.





* * *





Sir Usato and Miss Amako had just entered the manor. The villagers and I had drawn the zombies to us, and with me and my fire magic in the lead, we were taking them down. Fortunately, nobody had been hurt as we led the zombies away from the manor.

“Something doesn’t feel right,” I muttered.

I wasn’t unhappy that the plan was going so smoothly, but it was extremely strange. The zombies were moving exactly the way we wanted them to. I couldn’t put my finger on exactly why, and that made me anxious.

“It’s like we’re being tested,” I said as I cut down an attacking zombie with my flaming sword.

I looked around at the villagers pushing the zombies back with their farming tools while others chopped off limbs to render the zombies immobile. Many of the zombies were no longer a threat, but they were still coming. I wiped the sweat from my brow as the village chief, wielding an old sword of his own, spoke.

“You truly are powerful, Aruku,” he said.

“I couldn’t handle all of these zombies on my own,” I replied. “It’s because of everyone’s support that I can wield my sword freely.”

And it really was thanks to them. As long as they had my back, I didn’t have to worry about surprise attacks. I could focus my strength on the zombies in front of me. And as long as I could concentrate with such ease, even someone as clumsy as myself could keep the villagers protected.

“I wonder how Usato is doing,” said the village chief.

“He’ll be fine,” I replied.

“You trust him.”

“I do. He’s my friend.”

I knew that he was a warrior. I had seen him running through the battlefield in the battle against the Demon Lord’s forces. But he wasn’t just physically tough; Usato’s mental fortitude meant that he would not yield to anyone. I didn’t think for an instant that he would be caught off guard by a mere necromancer.

“You think very highly of him. Just who is that young man?”

Who, indeed?

“He’s a healer,” I said.

Usato had hidden the fact that he was a healer, but I would tell everyone for him. I would tell them all about him, and I would not leave out the fact that he was a healer. I knew that the chief and the villagers here with me would not look down on us because of such a fact.

“Wow, so he’s a healer,” muttered the village chief.

“Are you disappointed?” I asked.

“Not at all. Quite the opposite.”

I tilted my head as I sent more zombies packing. The village chief’s comment confused me.

“Before we set out, he told me that he was good at first aid magic and would heal anyone who was injured.”

“Ah, I see.”

“I was quite surprised. He was about to march off into danger, and yet he showed us all great kindness.”

I couldn’t help but laugh.

“That’s Sir Usato for you.”

That was just who he was.

“No ordinary young man would say such a thing so casually. No ordinary healer, for that matter. I feel certain that Usato has overcome considerable adversary for one so young.”

“Indeed.”

I thought back to when I had seen Sir Usato during the war. My duty was to defend the rescue team, and so I had seen both Lady Rose and Sir Usato leave the rescue team camp together.

Lady Rose was a woman of such caliber that in terms of strength and healing she was peerless in the Llinger Kingdom. And yet, with Sir Usato by her side, I felt a light from him not unlike that of Rose herself—powerful and bright. In the two of them, I saw the very definition of master and disciple.

To enter a warzone—where attack magic and weapons assaulted you at every turn—took incredible grit. It was not something one could do without first having a steely resolve. And yet, the young Sir Usato never faltered as he followed Lady Rose onto the battlefield. When I saw him there, running out into battle, I trembled at the sheer emotion of it all.

In that moment, I knew without a sliver of uncertainty what Usato was.

“He is a hero,” I said. “For us and for all of the Llinger Kingdom.”

I believed that with every fiber of my being.

People were now alive thanks to his efforts. People who could cry and laugh and smile. It was an easy thing to slaughter another in battle, but it was not so easy to save a life. For that, Sir Usato was a hero, just as all the members of the rescue team were.

“I feel it is an honor that I get to travel alongside Sir Usato on his journey,” I said.

I realized then that perhaps I’d been talking too much. It was perhaps a good time for us to go and support Usato’s efforts. If he and Amako hadn’t found the necromancer yet, we might still be able to help them. I told the village chief behind me to get ready to move on the manor.

“Once we clear the zombies here, let’s enter the manor,” I said. “There may still be more lurking inside.”

But I was met with silence.

“Chief?” I asked.

Just as I turned to see what was going on, the chief’s sword handle came down upon my wrist, and I dropped my sword.

“What the?!”

I couldn’t believe what had just happened. I instinctively tried to create some distance, but before I could, the villagers had my arms and legs pinned.

“Grr! What is this?!” I shouted at the village chief. “Are you traitors?! No, wait, you’re . . .?!”

But his eyes were completely empty, and he was suddenly much, much stronger than a man of his years. All of the villagers were the same. I couldn’t even move.

“You’re all being controlled!”

It was not the villagers who had walked me into a trap. It was whoever was controlling them.

But that means that from the moment we entered the village . . .

“No, Sir Usato!”

I have to warn them! He and Miss Amako are probably still in the manor!

I tried to shout but the villagers forced me to my knees.

“Just as I thought,” said someone from behind me. “How fascinating.”

I could not turn to face the speaker, but its voice sent a shiver down my spine as it approached. I suddenly realized that the surrounding zombies had frozen and were simply staring at someone behind me, as if waiting for commands.

“You can control the living?!” I shouted.





I knew of only one monster that could do such a thing. But we were supposed to be facing a necromancer. The zombies it now controlled were proof of that.

No! Is that even possible?!

“So that’s . . . why!” I spat.

“How exciting! A hero, you say? I am so intrigued!”

One of the villagers then held my head tight to expose the flesh on my neck.

“You seem like the most troublesome of the lot,” said the voice, giggling.

“Don’t you dare . . . touch them!”

But the girl behind me continued to giggle.

“Relax,” she said. “I’m going to catch them just like I did you.”

She drew nearer and sunk her fangs into my neck. In an instant, the power drained from my body, and my consciousness faded. I moaned as I realized I was being hypnotized and put under control. And if this girl was what I thought she was, then it no longer mattered what I wanted—I would do her bidding.

I could struggle no longer.

“Sir Usato . . . Miss Amako . . .” I muttered. “I’m . . . sorry. If I’d only realized . . . sooner . . .”

The villagers released me, and I slumped to the ground. As my consciousness began to fade away, I saw a girl before me, her eyes blood red. She had a spine-chilling grin on her face.





Chapter 5: Shock! Trust Betrayed!





Upon leaving the study, we went through all the manor’s remaining rooms with a fine-tooth comb . . . which is to say, Amako stood in front of each room’s closed door, and she used her magic to tell me whether or not we needed to bother with going inside. It was a simple, direct method and easily our best course of action. We didn’t have time to search every room while Aruku and the villagers were holding off the zombies outside.

Unfortunately, we couldn’t find the necromancer anywhere.

“Amako, what about here?” I asked.

Amako stood in front of the big set of double doors and used her magic, just as she’d done many times now. After a few seconds of staring at the door, she shook her head.

“The room is too big. I can’t see anything from outside like this.”

“Well then, let’s check it out ourselves,” I said.

It had to be the biggest room in the entire manor. It was located in the middle of the third floor, and it really jumped out at you—you couldn’t miss it. I didn’t expect that we’d find the necromancer here.

I let out a little sigh and pushed the doors open.

“Wow, it really is big,” I said.

The doors opened into a giant hall. There was an expensive carpet on the floor and a chandelier that looked completely out of place in all the darkness, but other than that, the room was empty.

“Well, there’s nowhere for the necromancer to hide in here, so . . . uh, Amako?”

Amako was frozen in place, staring at the room.

“Did you see something with your magic?” I asked.

Amako said nothing.

“Are you okay, Amako?” I asked.

When she still didn’t reply, I gave her shoulders a light shake and she snapped back to reality with a quiver.

“Wh-what? What’s going on?” she asked.

“That’s what I want to know. Did you just see something with your magic?”

Amako hesitated for a moment, then shook her head.

“It’s nothing. I was just spacing out,” she replied.

“If you’re not feeling well, let me know, okay? I’ll probably freak out if you suddenly collapse or something.”

“Got it.”

She smiled as we left the hall.

Is she really okay? That didn’t look like a girl who was just spacing out. It looked like something really bothered her. I don’t like it.

“Well, we’ve searched pretty much everywhere,” I said as we made our way down from the third floor.

“Usato, that hall we were in before . . .” said Amako.

She seemed suddenly hesitant, like she was reluctant to speak.

“Yeah?”

“Uh, actually, it’s nothing.”

What did she sense back there? It just looked like a big room to me, but perhaps I missed something?

I kept an eye on Amako and thought about our current circumstances. It was possible that the necromancer had already run away. I didn’t know exactly how it had noticed us, but based on the study we visited—which was lit up and filled with stuff—we knew that something had been in the manor. Perhaps it had noticed us at some point and made a break for it.

That was the most natural explanation, but it felt a little too early to jump to any conclusions, so we kept searching.

“This is all that’s left,” I muttered.

It was a door built into the floorboards, on the first floor.

“Maybe it was for food storage?” I said. “In any case, let’s take a look.”

I opened the door quietly. Dust and mold drifted up from the basement along with a strange, unpleasant stench. It was like a mix of beasts, rotten meat, and moldy air—really awful stuff.

“What is that?” I asked, coughing. “Maybe there are some dead animals or something down there. Amako, are you okay?”

“I’m okay, but it stinks.”

Amako covered her nose with her cloak and looked past the open door. It was pitch black down there. With what little light we had, it was impossible to see just how big the basement area was.

Well, let’s take a peek for starters.

I opened the door fully, then got down on my hands and knees to peek inside. It was so dark that even when I squinted my eyes for a better look, I saw almost nothing.

“Hm? There’s something big down there . . .”

I couldn’t make it out clearly, but the silhouette I saw was definitely something.

Probably best to get Amako to check this out, seeing as she can see in the dark.

“Amako, could you take a look? Not with your magic, just normally.”

“Okay.”

Amako nodded and peered down through the door. I couldn’t make out anything, but perhaps she’d see what was down there with her beastkin eyes. I felt a presence down there. Maybe there were ancient antiques in the basement.

Then Amako gasped.

“Amako?” I asked.

But when I looked at her, she was shaking so badly that her hands slipped.

“Whoa!” I cried, grabbing her cloak to make sure she didn’t fall straight down into the basement. “What’s wrong? This isn’t like you . . . huh?!”

Amako suddenly wrapped herself around one of my arms.

Is this like a ‘hug Usato day’ or something?

The thought was completely irrelevant. I was going to make a remark about Amako, but then I thought better of it—she was trembling like crazy.

“Amako, what’s . . . wait. What did you see down there?”

Whatever it was, it had shocked her so badly that she now had her face buried in my chest. That thing in the basement had inspired a serious level of fear in her.

“Should I go check it out?” I asked.

There was a chance that what was down there might harm the villagers. Maybe if I brought down one of the magical lamps from the study, I could see. But as I tried to stand up, I felt the silent Amako grip my arm even tighter. When she looked up at me, I could see in her eyes that she was terrified.

“Usato . . .” she muttered. “Don’t go . . .”

“Whatever it is, we have to check it out,” I said.

“But I saw it. It looked at me.”

Who did? Or should I say . . . what?

“It’s not a living creature,” Amako said. “It’s something different. Something way scarier. I’ve seen a lot of things on my travels, but never anything like that. So please . . . don’t go in there.”

“Okay.”

Amako was still clinging to me desperately, so I reluctantly agreed to do as she said. I still thought it was best we check it out, and the sooner the better, but I knew I couldn’t leave Amako like this either. I slowly closed the basement door and turned to face Amako.

“It’s okay,” I said. “We’ll go look elsewhere.”

I’d really screwed up. Even though I didn’t know what was down there, I’d shown Amako something that shook her to her core. And while she often acted older than she was, at the end of the day, she was still just a fourteen-year-old girl.

“I’ve still got a lot to learn,” I muttered, standing up.

I was disappointed in myself for not being more aware of such things and more prepared. Fortunately, Amako looked a little calmer. She let go of my arm apologetically.

“I’m sorry,” she said, “for being so insistent about it . . .”

“Don’t worry. I’m not so narrow minded that I’ll get angry at you about something like that.”

“But you always get angry about little things.”

That’s because you’re always shooting off your mouth.

I could see the pout on her face, but I turned my attention back to the necromancer hunt.

“We’ve searched pretty much every room,” I said. “Once we finish up, let’s regroup with Aruku.”

But where was the necromancer? Did a necromancer even exist here in the first place? All we knew for sure was that someone or something definitely lived here. I also didn’t think that the villagers had been lying to us.

“So much we still don’t know,” I muttered, pressing my closed eyes with my fingers.

“Huh?” said Amako, looking puzzled as she put a hand to one of her ears.

“What is it?”

“I can’t hear Aruku and the others outside anymore.”

“What?”

I looked over at the door leading outside and strained to listen.

Aruku and the villagers had been drawing the zombies away, but all of a sudden . . . they’d gone completely silent. The distant sounds of battle had disappeared.

“Is it possible that they’ve put a stop to all the zombies?” asked Amako.

“I don’t know. It seemed like there were too many for them to dispatch that quickly.”

I didn’t like thinking about it, but maybe Aruku and the villagers had instead fallen to the zombies. I had a bad feeling growing inside of me. I decided it was time for a change of plan.

“Let’s go check on Aruku and the others!” I said.

“Okay!”

We ran over to the door. Finding the necromancer was important, but not as important as our friends and allies! The moment I put a hand to the doorknob, however, a bunch of tree branch-like arms pushed through the gap, and zombies began forcing their way inside. Amako shrieked.

“An ambush?!” I shouted.

I launched a straight kick at the zombie in the lead as it tried to push through the door. It barreled into the zombies behind it and rolled along the floor.

“Amako! Don’t move!”

“Huh? Wha? Huh?!”

I took the frozen Amako in my arms and backed away. Zombie voices filled the air all around us.

Where were they all hiding?

“This is going to get a little bumpy!” I said.

“What?!”

We had to get out of here, immediately. With Amako under one of my arms, I dodged the incoming zombies and dashed up the stairs. Fortunately, there weren’t any zombies waiting for us on the higher floors. I kicked open the door into the third-floor hall. It was still as deserted as it was when we’d last seen it, and there wasn’t a zombie in sight.

“They’re going to corner us, Usato!” cried Amako.

Here on the third floor, there was nowhere else to run. If we tried to go back the way we came, we’d be surrounded by zombies in no time. I sighed.

“What do we do?” asked Amako. “Should I use my magic to find a weak point in the zombie forces for us to break through?”

“No need for that,” I replied. “I know a quicker escape.”

Based on where all the zombies had come from, I felt like they were all intentionally herding us up towards the third floor, where there was no escape. But whoever was controlling them had made a mistake.

Do you have any idea who my teacher was? She literally threw me off a cliff pretty much the moment I started understanding how my magic worked. You think a measly three floors is going to spook me?

“Don’t you dare think that three floors are going to be enough to stop me,” I muttered.

“Wait, Usato, wait,” said Amako, her voice trembling.

She watched as I opened the windows onto the balcony. Still in my arms, she looked up at me, her face pale as a sheet as she shook her head.

“So you are a girl after all,” I said with a chuckle.

“This has nothing to do with being a girl!” cried Amako.

Oh look at you, so adorable with your fear of heights. But there’s no other way to escape, so strap yourself in.

To try and put Amako at ease, I grinned at her.

“You can’t be serious, Usato,” said Amako, her expression a portrait of despair.

I knew I wasn’t going to be able to make a solid landing with Amako tucked under my arm, so I hoisted her around and held her in both arms. Then I stepped back from the window to give us a bit of a run-up.

“Don’t worry,” I said. “I won’t let you go. I promise.”

“It doesn’t matter what you say!”

“Here we go! Keep your mouth shut so you don’t bite your own tongue!”

“Are you even listening to me?!”

I took off running and jumped from the third-floor balcony. Amako screamed as we flew through the air. There were no zombies below us. We landed at a point some fifteen meters from the manor proper. I felt a slight numbness work its way through my body—carrying another person was tougher on my legs than I expected.

Still, I breathed a sigh of relief.

“Escape attempt successful,” I said.





I quickly shot some healing through Amako’s body. There were no zombies around the manor anymore.

“I guess all of the zombies are inside,” I said. “Now is a good opportunity for us to find the others. Can you walk?”

“Th-th-th-that was so scary . . .”

“Oh, you poor thing,” I said.

The zombies terrified her, the poor girl.

Amako was still stammering as I put her down on the ground and looked out at the path to the village.

“Where did everyone go?”

There was no way that Aruku would have abandoned us, so I had to assume that he ran into some kind of trouble. I looked around the area carefully, then found someone slumped over near the edges of the forest.

“Aruku?!” I shouted.

There was a little blood running from his neck. He was lying on the ground and so fast asleep that he looked dead. I dashed over to him and immediately cast healing magic.

“Are you okay?!”

But even after I’d healed him back to health, Aruku still didn’t wake up. On top of that, the more we tried talking to him, the more he moaned something we couldn’t understand. I looked at the two little scars on his neck. It was like something had bit him.

“Something happened to him . . .” I said. “And where did all the villagers go?”

I couldn’t see any of them anywhere.

“Perhaps they all ran away,” said Amako, a pained look on her face. “Perhaps they left Aruku all by himself.”

It was possible. The more likely possibility was that Aruku had helped them all get away, then fought as best he could on his own. Then, while he had his hands full with zombies, a stronger enemy emerged out of nowhere.

But that would mean . . .

My thoughts were interrupted by a shuffling in the bushes.

“Is it zombies?!”

I put up my fists, ready for a fight. But instead of zombies, villagers emerged from the forest. Amako immediately hid behind me and put her hood back on.

“It’s the village chief!” I said. “Are you all okay?”

“Yes, but . . . more importantly, how’s Aruku?”

“I’ve healed his wounds, but I’m not sure. What happened?”

The village chief frowned as he explained to us that another monster had attacked them while they were fighting the zombies. It was extremely strong, and the villagers’ weapons had been completely ineffective. Aruku had put the safety of the villagers first. He told them to flee while he attempted to fight the monster on his own.

“I’m so sorry!” said the village chief. “We did not have the strength to protect Aruku!”

But something about the story didn’t sit right with me. Yeah, it was certainly true that Aruku would put the villagers first. But was that really what happened? Aruku was a gatekeeper at Llinger Kingdom. He was proud of his job, and if push came to shove and he had to really fight, he would have used his fire magic to its fullest potential.

And yet, there were no signs of battle anywhere near him. The scene didn’t make any sense. When he’d fought the zombies with his flaming sword, he’d left charred marks along the ground. I’d seen them myself.

The other thing that bothered me was that the bite marks were on his clavicle. For a monster to bite him there, it would have had to attack him from behind. I couldn’t ever imagine Aruku giving up his back so easily.

“Leave the rest of this to us and head back to the village,” I said. “I’ll carry Aruku.”

“U-Usato . . .” started the village chief.

“We still haven’t found the necromancer. The monster that attacked Aruku may still be lurking around here somewhere too. It was clearly powerful enough to catch him off guard. That means it could well prove difficult for me to fight—if I have to protect you all at the same time.”

The village chief and his accompanying villagers were all confused by what I said. I didn’t know if it was because they were worried about being attacked, or because they hadn’t expected me to say what I did. In any case, my job now was to hide Aruku and Amako in the bushes where nobody would find them and crush all the zombies’ limbs so they couldn’t get revenge by attacking the village.

I didn’t much like the work ahead of me, but I knew I had to do what I had to do.

“Go,” I said. “Hurry back to the village and tell your families it will be alright.”

I was met by silence.

“Hm?”

Just then, I froze. It was as if my body, arms, and legs had been bound by something.

“What the?!” I exclaimed.

I can’t move?

To be more precise, my body was frozen from the neck down. When I looked down at it, I saw black patterns emitting a purple light that stretched across my body and each of my limbs. The patterns flowed across my body, keeping me completely locked down.

What is this?!

Amako quickly noticed something was off and approached me.

“Usato? What’s wrong?!” asked Amako.

But then I saw a group of nearby villagers moving in to attack her.

“Amako!” I shouted.

Amako heard the warning in my voice and quickly jumped away from me, out of reach of the villagers.

What are they doing?! I can’t even move my body to help her!

“Usato! The villagers! They’re not conscious of what they’re doing!”

“What? You mean they’re being controlled?!”

But necromancers can only control the dead! The villagers are all living, breathing humans!

Then I heard someone giggling. It wasn’t the village chief, nor was it any of the villagers. It came from the third-floor balcony that Amako and I had just jumped from. A figure was sitting there as if it were the most natural thing in the world, looking down at me and giggling derisively.

As the moon peeked out from behind the clouds, it bathed the entire manor in moonlight, and revealed the figure on the balcony.

“Nea . . .?” I uttered.

“Hiya Usato!”

It was Nea smiling down at us. But this was not the girl I had talked to earlier. The Nea on the balcony had jet black hair. Her eyes glimmered with a suspicious red in the darkness. She was in a black dress and her aura was completely different from earlier.

I couldn’t hide my confusion.

“Why . . . are you . . .?” I stammered.

“But surely that’s obvious,” replied Nea, daring me with her eyes.

Until everything went south, we’d been searching the manor for the necromancer. Given that Nea was acting like the place was home, the answer was like a slap in the face. The necromancer wasn’t a man at all.

“So, you did this to Aruku?” I asked.

Nea giggled.

“You’re much calmer about this than I expected. I thought you’d be so much more panicked.”

To be honest, I wanted to be more panicked, but my body was bound by something, and I still didn’t know what.





Unfortunately, this was not a good time for me to be completely frozen. If the villagers really were under Nea’s control, then I had no way of defending myself from them. I shouted to Amako, who was a little ways behind me.

“Amako! Run!”

“Wh-what are you saying?! If I run then you’ll—”

“Forget about me!”

“No! Without you, I . . .”

It was nice that she was worried, but there was no way Amako was going to just pick me up and get the both of us to safety.

“You have to get away from here! Aruku and I are helpless! How else are we going to get out of this?!”

“Hngh!” grunted Amako. “Fine! Okay!”

She finally seemed to get it. She nodded hesitantly and ran toward the village. The villagers, however, remained frozen. I glanced at them, then back up to Nea, who looked like she was having a ball.

“You’re not going after her?” I asked.

“Hm. I’ll get her later. Beastkin are interesting and all, but all she’s got going for her is heightened senses.”

That’s right! Nea doesn’t know what Amako’s magic is. Glad we kept that under wraps.

If we hadn’t, Nea might well have gone for Amako first.

“So what did you do to me?” I asked.

“I merely locked your ability to move. Keeping you under control with the zombies and the villagers was never going to be easy, even if we caught you by surprise.”

So saying, Nea looked supremely pleased with herself as she showed me the palm of her hand. An ominously glowing pattern floated from her hand, just like the one that had me all wrapped up.

“What is that?”

“It’s called the binding hex. Making it is incredibly, like incredibly, hard, and it takes forever. But in return, it wraps the target up extremely tight.”

So that’s why I’m frozen like this?

“I meant it when I said it was hard, by the way,” continued Nea. “I had to put pretty much all of my magical power into it. And it took six hours! That’s the effort I put into this. Not that you’d ever really understand what I mean.”

Nea made the seal on her palm disappear, then floated gently down from the balcony. Black, bat-like wings appeared from her back, carrying her softly down to the ground. That was when I knew for certain that Nea wasn’t human.

She’d cast her hex on me before we came here, when she’d hugged me. I’d thought it was strange for her to hug me like that out of the blue, and now I knew that it was all for the sake of this hex. I was at a loss for words.

“So this is sorcery, huh?” I said. “It’s just as strong as I’ve heard.”

But that power came at a significant cost—both in terms of time and energy. It wasn’t easy to use, either—not when you considered the sheer effort Nea had put into it. But while I was looking down at my body and thinking about sorcery, Nea tilted her head, suddenly confused.

“How do you know that it’s sorcery?” she asked.

Oh.

“Someone left a book of sorcery lying around in the manor study, and the lights were on in there. We couldn’t miss it.”

“Are you serious? I forgot to turn the lights off?”

“Huh?”

“Forget about it. So I don’t need to explain it, I suppose. That’s right—I’m a monster capable of sorcery.”

I guess even as a monster she’s a bit of an airhead. And even though she’s my enemy now, it’s still kind of adorable.

“So you’re a monster then? Really?” I asked.

I still couldn’t hide my surprise at discovering that an ordinary girl we’d met at Ieva Village was in fact a monster. Even as she walked toward me, she still looked human. Nea seemed to enjoy my puzzled gaze—I could see it in her smile.

“There are monsters that look just like humans, you know. They’re rare, but still.”

“So that means . . . you’re the necromancer?”

“You’re half-right. An ordinary necromancer wouldn’t be able to control the living.”

The village chief and the villagers were all still alive, and yet under her control. It was possible that they were all already dead, but when I’d talked to the village chief and the villagers earlier, they’d definitely been alive.

But there was no monster in the book Rose gave me that could control living people.

“I’m half necromancer and half another monster.”

“Is that even possible?”

“Procreation isn’t always limited to within a set species. I’m a very unique case—my mother was a necromancer, who can control the dead, and my father was something different. His power let him control the living. I get the best of both worlds.”

A monster that controls the living?

Suddenly, a monster came to mind—one that could control the living, had wings like a bat, and sucked blood from people’s necks. It was, admittedly, a bit on the dramatic side, however.

“Listen in awe, as I reveal that I am the progeny of a necromancer and a—”

“Wait, you’re not going to say vampire, are you?”

Nea froze, her smile still plastered to her face. I felt suddenly apologetic.

“I’m sorry,” I said.

But a hybrid of a necromancer and a vampire? That really is the best of both worlds. Well, given my current predicament, it’s actually the worst . . .

The fictional vampires of my home world and the vampires of this world seemed to share some similarities—blood sucking, incredible strength, and the ability to shape shift.

Nea giggled.

“You really are a curious one, aren’t you? You’re completely frozen, completely unable to move, and yet you clearly don’t fear me in the slightest. Even given your circumstances, you still have the gall to talk back to me.”

“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves, I’m not anything special. Just another ordinary healer, right here.”

As for the lack of fear, well, I’d developed a resistance thanks to the time I’d spent living with something that was truly terrifying.

Nea seemed to think my reply was funny. She covered her mouth as she burst into laughter.

“Not anything special? Oh, I doubt that. You need more than just higher-than-average physical abilities to take out my underlings. You also completely resisted my charm. I couldn’t believe it.

“Charm?”

“Bewitching. It’s a vampiric ability. Most people fall head over heels and melt for me. Where the heck did you learn such mental fortitude? Nobody ‘ordinary’ can just shake it off.”

So all those times I felt a spark between us, it was just Nea’s bewitching?

“You monster! I can’t believe you’d do that!”

“Um . . . why does that bother you more than me tricking you about all the other stuff?”

This is what happens when you toy with a guy’s innocence! His emotions!

But now I realized that the whole thing started with the very first zombie attack. We fell for it hook, line, and sinker and kept on doing everything expected of us.

“So what are you going to do with me now?” I asked.

“I’m going to make you my conversation partner.”

“Are you for real?”

“What else would I do?”

Why would anyone go that far for that reason? They wouldn’t. There had to be another reason.

No way . . .

“You’re going to make me a source of sustenance,” I uttered. “You’re going to use my healing powers to your advantage so that you have an endless blood tank. I should have known that a vampire would come up with something so grotesque!”

Nea looked plainly offended. It seemed clear that the endless blood tank was not her intention.

“So what, then?” I asked. “You did all of this just for someone to talk to?”

“That’s what I said, didn’t I? Now, while blood is delicious to vampires like me, we’re not exactly bloodthirsty, either. Blood is like wine for us. It’s all about moderation, right?”

Maybe I’m not the right guy to look for affirmation on this point? I’ve never touched wine in my life. That’s a very foreign concept to me.

“So blood isn’t the main source of sustenance for vampires?”

“I eat and drink the same as any ordinary human,” said Nea. “And blood is all the same, you know. It’s just a matter of whether it’s fresh or not. The idea of making something so bland your sole source of nourishment? That’s just crazy.”

My whole understanding of vampires was crumbling before my eyes.

“In any case, that might be because I’m only half vampire.”

“Being a hybrid would change you that much?” I asked.

“Yes. Look at it this way—I have none of the vampire’s and the necromancer’s weaknesses. I was born with only their strengths.”

“The best of both worlds, as you say.”

I didn’t know about necromancers, but I guess all the well-known vampire remedies were out—sunlight, running water, garlic, that kind of thing.

I’d been caught by a foe who was way more of a handful than I had expected.

How am I going to get out of this?

“You look pretty relaxed for someone bound and powerless,” remarked Nea.

She was close enough to touch me now. She looked up at me as she gently put a hand to my cheek.

“You didn’t have to do all of this if you just wanted to talk,” I said. “You could have just asked.”

“But then you would have left soon, no?”

I said nothing.

“Humans as unique as you are so very rare. You can defeat a zombie with your bare hands, you’ve been given an important duty to carry out, and your friend calls you a hero. I had to make sure you wouldn’t get away.”

I was exactly what she was looking for. With her hand still on my cheek, she brought my gaze in line with her own.

“I desire knowledge,” she said. “Not the stuff written on paper or in books, but the lives that people lead—I want to know the memories they have of their travels. But I don’t want just anyone. I want to know you. I want to know the life you’ve lived, and the trials you overcame, and how you came to wield such monstrous strength.”

“But I might not open up to you about it.”

“Oh, you will. You will because I’ll simply order you to do so.”

With a smile, Nea flashed her fangs. She wanted to bite my neck, just like she had Aruku’s. And if I was bitten, would that make me just like the puppet villagers standing around us?

“Wait,” I said. “How long have you been doing this for?”

“Hm, for about two hundred years? That’s about how long I’ve been playing this villager act too.”

That explained all the armor inside of the manor, then. All this time, Nea had done this over and over—making people her slaves and wiping their memories so they didn’t realize what had happened. Nea was behind all of the rumors that Aruku had shared with me.

“What about Tetra, then?” I asked.

“Tetra? Oh, I’m like a mother to her.”

If she was like a mother to Tetra, did that mean she was capable of mercy and compassion? Perhaps there was a way for me to talk to her and turn her around.

“Oh, don’t get the wrong idea,” said Nea, before I could start.

“About what?”

“You’re hoping that if a girl like me will play mother to a human, then perhaps I’m a monster with a kinder, gentler side to me, yeah?”

I did not answer. She’d hit the nail on the head.

“I’m not like that at all. Tetra and everyone else at the village, they’re all just a cover for me—just a way for me to blend in as a young villager.”

That meant she was using the villagers for her own purposes—so she could kidnap the people who visited.

“What are the villagers to you?” I asked.

“They’re my puppets,” replied Nea. “They feel what I want them to feel. Their memories are what I want them to be. When I told you I didn’t have parents, I was lying. When I said that Tetra was like a mother to me, that was a lie too. I’ve imprinted her with memories that make her think of me as her own daughter. It’s hilarious.”

I couldn’t believe that she could say all of that so casually. It was insane. She was merciless—she was bending people’s lives to her will. She didn’t think anything of humans—they were nothing more than toys to her.

“Fine. I’ll be your conversation partner,” I said.

“Oh? If I don’t have to keep tight control over you, this will all be so much easier.”

I just didn’t want to be her partner now.

“Can I come back once I’ve finished my journey?”

“Hm?”

Nea tilted her head.

“We’re traveling because we have a very important job to do. Like I told you yesterday, the fate of the world is at stake. So, can you wait until we’re done? You can cast whatever sorcery hex you like to ensure that I come back.”

Of course, I’d be coming for a fight. I’d bring the true Demon Lord, Rose, and all of the rescue team, and we’d turn Nea’s manor into dust.

I didn’t know how Nea was going to take my offer, but with my cheeks still in her hands, she squealed and blushed.

“That’s the first time anyone’s ever said anything like that to me!” she exclaimed.

“It’s not a profession of love! Don’t get the wrong idea!”

That was beyond ridiculous. I was bound by her powers, after all!

Nea chuckled at my response.

“But no,” she said. “I can’t wait that long. I want to get inside that head of yours as soon as possible.”

“The world is on the verge of crisis,” I said.

“Why should a monster like me care about the Demon Lord?”

“You won’t reconsider?”

“I won’t!” replied Nea brightly.

“Wench, you are going to regret that decision,” I murmured.

Whoops, I let my thoughts slip for a second there.

“Hm?”

“Uh, nothing?”

Phew, she didn’t catch my comment.

Nea watched me closely. Talking wasn’t getting us anywhere—Nea had no intention of letting me go.

“If you speak to me of your own volition, I might just release you earlier, you know.”

“If I do as I’m told, like a good prisoner, then . . . how long are we talking?”

“Hm. When I lose interest? So probably not that long? I mean, people will start to notice you are missing if you’re gone too long.”

So in a sense, there was a kind of salvation in Nea’s words. She would eventually let me go. Unfortunately, the part about her losing interest was straight-up awful for me. I mean, I was summoned from another world. There was no way of getting around that if I agreed to talk to Nea. Being that the unknown was like a rare treasure for Nea, I could be stuck as her prisoner my whole life just talking about the world I came from.

I have to avoid that at all costs!

“Is there no other way?” I asked.

“Why would you bother? Play nice and I’ll let you go in no time. Isn’t that what you want?”

I said nothing.

“I’m not hearing an answer.”

Nea took a hold of my collar and pulled me closer. Because of the difference in our heights, she was still looking up at me, but our faces were almost touching as we stared into each others’ eyes. She wasn’t trying to bewitch me, but I could feel her gaze searching for something inside of me, and I could not look away.

“Once I’ve heard all about what you so clearly want to hide,” she said with a giggle, “then I’ll give you back your consciousness, and we can enjoy a cup of tea.”

We stayed there staring at each other for what felt like a surprisingly long time, but it was perhaps just a few seconds. I didn’t know. But when she was done, Nea gave a charming smile. It spread across her face as she moved around behind me. It was exactly what happened in the stories when the vampire was just about to sink its teeth into its prey.

“No, you don’t!” I spat.

I strained with my right hand and heard a creaking sound as pain shot through me like an electric shock. I grunted and ignored it. I healed my pain and continued to struggle. A shot of pain followed by healing, over and over, and little by little, I felt the binds on my right arm grow weak—they were fracturing and starting to break.

“There we go!”

I wasn’t completely mobile yet, but I had enough range of movement that I thrust my hand up and stopped Nea from biting my neck. Her fangs instead sunk into the back of my hand. Blood flowed from the wound, but I didn’t notice any change in my body.

It looks like she has to get the neck if she wants to control somebody.

“Fwhat?! Fow?!” fumbled Nea, her fangs still stuck in my hand.

“I’m not so generous that I’ll just let you at my neck!”

Nea leaped backward and created a little space between us.

I wasn’t sure if I’d be able to force my way out of these sorcery binds, but I figured it was worth a shot, and sure enough, I freed both my legs just like I did my right arm.

“Looks like all that hard work I put into training really is paying off,” I uttered.

“Did you just force your way out . . .? Are you serious?! Are you some kind of monster?!”

How rude!

“I’m a human!”

Blood dripped from Nea’s mouth as she stood there dumbfounded, watching me run to Aruku. The binding hex was still activated, but I could at least move my legs somewhat, which meant I had options. The first order of business was getting a hold of Aruku and making a break for it.

“I won’t let you get away that easily! After him!” cried Nea.

Before I could get to Aruku, the villagers pounced on me. I couldn’t move well enough in my current state to fight back or even evade their attacks, so I gritted my teeth, charged into them, and dragged them all behind me as I worked my way toward Aruku.

“This is stupid! Just how insanely strong are you?!” Nea shouted.

“Ha. You think that this is enough to slow me down?”

I’m on the rescue team. This much weight is just another day at the office!

“That said, any more might be a little too much . . .” I muttered.

Just as I reached him, Aruku began to rise to his feet.

“Aruku!” I said. “You’re awake! Will you give me a hand?”

Aruku said nothing.

“Oh. Wait, don’t tell me—you’re being controlled now?”

In response, Aruku tackled me to the ground.

“Not good, not good, not good!” I cried.

If Aruku had fallen into Nea’s hands, we wouldn’t be able to escape this place so easily. More to the point, I wouldn’t even be able to escape the situation I was stuck in.

“Zombies!” commanded Nea. “Stop him in his tracks!”

I heard lumbering, shuffling footsteps exit from the manor doors. I looked over and saw countless zombies trudging toward us.

“Ugh,” I muttered.

If those zombies got a hold of me, I’d be trapped.

It’s all over.

But as soon as the word crossed my mind, a beastly roar filled the air. Nea was confused, but I knew exactly what it was.

“You finally made it!” I shouted.

With Aruku and I both unable to move, he was the only one with the strength to do anything. Amako knew it, and so when she’d disappeared, she’d run off to call for his help.

The footsteps drew nearer, and I knew what I had to say.

“Take them all down! Me included!”

A huge roar of a reply echoed around us as the blue grizzly, Blurin, appeared. On his back, riding him, was Amako. Blurin must have understood what I’d shouted because he didn’t stop for an instant and plowed into all of us—the villagers, Aruku, and me—and we went flying.

“Blurin, grab Usato!” cried Amako.

Blurin roared and ran underneath me, cushioning my fall. I landed face down and immediately looked up to express my thanks.

“Great job, partner! Amako, thank you!”

Blurin grunted as if to say, “You got it.” I even thought I saw a smile on the grizzly’s face.

“Usato, let’s get out of here.”

“But . . .”

I stopped myself from saying anything else. We couldn’t save Aruku the way things were. Amako already knew this, and I could see her trying to keep her feelings under control by biting her lip.

“Nea!” I shouted, craning my neck around to look at her.

The vampiric necromancer was staring at us in a dumbfounded silence.

“Tomorrow night, I’m coming back for my friend,” I declared, “so you can have him for now!”

Nea glared at me as Blurin carried us away. I looked over at the manor as it faded in the distance.

“We’ll be back for you Aruku, I promise!”

The village had fallen under the control of a necromancer. But it was no longer really a village—that was merely a front. In truth, the place was now simply a way for Nea to indulge in her obsession with acquiring knowledge.

Now it was up to us to fight her—a fearsome enemy with the powers of both a necromancer and a vampire.





Chapter 6: A Brief Moment of Respite!





We fled Nea’s manor and hid in the nearby forest. With the villagers under Nea’s control, the forest was the safest place for us. If we’d gone back to the village, we’d have only made ourselves clear targets.

Even though my healing punch was a nonlethal option, the villagers were innocent victims, and I didn’t want to hurt them if I could avoid it. Also, when I’d been carried away on Blurin’s back, I was still bound by Nea’s hex.

I’d now seen firsthand how powerful sorcery was—I’d freed my right arm and both of my legs, but even then, I couldn’t move the way I was used to. I knew there was no way I was going to be able to rescue Aruku in that state, so we opted to rest in the depths of the forest. I’d been exhausted from trying to negotiate with Nea, and more importantly, I’d pushed my body to its limits when I’d broken that hex.

“Morning already,” I mumbled.

When I opened my eyes, the first thing I saw was a lazy, drooling Blurin. I felt unusually cozy. A quick look revealed that I’d been using Blurin as a pillow when I’d fallen asleep.

I instinctively reached out to push Blurin’s head away with my left hand, then remembered the previous evening and instead gave the grizzly a gentle pat.

“I owe you one, buddy,” I said.

The grizzly let out a pleasant moan. It made me happy.

Wait a sec, my left arm is . . .?

“I can move it again,” I exclaimed.

The magical seals that had bound me last night were gone. Was it possible that the binding hex had a time limit of some kind? I’d assumed that sorcery was something that persisted permanently, but I was glad and relieved to find that I was wrong. This, at least, meant I wouldn’t have to spend time breaking free of them all.

I stood up and stretched to get a feel for my body. I found that I was in good shape. Nothing happened to me outside of the hex. In fact, I felt really well rested and, on top of that, like I’d gotten stronger somehow.

“No way,” I said, laughing. “Are you telling me that Nea’s binding hex helped me to . . . work out?”

I didn’t like having my movements completely locked down, but I did have to admit that hexes were a surprisingly good workout.

“Anyway,” I muttered to myself, “where’s Amako?”

She’d come with us to the forest, but was it possible that she’d returned to the village by herself? No, she’d traveled a long way all on her own, and she was smarter than that. When it came to sensing the threat of danger, she was leagues above me. With that in mind, I leaned back against Blurin and waited for her to return.

Some ten minutes later Amako appeared from out of the nearby bushes. There were leaves in her hair, but she seemed otherwise fine.

“Can you move?” she asked.

“No need to worry about that,” I said, swinging my arms around energetically. “As you can see, I’m doing great.”

Amako looked relieved and opened her cloak, which she’d been using as a kind of makeshift bag. Inside of it was a collection of apple-like fruits, lots of them. Amako held one out to me.

“You’re hungry, right?” she said.

“Wow! Thanks!” I replied.

I trusted that if Amako had found the fruit herself, they were fine to eat. I took the fruit in hand and cleaned it on my rescue team uniform before taking a bite. It filled my mouth with a unique fruity sweetness and acidity.

“This is good,” I remarked.

Amako watched my reaction, then picked up a fruit of her own and took a bite.

“I figure if you can eat them without issue, then so can I.”

“You really just used me as a poison check, didn’t you?”

“Only because I trust you so completely.”

But this is what I get for trusting you? You do understand that even with my healing magic, I still feel pain, right? Right?

I grumbled as I sat back down. Amako put a fruit in front of Blurin, then took a seat next to me.

“So, how are we going to save Aruku?” she asked.

“The zombies and the villagers are under Nea’s control, but they’re not anything for us to worry about,” I said. “The real problem is Nea and her sorcery.”

“Putting the sorcery aside,” Amako said, “are Nea’s innate monster abilities really all that much of an issue?”

Amako’s question reminded me that she wasn’t there when Nea revealed what she really was.

“She’s a bit of a unique case . . .” I started.

I went on to explain to Amako exactly what Nea was. When I was done, Amako’s face twisted with consternation.

“The child of a necromancer and a vampire? That’s beyond even anything I could have imagined . . .” she uttered.

“Right?” I said, nodding.

I mean, talk about a surprise twist. Nea had literally been acting like a young village maiden for over two hundred years. Her teary-eyed words and her gratitude were all an act. All of it was part of her scheme. Even though I knew that, it still astonished me.

“She toyed with my feelings . . .” I muttered.

Amako said nothing in reply, but I could feel her icy gaze upon me. I pushed the thoughts away and put my focus back on Nea’s abilities.

“The biggest issue now is that we don’t know how hard Nea can fight,” I said.

All we knew for certain was that her necromantic abilities let her raise and control the dead, and that her vampiric abilities let her suck people’s blood and control them. Also, she could charm people by looking into their eyes, and she knew sorcery.

“That binding hex she trapped me with was tough, even for me,” I admitted. “I think Blurin is probably just strong enough to deal with it, but you might find yourself completely unable to move if you’re not careful.”

“Yeah, I’ll have to be on guard.”

“However, there are certain conditions that have to be met for sorcery hexes to work. Nea didn’t say it herself, but I’m pretty sure she has to touch the targets before she can cast a hex on them.”

There was no other reason for her to have hugged me like she did before we left the village. And that meant that everything before the hug was carefully planned so that we’d let our guards down.

Fortunately, that made things very simple. The key was to not get touched. As long as I was in good condition, I could handle whatever villagers or zombies Nea tried to throw at me.

Still, there was one big problem—it was very possible that Nea knew more hexes than just the binding one she had cast. Seeing as she’d lived for two centuries, it wouldn’t be surprising if she’d learned to master at least one or two more hexes.

“We don’t know what other sorcery she can use,” I said. “But we’ll never save Aruku if we let that stop us. Unfortunately, given Aruku’s current state . . .”

“Under Nea’s control, he might become our enemy.”

“Yeah.”

Aruku was now Nea’s puppet. If the villagers were doing her bidding, then Aruku would be no different. I had to consider the worst-case scenario—that I might have to face off against Aruku, and he’d be going all out.

Wait a second. Aruku has been bitten, and now he’s under Nea’s control. But would she use him purely as a tool for battle? No. The first thing she’d do is go through his memories.

“Oh no . . .” I muttered.

“What?” asked Amako.

“Nea knows all about the both of us,” I said.

She’d know that I was a human, summoned from another world, and she’d know that Amako was a beastkin with a very special magic. I had no idea what Nea would do with that information, but I knew one thing for sure—there was no way that Nea was going to give up and let us go now.

I heaved a great sigh. If Nea thought that I was just an unusually strong healer, then she wouldn’t think I was all that valuable. Now that she knew I was from another world, however, she would probably do anything to catch me. This made things infinitely more troublesome.

“Well, nothing we can do about it now,” I said, taking another fruit and biting into it.

All we could do was rest up and make sure we were as ready as possible.

“Oh, right,” I said, suddenly remembering something.

It was the notebook in my rescue team coat. The one I’d taken from the manor. I reached into my pocket and pulled out the battered notebook. Amako’s head tilted quizzically at the sight.

“What’s that?” she asked.

“It’s about the last generation’s hero,” I said, “I think.”

I still hadn’t taken a good look inside, so I couldn’t be sure if it truly was about the hero. I didn’t want to admit it, but it was possible that I’d never have another chance to read what was in this notebook, so I decided to look through it now.





I must make sure, first of all, that he does not find out about this record of his person. Should he discover my writings, he will most certainly dispose of them immediately. That is simply the extent to which he does not want himself known.

He refuses to let his weaknesses show.

Why?

The answer is simple—he has been made to believe only in strength and power. There is no meaning to anything else. If he is weak, none will need him, and he will be abandoned. Thrown away. As such, he shows not a single moment of weakness to anyone, and he continues to exude only power. He has never revealed his feelings, not even to me, his companion.

I regret that I did not try harder to know him better. To grow closer to him.

But my regret comes far too late, for his heart has already frozen completely.



His record of achievements is measured by the number of lives he has taken. He is praised for the vast number of corpses he has left in his wake, but for him this is a suffering beyond anything one can even imagine.

However, I have observed him all this time. I feel it is my duty to record what happened to him, so that the world will someday come to understand that he was vastly misunderstood.

The humans summoned one from another world to use them as a tool. The demi-humans were in need of a savior to revere. Neither is very different from the other, as far as I am concerned. Both of them placed everything on the shoulders of one individual, an individual who was entirely alone, with no friends, and none to understand him. Alone with no family, no home, and no place to go back to.

The humans and the demi-humans will both call him a hero, of that I am sure. But if someone is to read this text aside from myself, then I hope that at least you understand the truth. There is no mythical “hero”. There is no human who does not fear death. The hero is a false idol, created by others.

And however powerful he becomes, he is still just a man.

A man with far too much placed on his shoulders.

You see, it does not matter if he parts the seas, or levels mountains, or kills dragons—he will always, at his heart, be human. And that is why I must leave this text for future generations—so that he does not go down as simply a hero, and so that I do not forget this regret in my heart.

What is written here is the record of a human, not a hero, and the sins we were to pay for in the far, far future.



I shut the notebook.

“That was not what I was expecting . . .” I muttered. “That was so, so dark . . .”

The notebook was so far from what I’d thought it would be that I couldn’t even properly describe what I’d just read. When I flipped through the rest of the book, it was all about the hero’s mental state and the tasks he had accomplished. I didn’t know who wrote it, but clearly the writer was someone close to the hero himself.

“It seems like the last generation’s hero also stood up against the Demon Lord, but the situation then was completely different to what it is now,” I said.

From the parts of the notebook that I could still read, the old Demon Lord’s army got up to some really horrendous stuff. Unlike now, when they simply threw themselves at us in a full-frontal assault, back then they launched surprise attacks and assaults from blind spots. They also captured humans to use as sources of magic power and brainwashed people.

“Whoa,” I uttered. “It wasn’t just villages but whole nations that betrayed the hero. That’s unbearably unfair.”

Were the old Demon Lord and the present Demon Lord really the same person? Based on this book, the difference felt like night and day.

Through it all, however, and no matter the schemes, the hero overcame it all. All the stories on their own were like the legend of a great hero, but there was no joy in the way the notebook told its story—if anything, it felt like a tragedy. It was as if the author pitied the hero.

“Things were so rough back then . . .” I muttered.

As someone living in the present, there wasn’t much more I could do than feel sympathetic. Even though I understood them, I couldn’t change the circumstances he was in.

“The demi-humans, they adored the hero,” I said.

“That’s what it seems like,” replied Amako, “but I don’t know much about it. Back at home, my people hate humans, but I’ve never heard anyone say that they hate the hero. For us beastkin, the hero is considered someone truly special, even now.”

I took another look through the notebook. I couldn’t tell from this alone what the hero had done for demi-humans, but perhaps it was something so great that they revered him for it.

“Hm?”

That was when I noticed a small note stuck in between pages of the notebook. There was a hand-drawn illustration. There was some text, too, but I could barely read it.

“Is it an alligator? Or maybe a lizard? Oh, wait. It’s got wings,” I said.

The creature on the note had a wide mouth that stretched as far as its cheeks, and flames spewed from its mouth. Wings sprouted from its back as sharp as blades. It wasn’t a particularly well-drawn image, but it was creepy all the same. The note stuck in the page was written by someone else—probably Nea who had deciphered the text.





There was nothing else you could call it but a calamity. Its breath rotted anything and everything. Its claws split the earth, and its tail leveled mountains.

It was a monster, a dragon of pure evil.

When it passed through forests, the greenery eroded, and all living creatures were devoured. When it passed through nations, the water went putrid, and all the citizens were killed without reason.

The black dragon committed any and all atrocities for the sheer joy of it.



However, the creature was felled by the hero. Their battleground was Samariarl. The dragon had appeared before the hero, and with its destruction and poison seeping into ground, it attacked him.

The notebook describes the hero’s magical power as absolute, but even his powerful spells were useless against the dragon’s thick scales. Their battle was waged for a full three days and nights.

I did not get to see it myself, but I did get to see the hero land the finishing blow. He leaped into the dragon’s mouth and plunged his short sword into the beast’s heart with everything he had, killing it. Although, to use the hero’s words, he merely “locked it away”.

According to the man himself, he said he could not, at present, completely slay the dragon. Even with its heart pierced, and even when it was no longer breathing, the dragon would not fully disappear. The particles of what it was would remain in its body, where it would continue to exist. A truly horrifying thought.

Is it that the dragon is a truly dangerous creature, as the hero himself said? Or is it that the hero himself is on an entirely different plain of existence, having contained the dragon’s powers? I cannot tell.

In the center of their battleground, strewn with debris, I stood staring up at the lifeless dragon. I felt a sudden whisper of fear in my heart—a foolish thought that voiced itself in my mind:

Was it that he could not kill the dragon, or that he simply did not kill it?

I mustered enough courage to ask this directly, but the hero gave me nothing in the way of a reply. Even now, I cannot comprehend exactly what his silence conveyed.



A dragon of pure evil.

Now, I knew about dragons from fantasy novels and the like, but I really didn’t want one of them turning up right in front of our eyes. Especially considering that, if the notebook was telling the truth, I probably couldn’t handle this dragon myself. Against a foe like that, I’d probably need senpai and Kazuki fighting alongside me.

The thought made me realize that the past hero—who took the dragon out alone—really was extraordinary. He was so powerful it was like he was cheating, or he’d hacked the system. It seemed like there was always someone like that in stories like this.

“Why did Nea spend so much time on this?” I wondered aloud.

I didn’t know her all that well, but I couldn’t help wondering why she’d put so much effort into deciphering this particular section of the notebook. Perhaps it just caught her fancy for some reason or another. Perhaps it didn’t even matter.

“Usato,” said Amako suddenly.

“What’s up?”

I closed the notebook and turned to Amako, whose face was clouded with worry.

“You remember that big hall we found in that manor last night?” she asked.

I had to assume she was talking about the third floor where I jumped off the balcony.

“I do,” I replied. “What about it?”

“The moment I saw it, it struck me. It felt the same as the place I saw in my dream.”

Well, that’s going to add an element of anxiety to our rescue plan.

“But it might be different,” continued Amako. “In my dream, the room was all busted up . . . but it couldn’t see it clearly”

That explained why Amako reacted the way she did when she saw the room. She probably didn’t tell me because we were looking for the necromancer at the time and she didn’t want to complicate things.

What a weird time to think of being considerate, though.

“Does that mean that Nea is the one who stabs me?” I asked.

“Probably.”

Then it’s decided. As soon as I see the girl, I’m knocking her out cold with a healing punch.

“I know you said that everything would be fine because you’ve got healing magic,” said Amako, her eyes downcast, “but Nea can use sorcery. If you get cursed . . .”

A curse, huh? I hadn’t even really considered the possibility. But when I thought about how easily I fell into Nea’s trap yesterday, I could see why Amako was so worried. At the same time, we’d never get anywhere if we let our fear get the better of us. Yeah, some hesitation was a necessity in times of danger, but with Aruku taken prisoner, we had no other choice but to head out there and save him.

“I’m not going to go down because of some curse. You know that, right?” I said with a reassuring smile. “I found my way out of the last one with brute strength, didn’t I? You’ve got nothing to worry about.”

“But I am worried . . . because you’re inhuman. You’re the kind of weirdo who doesn’t even blink when it comes to doing the type of thing an ordinary person would never think of, but at the same time, you’re still kind of a human yourself, too.”

“How about I give you a little something to worry about right now?”

I can’t believe she can say that kind of thing with such a worried look on her face!

I let out a sigh and leaned back against the sleeping Blurin.

“You’re letting your premonitions get the better of you,” I said.

“But . . . they’re never wrong.”

“But you only see them one way,” I replied. “Yes, it’s true that you see a definite and unshakeable future, but you only see that future from your point of view.”

I wasn’t telling Amako she was wrong—I just wanted her to know that she didn’t have to be so pessimistic.

“You might have seen drops of blood dripping to the floor, but you didn’t actually see me get stabbed, right? For all we know, the blood you saw might be from the person who tries to stab me. That same person had their back against the wall and were hidden by my body, so you couldn’t see them, yeah? What I’m trying to say is, based on what you’ve seen, there’s a whole range of possibilities for what could happen.”

“Really?”

“For starters, a simple short sword attack is something I can dodge. And even if I can’t, I’ll use my arm against it. I’m confident it’ll break.”

As long as I could see the sword coming, I’d dodge it. As for whether it was the sword or my arm that would break, I left that part vague. In any case, given my strength and my eyesight, I’d be able to defend myself. I could heal my wounds and my exhaustion with my magic, and I’d be more than able to react even if I was taken off guard—after all, I’d trained to respond to the blistering pace of Rose’s fists.

“But Usato, you might get stabbed,” said Amako.

“That’s true. But you just said it yourself. Might get stabbed. Not will get stabbed. So there’s still a ray of hope, right?”

“You . . . call that hope?”

I shot the sulking Amako a smile. I could see why she was worried; I really could. It couldn’t be easy being the only one who could see the future.

“Look, you’re not alone,” I said. “You don’t have to carry your burden all by yourself.”

Amako looked up at me, surprise flashing across her face.

“Huh . . .?” she uttered.

I could tell by the way Amako talked that the future she saw was not always the future she wanted. It was also unwavering, which brought about a sense of powerlessness. I could only imagine how it felt for her, wrapped up in that feeling back when she was in the Llinger Kingdom.

But she wasn’t alone anymore. She had us.

“Trust me,” I said, “just like I trust you.”

“You mean . . . it’s really going to be okay?”

“Of course.”

I admit I felt a tinge of regret for saying something so embarrassing out loud, but Amako simply nodded.

“Okay then,” she said. “Then I’ll try to trust you . . . more.”

I liked what I heard, and I nodded.

Just then, Amako stood up with a serious look on her face.

“When we go to rescue Aruku, let’s . . . do that thing you suggested.”

“Uh . . . that thing?”

“Ugh. It was your idea! How did you forget?”

I felt like I’d lost Amako’s trust in a single instant. With her icy cold gaze locked on me, I crossed my arms and dropped into thought. What did she mean by “that thing”? It must have been some kind of strategy or tactic.

“You mean a diversion?” I asked.

“No! I mean me . . . and you . . . together . . .”

Amako’s cheeks flushed red. Her lips twisted into an awkward cringe. But, finally, I understood what she was trying to say. She was talking about the unstoppable combo idea I’d brought up before we left for the manor.

“Aha,” I said. “That thing. You realize I said that as a joke, right?”

The disappointment in Amako’s face was loud and clear.

“That was a joke?”

I’d said it as a joke, but conceptually it really was the ultimate combo. But, in order for the whole thing to work, Amako had to be on board with it.

“It was. But now things are different. After what happened yesterday, it’s not a bad strategy at all. That is, if you’re okay with it.”

“I want to save Aruku,” said Amako. “And also . . . I made up my mind to trust you.”

“Awesome.”

We were all set. With Amako and I working in tandem, we’d get to Nea in no time flat. We also had Blurin with us now. I’d be making sure his claws went to work.

The plan was set. We’d put it into action that very night.

The only thing left to worry about was how Nea would approach us now that she knew all about us.





* * *





“Hm? Where is it?”

I went through all the books in the study, but I couldn’t find it. I knew that Usato and Amako had been here last night . . . when I checked to make sure that everything was where it was supposed to be, I realized that a notebook had gone missing.

Casting that hex to bind Usato had exhausted me. I was so depleted of magic power that I collapsed and fell sleep. Because of that, I’d forgotten to turn the lights off in the study before I left.

“I just never thought things would be this much trouble,” I muttered.

I poked my head up from all the books, tidied my messy hair, and gave up on looking for the notebook.

“Damn it, there are so few remaining records of the hero,” I said to myself. “Is it possible that they took the notebook? But to any ordinary human, it’s no different from any other worn-out old notebook. Ugh. There are still things I wanted to research in that book!”

I sat back in my comfy and well-used chair and dropped into thought.

Why would Usato and the girl take the notebook?

“Were they just curious? Was it the girl? They could have sold the sorcery books for a good price, but they didn’t take those. Instead, they took the notebook. It’s not even clear that the thing has any historical value on the face of it.”

Or was there, perhaps, something specific about the notebook that drew Usato’s interest? The hero was revered by the people, after all.

The hero had stood against the Demon Lord and his forces all on his own. I’d heard that some nations worshiped him fanatically, but I knew that the Llinger Kingdom was not among them.

“He doesn’t strike me as the fanatical type,” I mused. “I don’t think that would interest him. The girl, Amako? Maybe. I can’t tell what that girl is thinking.”

She was unlike any beastkin I’d met. No ordinary beastkin would want to be around humans.

“Whatever the case, they still took the notebook.”

And fortunately for me, I had a way of finding out exactly why they took it with them. I leaned back and relaxed against the chair’s armrests and spoke to the man behind me.

“What do you think?”

There was no response. I looked at Aruku, standing in front of the study door with his blank gaze, and I laughed happily. With Aruku under my control, I could do whatever I wanted with him, and that included learning about where he came from, everything he’d done, and all of his relationships.

I would have preferred talking to him while he was conscious, but after observing him and the others in the village, I knew that Aruku would never betray his friends—he was too strong of heart for that. He was the type of person other people often liked, but to me, a monster, he was just really annoying.

“Why do you think Usato would be interested in a book about the hero?” I asked, my voice pushing for an answer.

A moment later, Aruku responded in a toneless voice.

“Sir Usato has ties to the heroes.”

“Huh?”

Aruku’s answer took me completely by surprise. I slid out of my chair in amazement and, in doing so, knocked over a huge pile of books.

Ties to the heroes? What does that mean? That is so very intriguing.

“What do you mean? You’re not saying he’s an impostor, are you?”

I could hear my own voice trembling as I spoke.

Aruku shook his head. I felt joy and incredulity wash over me. I struggled to keep my growing excitement under control.

“Give me more details . . . oh, wait. Scratch that! Tell me more about Amako.”

First, I’d ask about the beastkin, then I’d find out more about Usato. Even after everything I’d learned over two hundred years, I had a feeling that Usato’s story was going to overwhelm me. So, I’d start with that unusual beastkin, Amako.

“Miss Amako is a beastkin,” started Aruku.

“Yes, yes, I already know that. Get to the good stuff.”

“She traveled to the Llinger Kingdom in order to save her mother in the Beastlands.”

“Oh, her mother, huh?”

My own mother was a long distant memory. She was a necromancer. She’d been killed by humans well before I’d had the chance to know her. The same was true of my father, the vampire. But this wasn’t to say that I begrudged humans at all—if anything, my parents were guilty of the kind of evil deeds that invite vengeance.

But that aside, I was a little impressed to hear that Amako had traveled from the Beastlands to Llinger.

But only a little.

“Her magic . . .” uttered Aruku.

“It’s a sensory magic, right?” I said.

“It is not. They lied to you about it.”

“I treated you all so well, and you still didn’t trust me?”

Then again, I was all about deceiving them from the moment we met, so it wasn’t like I could talk. But I didn’t sense that they knew what I was up to, which meant perhaps they had some other reason to be careful.

“Then what magic does Amako wield?” I asked.

“She has a precognitive vision that allows her to see the future.”

“You’re joking.”

But even when I pushed him on it, Aruku’s expressionless answer never changed. Precognitive vision was exceptionally rare and only manifested in an extremely small number of beastkin. Anyone with such magic was considered hugely valuable to the citizens of the Beastlands. Beastkin with precognitive vision were called “time readers”.

“This is all too much,” I muttered.

A person with ties to the heroes and a time reader? What the heck kind of a duo is that? It’s not normal, that’s for sure. And if the beastkin girl wanted to be with Usato, then what did that make him? There’s absolutely no way in the world that he’s just an ordinary healer!

“Who are all of you . . . wait. What is Usato?” I asked, my voice quivering as I asked a long lingering question. “Is he human?”

“Sir Usato is . . .” said Aruku.

If he really was a person with ties to the hero, then he was exactly what I wanted to help me to pass the time here. I had a feeling I knew what was coming, but I listened carefully to Aruku’s next words.

“Sir Usato is a human who came here from another world, together with the heroes.”

At first, I didn’t completely understand what Aruku had just said. But slowly, a potential answer rose to my mind.

“Summoning . . . heroes,” I uttered.

It was a transportation magic that allowed for those with heroic qualities to be brought from other worlds. Or, more accurately, a magical ceremony.

That’s what Aruku must have been talking about.

“Oh my,” I sang.

What a most wonderful and fresh source of information.

Nothing I had ever encountered in my entire life could equal the curiosity that welled in me now. I finally understood exactly why it was that Usato had so stubbornly refused to open up to me, too.

“You were wise to stay silent, Usato,” I said. “There is no way I am going to let a story like that slip through my grasp.”

And now that I knew, I was not going to let him go. I would keep him here like a treasured artifact. His was an entirely different world to the one that I had lived in for two hundred years—a mystery that I could not even imagine.

At first, I’d merely been curious about him. I’d thought him little more than a potential puppet I could use to help kill some time. But after our first meeting, I’d grown intrigued, and now, I was obsessed.

“Tell me everything,” I said.

“Very well . . .”

Aruku told me about Usato being summoned with the two heroes. He told me about the rescue team that Usato joined, and the harsh training he endured. He told me about the blue grizzly, Blurin, and their bond of trust that did not include a familiar contract. He told me all about the lives that Usato saved when he joined the battle against the Demon Lord’s forces and how Usato had brought down the lynch-pin of the Demon Lord’s offense.

The more I heard, the more I wanted him. He was interesting solely for being a person from another world, and yet his adventures since his arrival here were beyond engrossing. I couldn’t believe that it had all taken place within a single year.

“You know, I did think it was weird, leaving such important letters in the hands of a healer. Even if the healer was strong, it still didn’t make sense. But now all the pieces fit. Usato is entirely capable of such a duty!”

He was a hero himself, who had run circles around the Demon Lord’s army. He’d been summoned from another world and was far from any ordinary human. Anyone who could become as strong as he had with only healing magic was undoubtedly heroic.

“I. Am. So. Going to have him! But the zombies and the villagers won’t be nearly enough. Hey, Aruku—does Usato use any special magic?”

“Sir Usato’s main weapon is his pure physicality. Healing magic is simply the way he built his body. The only person that could surpass him in terms of physical abilities, as far as I am aware, is his teacher.”

“Wow. Now that is something!”

I had to admit that when I came back to the manor and found a zombie with its arms and legs completely mangled, I was honestly bewildered. I didn’t know what kind of monster would do something so clearly painful to its prey.

But now I knew that it was the work of Usato. And if he could silence a zombie before it could even make a sound, then he’d take out a human opponent in mere seconds.

I knew that I could cast a binding hex like I had the previous evening, but when I thought about everything that happened when we last faced off, I didn’t think Usato would fall for the same trick a second time. My sorcery wasn’t good for battle, and there was no way I’d be able to compete with such monstrous physical strength head on.

“Seeing as my charms were completely ineffective, I have to assume that his mental strength is just as stupidly strong.”

The truth of the matter was I’d never encountered anyone who could resist my charms before. I’d prepared myself for utter embarrassment as I launched into a full hug on the guy, but it honestly surprised me to discover that even then my charm was useless.

All of this left me with a pressing question: just what could I do to capture him?

After some time lost in thought, the answer simply drifted to the forefront of my mind.

“Ah, yes. I’ll use that.”

The manor was still home to one piece of my deceased father’s collection. That was the very reason I had been researching the notebook about the hero. I felt eagerly impatient, but I kept the feeling under wraps as I left the study and dashed down the stairs to the door that led to the basement. The light of the sun shone upon it ominously as I threw the door open.

“I never thought I’d use you,” I said, “but now I’m up against the kind of monster I’ll never catch without you.”

I dropped down into the basement and looked up as the sun shone down upon the creature. If zombies and humans and monsters wouldn’t do, then perhaps this would . . .

“Oh yes,” I sang.

Its huge body reached up to the ceiling. Its mouth had been ripped open, its right eye had been gouged out, and its wings were cut to pieces. It was a corpse with only one eye and one wing, and it stood silently before me.





Chapter 7: Healing Magic Versus Fire Magic!





When night fell, Blurin and I got to a point halfway between the village and the manor. That was where we started warming up. We had to be ready for a rough night—this was both our assault on Nea and our Aruku rescue mission.

“Blurin,” I said. “We’ll be surrounded by enemies, both outside the manor and inside of it. Be ready.”

The grizzly let out a growl in reply that meant don’t sweat it.

I was confident Blurin could handle himself. I’d need him in shape—the grizzly would be handling any zombies we found roaming outside of the manor.

“Usato, I found the villagers,” said Amako, who’d just come back from a scouting trip.

“What are we looking at?”

Amako’s answer here would determine whether we’d be able to go all out.

“Everyone’s at the village,” she said. “It looks to me like Nea doesn’t want to get the villagers involved.”

“Which means she plans to take us on with just Aruku and her zombies. I wonder if she thinks that it’s enough, or if she’s hiding an ace up her sleeve . . . something so strong that she doesn’t even need to use the villagers as hostages.”

Whatever the case, we still had to head out to rescue Aruku, no matter what. And at least with the villagers clear, we could raise hell while we did it.

“Our horse is just fine,” said Amako, “and I think all of our baggage is at Tetra’s place, just like we left it. Oh, and I brought this.”

Amako held out a long strip of cloth. It was frayed in places, which made me think that perhaps it was once a curtain. I took it in hand, and then looked Amako in the eyes.

“You’re sure about this?” I asked. “It could get pretty rough out there.”

“I want to save Aruku too,” she replied. “You can go as crazy as you want—I’m totally used to it now.”

There was a strength in Amako’s eyes. She had far more grit than the girl who had shrieked when we’d jumped from the third floor balcony the previous evening. I nodded, then turned away from Amako and kneeled down. Amako put her arms around my neck and jumped on my back. Once I was sure that her legs were wrapped around my torso, I stood to my feet.

“This is going to be easier than I thought,” I said.

This was our strategy: Amako’s precognitive vision combined with my speed and strength. As long as we could work together as a team, we’d be able to overcome almost any attack that was thrown at us.

“Alright, let’s get you locked in place,” I said.

I used the cloth that Amako had just given me to secure her against my back. She was light. I wasn’t going to have to worry about a heavy load.

“Amako, is it tight or uncomfortable anywhere?” I asked.

“What do you think, Usato?” she asked back.

What do I think? What does that mean? Oh, now I get it.

“Amako, you’ve got about three years to go before you have to worry about bust si—gah!”

I felt Amako’s arms lock around my neck and start choking me.

“Ngh! Wait!” I spat.

The blood drained from my face as I tapped Amako’s arm as a sign of surrender, which seemed to satisfy her.

“I’ll put you out next time,” she said, releasing her grip.

Amako’s voice sent a shiver down my spine.

“Huh? Uh, yes ma’am,” I said, my voice quivering as I fought to get my breath back.

What was that? All of a sudden, she wields my own life over me?

The pressure emanating from my back forced me into a cold sweat. I put my attention on Blurin in an attempt to shrug it off.

“Blurin, you good to go?” I asked.

The grizzly’s body shook as it roared in the affirmative. Blurin was all set.





“Amako, you just focus on the future. As long as I’m here, no attack will hit us, and nothing’s going to stop us.”

“Got it. I trust you.”

Then let’s do this.

Blurin and I turned toward the manor. The plan was simple—take Nea out hard and fast and release Aruku and the zombies. As for releasing the villagers . . . well, I still had some questions, and I couldn’t say for certain whether we could help them. I didn’t know why Nea had lived her life as a villager, pretending to be Tetra’s daughter, but that didn’t matter. First, we would make her give us our friend back.

“Let’s get to it!” I shouted.

Blurin roared in reply. I felt Amako’s grip on me tighten as I broke into a sprint.





* * *





We came within sight of the outline of the manor in no time at all. The only lights on in the manor were on the third floor. I knew that Nea would be waiting for us there.

“I just knew there were going to be zombies!” I said.

Some twenty or thirty zombies surrounded the manor, but they weren’t my concern—they’d be facing a different opponent.

“Blurin! They’re all yours!”

The grizzly broke out in front of me with a roar, plowing into the zombies that tried to block our path. The impact would have been enough to cause serious injury if it were living creatures we were up against, but zombies would get up and keep on moving even if their bones were crushed and broken.

“You’re on your own from here, Blurin!” I shouted.

Amako and I didn’t have time to take on each and every zombie, so we left Blurin with the area outside of the manor and burst in through the front doors.

“Don’t think we’re going to be polite enough to knock, Nea!” I shouted as I kicked down the doors, which surprisingly had been neatly repaired.

The zombies that had been waiting to ambush us were sent flying.

“Three to the right, one to the left, and three on the stairs,” said Amako. “You’ve got this, Usato.”

“You bet. Coming through!”

As I listened to Amako’s instructions, I sent my fists flying at the four zombies coming our way and launched them right through the manor walls. It was a piece of cake when I knew exactly where they were coming from.

“Head straight up the stairs,” said Amako.

As we raced upward, we saw the three zombies Amako had warned me of. I calmly took the arms of the zombie that was reaching out for me and swung it at the other two, knocking them all to the ground and rendering them useless.

“You’re all clear to head straight up, Usato,” said Amako. There’s nobody in front of the third-floor doors.”

I picked up speed and raced upward but stopped right in front of the doors to the hall.

“Usato,” said Amako, suddenly confused, “what are you—”

“Just a little something to let Nea know we’ve arrived,” I said, clenching my fists.

The girl takes control of my friend and tries to completely derail our journey? Of course, I’m going to be mad.

“You wanted us! You got us!” I bellowed. “You damned vampire shut-in!”

Then I launched my fist at the doors, which practically exploded because I wasn’t holding back in the slightest.

“So, you’re finally here,” said Nea, looking like the picture of calm until she realized a door was flying directly at her. “What the?! Are you crazy?!”

She quickly dropped to the floor as the flying door collided with one of the hall’s windows, leaving a gaping hole behind it.

“Huh? What? What are you doing to my manor?!” Nea cried. “Do you have any idea how hard this place is to mend?! How about considering that before you make your entrance?!”

“Like I even give a damn!” I retorted. “I don’t have time to care about the state of your manor! Now stay still while I knock you unconscious.”

“Eek!”

I ignored everything Nea said and launched at her. I was going to smack her in the head with a chop and put her straight out.

“Usato!” cried Amako, stopping me before I could close in completely.

Just at that moment, I felt something approaching at rapid speed, and leaped away from Nea. As I did so, a sword swung down right where I’d been standing. Attached to the dull, glimmering sword was a suit of heavy armor, and inside of it stood Aruku, his empty gaze glaring at us while Nea fought to get her breath back. He was protecting her.

“Jeez, that was a close one,” Nea muttered before bursting into giggles. “Well, looks like the tables have turned, don’t you think?”

She wore a supremely satisfied expression while she slid in behind her bodyguard and flashed us a daring grin. When I tried to move to find an opening, Aruku moved to block me.

Can’t afford to be careless.

“I guess you’re not going to let us through, huh, Aruku?” I asked.

No response. Even under her control, he was intent on defending what he was ordered to protect. For many long years, he had stood at the Llinger castle gates. I knew that getting by him was going to be anything but a simple task.

“Well, this sucks,” I muttered.

I heaved a great sigh and let my hands drop to my sides. I knew I wasn’t going to land anything on Nea now. Relief filled her face the moment she saw it happen, but her head tilted in confusion when she saw Amako strapped to my back.

“What is going on with the two of you . . .? Oh, that’s so she can focus on her magic, right?”

“So you did talk to Aruku.”

“Of course. And I know all about you too, Usato.”

It was exactly what I’d feared—Nea knew everything.

I just hope I can somehow take her out before things get any more troublesome.

“So I hear you came from another world?” asked Nea.

“Yep. I wasn’t born or raised here. I really didn’t want you to find out, but there’s nothing I can do about it now.”

I just had to man up and face things head on—that meant knocking out Aruku before I turned my attention to Nea.

“Amako, sorry, but . . . I’m going to need you to get down.”

“Got it.”

In a relatively confined space like this hall, fighting wouldn’t be easy for me with Amako on my back. There was also the fact that I didn’t know the true extent of Aruku’s fire magic abilities.

“Out of the frying pan, into the fire,” I muttered.

The first thing that sprang to mind when I thought of fire magic was the fight in Luqvist between Nack and Mina, and her burst magic. If Aruku was to fire off anything with that kind of wide strike range, I didn’t think Amako would get out of it unscathed, let alone me.

I let Amako down then raised my fists. Aruku stood silently with his sword at the ready.

“As you’ve probably guessed, I’m not going to hold back in the slightest,” said Nea. “I’ve heard all about your power, your durability, and all of your escapades. Aruku told me everything. So he’s going to fight you with everything he’s got. And I gave him a little help!”

“A little help?”

What in the world did Nea do to him? Or does she mean that ugly armor she put him in?

As far as I could tell, outside of his empty gaze and that set of armor, Aruku didn’t look any different.

So I guess the only way to find out is in the thick of things.

“Attack!” Nea shouted.

Aruku dropped his hips slightly at the sound of Nea’s voice, then sprang at me in a flash. His sword was covered in flames. I knew that he could easily slice almost anything in two given how sharp his blade was. Aruku launched a strike from up high, but I leaped backward as it came down at me. I jumped to safety as I wrapped my hands in healing magic.

“Ow! That’s hot!” I cried.

My healing magic was no use against zombies, but against a living opponent? That was a different story. I’d knock Aruku unconscious with a healing punch.

“I’ve got no other choice!” I spat.

But in order to land that punch, I had to evade Aruku’s sword and get in close enough to hit him. When I’d fought Halpha back in Luqvist, I’d been able to defend directly against his strikes because he fought me with a staff. Against a blade like this, however, any strike would cut right through me. This made things entirely different. The smallest of mistakes could cost me my life.

Just then, Aruku’s sword rose in an upward strike, almost brushing the tip of my nose. The heat of the fire caused me to break into a sweat.

“Whoa!” I cried, leaping backward. “If that hits me, we’re talking about more than just a simple burn!”

I knew that Nea wasn’t out to kill me, but it was pretty clear that anything less than that was fair game.

I can’t let this fight go on for too long . . .





“Sorry Aruku, but I’m going to have to hit you!”

I clenched my fist tight as Aruku swung a horizontal strike at me, then rushed in after it. I held out my right hand to block Aruku’s own right hand—which was wielding his sword—and as soon as I was in range, I launched a healing punch with my left hand straight at his chest.

“There!” I shouted.

I felt the impact of the punch in my hand. Even if he didn’t go out cold, I’d hit him hard enough to send him reeling to the floor. With him out of the game, all I’d have to deal with was Nea. That’s what I was thinking about when I suddenly noticed the strange magical seal appear where I’d hit Aruku in the chest.

“What the?!”

It looked awfully similar to the patterns I’d seen when I was bound. It flickered from Aruku’s chest to his feet, as if taking the impact of my blow and causing it to flow elsewhere.

“You must be kidding!” I said.

But Aruku was not going to let my moment of confusion go to waste. He placed his left hand on my stomach.

Did I walk straight into his trap?!

But by the time the thought hit me, it was already too late. I panicked to cover my whole body in healing magic just as Aruku launched a fireball from the palm of his hand. A tremendous force ran straight through my body, and I was sent flying straight into a decorative set of armor.

“Usato!” cried Amako.

She was just about to run over to me when I put up a hand to stop her.

“It’s alright, I’m okay. Don’t worry,” I said, rising to my feet.

I let out a breath as I looked down at where I’d been hit. My rescue team uniform was black and dirtied, but there was no hole in it, and I was otherwise fine. Unlike the flaming sword, perhaps the whole point of Aruku’s fireball was to launch his enemy.

“Can’t believe my punch didn’t work . . .” I muttered.

“Um, why are you almost completely fine?” asked Nea, her face utterly incredulous. “You just took a fireball at point-blank range, didn’t you?”

“It’s all thanks to my training,” I said, brushing the grime off my coat.

“Wait, wait, wait. That doesn’t make any sense . . .”

Compared to Rose’s fist, the impact of that fireball was nothing.

But what is up with that armor Aruku is wearing?

I knew for certain that it wasn’t an ability that Aruku had himself. I also knew that it wasn’t vampiric or necromantic, either. That meant only one thing.

“It’s another type of sorcery,” I said.

“Bingo!” Nea cried, giving me a thumbs up.

It was almost like she was overjoyed that I’d realized. There was something so innocent and naive about her expression in that moment—to be on the other end of it was, to be honest, terrifying.

“The armor Aruku is wearing is imbued with my own unique resistance hex, which redirects the force of any blunt-force attacks on it. It’s a direct counter to your physical abilities.”

So Aruku is resistant to my punches?

Nea loved seeing the confused look on my face, and it spurred her to continue.

“But it does have weak points,” she said. “It’s only resistant to one type of attack, and it’s only effective for Aruku. I’ll tell you, though, that I feel really bad for it as far as hexes go—it’s not particularly convenient, and there are so few situations where it comes in truly handy.”

Not convenient, huh?

“You’re awfully happy to share the ins and outs of your hexes,” I said.

“Well, I mean, wouldn’t you just hate to lose to me not knowing how I won?”

The way she said that really ticks me off . . .

Still, the truth of the matter was that the hex on Aruku was a really bad match-up for me. If the force of all my kicks and punches was redirected, I was pretty much all out of options. Nea must have read my thoughts, because her lips twisted into a smile, and she giggled.

“If you want to take Aruku out of the picture, you can always use one of those swords or axes, you know? Or . . . maybe you could use some kind of attack magic! Well, that’s if you don’t mind killing the guy!”

Nea burst into laughter. She was basically telling me to kill him because my physical attacks were pointless. But that wasn’t an option. She knew that I didn’t have any attack magic, but maybe she was bringing it up because she didn’t like the way I’d kicked things off.

But her smile was really rubbing me the wrong way.

“I guess I’m all out of options then,” I said.

“How about giving up? That’s what I recommend. I’ve got an ace up my sleeve even if you happen to get past Aruku. In other words, no matter how much you struggle, my victory is a certainty.”

Giving up, huh?

I thought about the words for a few moments, and a derisive grin spread across my face.

