	Karon, who is at the end of the fog, screamed.

	He screamed ferociously to threaten me, and jumped at me with his instinct.

	Insane rush.

	If you are too reliant on your instincts, it will be easy to handle you no matter how strong you are.

	“He looks like how I used to be…!”

	I don’t like it, but I understand why the wicked dragon used a similar tactic.

	I just thrust and punch. I didn’t understand my own weakness, and I was full of gaps.

	However—–,

	“I’m different now!”

	I calmly avoided his attack by stepping sideways and went around behind, hitting him with a full kick.

	“Giaaaaaaa!!”

	The attack on his back wasn’t much as he stabbed his arm into the icy ground and forcibly turned his body.

	I know full well that my kick didn’t work.

	In the first place, I was luring him to a place.

	For the final stage, I was just a “decoy”.

	“—–Strengthening system”

	At the moment when a dignified voice was heard from in front of Karon, an ice wall created by Leona-san using strengthening appears directly in front of him.

	Karon couldn’t react to the sudden appearance of the ice wall and slammed into the wall head first.

	He collided with the momentum of which he was jumping together with the force of my kick, it seemed to be painful. That might’ve been me a few days ago if I hadn’t stopped. I’m still cold sweating, and I instructed Neah to put a restraint spell on his palm.

	“Gu, Ga, Gi…!”

	“Usato!”

	“Okay!”

	In response to Leona-san’s voice, I placed my palm with restraint magic on Karon’s back as he tried to stand up with a voice of agony, and tied his body.

	The other arm holds down his body, which he tried to turn around.

	“Sorry to say this but, I’m not the one who would be defeating you.”

	I have the power to fight Karon, but I don’t have the power to defeat him.

	Leona’s system strengthening is not used for attacks either.

	Neah’s restraint magic can only stop him for a few seconds.

	But he is different.

	His flame sword, which even cut the bell of Samaria easily, can hurt Karon’s body, who has not yet completely awakened to the dragon!

	“Now! Arc-san! I will heal his injuries!”

	When the ice wall created by Leona-san collapses, Arc-san holds his sword that shines brightly red.

	Everything is a stepping stone to give this greatest blow.

	With a strong will, he swung down the flame sword which was held upright.

	“Haaaaaaaah!!”

	The flame sword that drew a red trajectory cut through Karon’s body.

	* * *

	It was my physical ability and the magic of Arc-san’s flame that cut through the scales of the wicked dragon.

	Although the wicked dragon had deteriorated after hundreds of years, the scales covering its body boasted certain strength.

	Karon’s skin, awakened as a dragon, also had the strength of a dragon scale. However, even the scales of a newly born dragon aren’t as strong as the wicked dragon.

	“—– Agu”

	The air in front of me was torn apart, and the intense heat was affecting me as I was holding onto Karon.

	I closed my eyes involuntarily, but I did not let go of his body, though the entire weight of his body weakens.

	I supported him in a hurry, and laid him down on the ground with only his upper body raised.

	“Karon!”

	Looking at his body with his eyes closed, there are cuts from his shoulders to his thighs.

	The reason why the blood did not come out so much was probably because it was cut with a sword of fire, but even still, his wound was shallow.

	“What’s more……”

	The horns and tail that grew on Karon’s head are gradually cracking.

	This is… Is it okay to think that his power as a dragon is disappearing?

	I saw the remnants of his dragon shattering like candy, and I asked Neah to check it for the time being.

	“Neah, is Karon alright?”

	“……There’s nothing wrong with his life. He’s breathing and his heart is moving, so he’s still alive. Though his own magic power is returning to normal.”

	I was relieved by Neah’s words looking around Karon’s body.

	“Usato, is Karon okay!?”

	Leona-san and Arc-san came up to me.

	While applying healing to his wounds, I looked at her.

	“It’s okay, he’s alive”

	“Is it, really… that’s really good.”

	Leona-san is relieved that Karon is alive.

	I was relieved and turned to Arc-san.

	“Thanks to Arc-san, the wounds are not so bad. It seems that he will be healed soon.”

	“I’m surprised I could adjust. After all, you want to deal more damage than suppress it”

	He smiled refreshingly, and I also smiled.

	The tension was released and the tiredness struck my body, but it was good we were able to finish the battle with Karon in the best possible way with some spare capacity left.

	“…This settles one case.”

	Although it was a short time, it was a tough battle.

	There was no bad person in this turmoil.

	Karon has exhausted the power of the dragon that sleeps inside him. There is no intention of him there, and he who has become an incarnation of a dragon who wields violence around him can be said to be a “disaster”.

	Therefore, it was really good to be able to help him without any issue.

	After this, I completely heal his wounds――,

	“Wa-it…”

	“What!?”

	Karon desperately grabs the collar of my uniform.

	My fist was instinctively ready, but I felt a clear intention in his eyes looking up at me, and lowered my fist.

	He spoke to me with a painful expression.

	“–R–… un. The monster in me… is still…”

	“Karon, your consciousness…!”

	“Usato!”

	“…Amako. What’s wrong…”

	I turned my gaze to Amako who was on Bluerin’s back when Karon was saying intermittently.

	“Get away from him!”

	“Eh?”

	“It’s not over yet! The dragon in him is still awake!”

	“…No way!”

	“Usato! Karon’s magic power has swelled!”

	The moment after hearing Neah’s voice in a hurry, the collar held by him was pulled by an abnormal force.

	Immediately I turned to Karon, who had his eyes red and engorged, trying to slam his fist on my face.

	Ain’t this bad…!?

	“Gua!?”

	“Kya!?”

	Trying to protect Neah who was on my shoulder with both my arms, but I was still blown away.

	―――― What is this power……! It’s not the same as before!?

	Even when defending with the gauntlet, my fist was shaken off.

	Confused by his strength, he stood up, and was suffering and scratching his body.

	“Gu, guaaaaaah!!”

	Leona-san and Arc-san tried to help me but became rigid due to the painful and sorrowful cry.

	I myself can’t hide my confusion in his unusual appearance that is different from the past.

	Falga-sama’s voice echoed in my head.

	――This is…

	“Falga-sama!? What the hell is going on!”

	―― He intends to make the next awakening. He’s trying to forcibly amplify the power that should be released to the outside by collecting it from within.

	Forcibly, can Karon’s body endure such a thing?

	Every time he scratches his body, cracks run through his entire body.

	However, on the contrary, the horns and tail that were crushing change to a stronger shape.

	“The power that is released to the outside is inside… That’s the magical power that Karon released when he awakened!? The human body can’t withstand such a large amount of magical power in the body!”

	“If he can’t withstand that with his body!?”

	In a hurry, I turned my gaze back toward Karon, but his appearance was very different from before.

	His appearance was closer to a dragon.

	Rhagades like broken glass ran all over his body, making a painful figure.

	The horns turned into a longer and twisted shape, the tail moved longer and more powerfully, and the most eye-catching was the two “wings” on his back.

	A large wing that could cover his body was growing from his back.

	“Dra-gon”

	His appearance had changed so much that I had no choice but to express it.

	Falga-sama speaks to me and Neah in our head with a voice that seems to be looking at something painful.

	—-The power of a pure dragon is too strong for humans. Therefore, Karon was accustomed to the power by slowly awakening. But this is… too violent of an awakening.

	“What will happen to Karon…?”

	―― Karon’s body cannot keep up with the dragon factor which would make his own body……

	Falga-sama hesitated to put it into words.

	But he killed his emotions and put it into words.

	—-Collapse.





Chapter 118

	The dragon sleeping in Karon is running wild.

	His body wouldn’t be able to stand the power of a pure dragon and will eventually collapse. However, even in such a state, his fighting spirit is still present.

	“Is there still a way to help Karon, Falga-sama?”

	――…… In his current state, the power of the dragon should be suppressed if we knock him unconscious. He is now a dragon, albeit imperfect, but at the same time his body is fragile. You would still be able to fight with him with your fist, but his power has greatly increased.

	It might be dangerous if I get a single blow from him?

	Furthermore, he is in a weakened state……

	I should use my healing punch to cancel the damage and let only the impact pass, but if his body collapses before we know it——–

	“…so I have to use the system enhancer.”

	I have to rely on an unfinished technique.

	Even with the assistant of the gauntlet operating my magic, the system enhancer couldn’t be completed. I didn’t think I would use it so soon during the fight… If I knew I had to use it at such a crucial moment, I would’ve practiced more.

	“No use crying over spilled milk. Let’s do what we can for now.”

	I stared at my palm and clasped my fist and made direct eye contact to Karon.

	He who has undergone a more dragonic like transformation has let out a growl that did not seem sound human-like at all.

	“Char…”

	“……Hmm?”

	Karon’s wings slowly start to move.

	……No way, is he trying to fly? No, even though his wings have grown, can he fly immediately?

	Either way, I can’t let him do that!

	When I saw Karon flapped his wings and put his strength on his legs, I raised my voice.

	“Oh no you don’t!”

	If he could fly in the sky, nobody other than Neah can deal with him as she can’t carry me with that transformation of hers.

	“I’ll hold him to the ground!!”

	Leona-san created three ice daggers and shot them at Karon’s feet. When the released dagger hit his right leg directly, it expanded into lumps of ice and sewed his foot to the ground.

	Leona-san screamed at me and Ark-san.

	“He can’t use his axe right now! So deal with him at this moment!”

	“Okay!”

	“Leave it to me…!”

	Ark-san heads for Karon with a sword in flames and I clenched my fist as tight as possible.

	The method is the same as before!

	Reap his consciousness! I will heal all the injuries in the process!

	“Hold on Neah!”

	“It’s not like I can say no! Might as well just do it!!”

	Considering Karon’s body, I use a healing punch to hit him.

	However, with my fist and Ark’s sword hitting Karon directly — at that moment, the ice that was restraining his body shattered all at once.

	“Wha–!?”

	It was destroyed so easily!?

	Freed from the shackles of ice, he swung his wings sharp like a blade. I hurriedly raised my right arm to defend against his razor-sharp, hard wings.

	The two clashing sounds felt like two metals hitting each other.

	One is the sound of my gauntlet, and the other is the sound from Ark-san blocking the wing with his sword.

	“Ku, this is a little…!”

	“Ark-san!”

	However, Ark-san’s sword could not withstand the hardness of the wings and was broken from the middle.

	Karon is aiming for Ark-san instead of me!

	He tightened his fist and aimed at Ark-san.

	“Gaaaaah!”

	“As if I’ll let you!”

	I stopped him by using a healing magic restraint bullet from behind.

	However, Karon slammed his fist on Ark-san without taking my healing magic restraint bullet.

	“Gua…!?”

	“Ark-san!?”

	The fist that I could barely catch with my eyes smashed the handle of the sword and smashed his torso.

	Ark-san was struck by the ice ground and fainted.

	I want to hurry to help, but…

	“You won’t let me do that right…!”

	Karon growls in front of me. Perhaps he changed his target from Ark-san to me, he glared at me terrifyingly.

	I’m worried for Ark-san… But I can’t show any weakness against Karon!

	“Gah!”

	“I’ll deal with you the same way!!”

	The movement is the same even with his speed and power increased.

	I dodged Karon’s fist diagonally.

	When I tried to hit him from his gap, something sharp jumped out from behind him.

	It is the blue wings that grow on Karon’s back. In a hurry, I withdrew my fist and stepped backwards.

	“Usato! That wing is also dangerous!?”

	“I know, but!”

	There’s just too many attacks…!

	I can still barely deal with his attacks, but adding another attack from his wing is a little too much.

	Without being able to turn to the offensive against Karon’s onslaught which was constantly unleashed, I have to steadily retreat.

	“Jyaa!”

	“Gu…”

	His hand pushed up from below and slammed my right arm upwards.

	Karon’s sharp wings approached my defenseless torso as I was blocking with my right arm.

	“Shi—–“

	I can’t make it in time with the gauntlet, there is no choice but to receive it!

	Leona-san’s two ice swords flipped Karon’s wings from the side as she tried to catch the wings with her left arm, and I barely avoided a fatal injury.

	“I’m here to help!”

	“Thanks!”

	While the wings were being flipped, I took Karon’s arm and threw it to the ground, and I took a distance with Leona-san.

	There is a danger of him flying, but it’s better than getting caught by his attack like before.

	Let’s calm down and adjust once more.

	“That wing is awkward and it’s hard to defend against itt.”

	“It’s terrible to deal with it. And I can’t follow his current attacks. This is different from predicting where he’s going to hit… It’s not something we can do many times.”

	……Karon has become a really troublesome person now.

	Not to mention his power, his movement has increased dramatically.

	He has surpassed the weakened wicked dragon’s power, and has probably surpassed its agility.

	“To be honest, I can’t respond head-on to Karon’s attack. My armour is like scrap paper in comparison to his attacks.”

	With that said, she showed me her sword and the blade had a crack.

	Is it about to break?

	Ark-san’s sword is meaningless to Karon now.

	“But your gauntlet can fight Karon without being destroyed.”

	“…Yes”

	My gauntlet did not break even after getting hit by his previous attack.

	It’s a desperate situation, but that doesn’t mean we can’t continue.

	However, it is difficult for me and Leona-san to go on the offensive against his onslaught. The restraint of ice is meaningless in front of him now, and Karon’s defense is too much work to deal with.

	……I’m worried if I can handle Karon’s power, so should I try that?

	“…Usato, Karon is about to attack.”

	“Leona-san, can you deal with his wings?”

	“It’s not impossible, do you have a plan?”

	Nodding to Leona-san’s words, I turned my gaze to Neah.

	“Neah, apply resistance to blow to me.”

	“Eh, are you kidding me? Are you seriously trying to take that hit head on? No matter how resistant my magic is, there’s a limit—-“

	“I’m begging you.”

	“…Aaaah whatever, I don’t care anymore at this point!!”

	The magic of resistance to “cold air” that was applied to me was canceled, and the magic of resistance to “blow” was newly applied.

	The moment the resistance to cold air disappeared, the chilly air surrounded me.

	Leona-san, who understood what I was trying to do, threw her near broken sword and created one ice sword in her hands.

	“I’m telling you right now, I can’t prevent Karon’s attack many times! Even if I endure it, I can only take a few shots!”

	“That’s more than enough! Leona-san, I’m going!”

	“Okay!”

	I jumped out first.

	Slightly later, I heard the sound of Leona-san stepping out and concentrated on Karon in front of me.

	He was leaning forward trying to thrust me, but he was struck by my assault, but I quickly picked up and threw his tightly clenched fist casually.

	I used to avoid his attacks, but now it’s different.

	I didn’t hesitate to catch Karon’s fist with my left hand.

	“!?”

	“I’ve caught you!”

	Now that resistance to blows has been granted, Karon’s fist does not work on me.

	Karon attacks me with a fist, but the blow is prevented by resistant magic.

	The wings attacking from Karon’s back are also blocked by the ice sword created by Leona.

	The resistance spell will only work for a few shots, and Leona-san’s ice sword won’t hold for long, so it’s now or never!

	“Oraaa!”

	Pulling the fist he grabbed as much as I could, I thrust a healing punch at his solar plexus.

	“Gee!?”

	The fist pierced deeply into his skin, and the light of healing magic spread throughout his body.

	I felt a certain response, but at the next moment, I could feel the feeling of glass shattering from my fist. It was an uncomfortable and strange feeling, so I pulled my fist back.

	At the same time, Karon was in agony and moaned.

	“Gyaaaaaaaah!”

	“Even this isn’t good!?”

	If I go any harder, it would be too dangerous even with healing magic.

	However, it’s impossible to stun him with a fist of this level.

	“!? Usato!”

	When I hesitated in front of him, I heard Leona-san’s panicked voice behind me.

	Looking back to her, something touched my right leg.

	“What!?”

	Looking at my feet, Karon’s tail was tightly wrapped around my feet with tremendous force.

	Cold sweat all over his body, he bare his teeth and held down his solar plexus. His eyes were bleeding and he was clearly angry at me.

	“Neah, stay away from me!”

	“Kya! U-Usato!?”

	“GiGuaaaa!!”

	At the next moment when I threw Neah away from me, Karon’s tail entwined in my leg became like a whip, swinging my body like a toy, and slammed me on the ice ground.

	The unexpected attack made it impossible for me to breathe for a moment.

	“Ughhh, Ahhh…”

	“Usato! I’ll help–“

	“Gaaaah!”

	Leona-san tries to help me, but Karon expects that and swings his tail towards her.

	With that sudden blow, she was silently slammed into the icy ground like Ark-san and lost consciousness.

	“Even Leona-san…!”

	Because I hesitated, she was knocked unconscious by Karon!

	……Tsk! No use regretting now! I have to do something!

	“Gaaah!”

	When I tried to get up, Karon jumped and spread his big wings and fell toward me.

	Not giving me time to rest, he slammed into a continuous attack.

	“Chi! You sure are thorough!!”

	Is he going to crush me?

	With my arms facing up, I protect my face and chest.

	My body squeaked from the shock, however I still endured it——-but when I heard an unpleasant sound from the ice on my back, my thoughts panicked again.

	“This is not looking good!?”

	At this rate, I’ll fall upside down under the ice!

	If I can’t move after getting into cold air, I’m afraid what he’ll do to Leona-san and Ark-san.

	“Gaaah!!”

	“This is even worse!! Hmmph!!”

	When I saw Karon trying to swing his hand down to me as if stabbing me, I slammed my right elbow against the cracked ground as much as I could, and in reaction, Karon avoids it.

	Karon’s hand was slammed against the ice ground instead of me.

	Maybe my elbow and Karon’s blow exceeded the limit, the ice ground on my back shattered greatly——we fell head-on into the lake below.

	“Huuuu–!”

	I took a deep breath and fell into the water vigorously.

	The first thing I felt was the coldness from the core of my body and the fear of the lake at the bottomless depth.

	The inside of the lake was surprisingly clear and beautiful, but I had to go ashore immediately.

	This is not an ordinary lake. It is a lake that exists in a different world, where monsters live.

	Among them, even if I was attacked by a monster and dragged in, it would be difficult for me to survive. Besides, I don’t want to be attacked by Karon in the water.

	To go ashore as soon as possible, I head toward the surface of the water where the sunlight shines.

	“Gabobobo!!”

	“–!?”

	However, when Karon grabs my foot and pulls it into the water, the water surface moves away.

	He’s really persistent!

	If you are also suffering, then go to the surface instead of grabbing me!!

	I really can’t fight him underwater. But still, he didn’t let go of me, he pulled my leg all the way, and hit my belly with his other hand.

	“Gaha…!”

	Because it was underwater, the force was slightly diminished, but I still received his attacks head on.

	It hurts! Now that the effect of the resistance magic has expired because Neah’s not here, I can’t take such a fist many times!

	Feeling a sense of suffocation, I used magic on my ungrabbed right arm and thrust it into his face, activating a healing magic burst palm and temporarily crushing his sight.

	“—“

	At the moment when his hand loosened, the gauntlet was turned downward and the healing magic burst palm was released again, and used that as propulsion to hurriedly head to the surface of the water.

	“…Good!”

	I couldn’t hold my breath because of the fist I received on my stomach.

	The surface of the water was very close to my eyes and nose, but it seemed endlessly far away.

	Is this the end? At that time, when I was about to give up, someone’s hand reached out from the surface of the water where the sun was shining.

	A small and delicate hand that is not an adult’s hand ―――,

	“…!?”



	The air leaking from my mouth was held down by hand, and the other hand grabbed my other hand from the surface of the water.

	Then, I was pulled with a force that cannot be imagined from a small arm.

	I was pulled up on the ice on the lake, and I thank Amako, who is out of breath while holding my hand with both hands, and Bluerin, who is biting her cloak.

	“Haaaah, Haaaaaah… I thought I was about to die. Thank you, Amako. And Bluerin.”

	“I saw the future and immediately asked Falga-sama for me to enter the barrier, but I’m glad I was here in time…”

	Did you come to help me after seeing the prediction that I would fall into the lake?

	I would really be in danger if this child didn’t come to help.

	As I stood up, adjusting my breathing and healing my aching belly, Neah came down to my shoulder.

	“I want to complain about how you toss me away but right now… could Karon be defeated?”

	“No, not yet–“

	Something jumped high in the sky before I told Neah.

	Something that appeared with a momentum that I couldn’t believe came out of the water——-Karon opened his big wings in the air and looked down at us.

	“…”

	“As you can see, not yet.”

	Neah was speechless.

	Aside from the cracked body, Karon seems to be still fine.

	“Amako, stay away with Bluerin”

	“…Are you going to be alright?”

	“It’s not like I lost my hands. I just have to do it.”

	Unless the power of the dragon that hurt his body is managed, it cannot be cured by healing magic.

	However, the only way to stun him is to hit him with a powerful healing punch, but… then I will break his body and die.

	……Is there no choice but to use system enhancer?

	Amako seems to mumble something under her breath, but when she glances at Karon who is about to attack, she nods a little and leaves the place with Bluerin.

	Fortunately, Karon is still glaring at me, perhaps because she isn’t interested in Amako.

	“…Neah, I’m sorry, but fight with me a little longer.”

	“I can’t hate you for fighting this far. I’ll fight with you until the end… Don’t think too lightly of me.”

	“Haha, you don’t say?”

	I smiled at her casual tease.

	Both Ark-san and Leona-san were done in by Karon’s attack.

	So I have to deal with him together with Neah.

	……If system enhancer doesn’t succeed――,

	“Uuuuu…!”

	“He’s coming!”

	“Ugh, okay.”

	Karon fluttered his big wings against me who coated healing magic all over my body.

	This is practically the final battle.

	……The deciding factor.

	“Jyaaaaaaaaa!!”

	“Come on!”

	Karon attacks from the sky at high speed.

	Looking up at him, I swung my gauntlet and screamed to hype myself.





Chapter 119

	Karon really deserves my respect.

	He is strong, kind, and loved by everyone, and is someone who embodies the ideals of a knight.

	“Leona, you have a very annoying personality.”

	Such a man once said something quite rude to me.

	Shortly before he was swallowed by the dragon factor and ran amok, when I was appointed to be the hero, the words he said to me were enough to upset me.

	I know he’s not being sarcastic. And that made me even more annoyed because those were his true words, though I suppressed my desires to argue with him.

	“Oh well, but if you were to be chosen as a hero~ I wouldn’t have to be one since you would’ve been better~”

	First, I will not be chosen as a hero.

	Although I was mentioned as a candidate, it was already decided that Karon would get the title of a hero.

	Karon had a disgusted look when I said that.

	“The title of hero is certainly an honor, and you take that title too seriously. To me, it’s just a name. What’s important is what to do after being recognized as a hero.”

	I couldn’t agree with Karon’s words.

	I can’t think flexibly like that, and I can’t take the name of a hero so lightly.

	It was my childhood dream to be a symbol of hope to save people.

	In the end, the conversation ended without me replying to him.

	Now I can’t ask him what he meant after he ran amok.

	* * *

	“U… gh.”

	I woke up with the coldness of the ice and felt a stinging pain on the side of my stomach.

	When I looked at my own body, the armour was greatly dented from where the pain was at.

	I was surprised that even my sturdy armour was in ruins, so I took off the upper body of the armour. Finally, I threw the helmet to the ground and held my head down.

	“Why am I… in a place like this…”

	My memory is foggy perhaps because I was hit in the head.

	I wanted to complain about the terrible pain I’m having right now.

	Why am I injured? Why am I outside of Mia Rak——–No wait.

	As the hazy thoughts became clearer, I remember myself fighting with Usato and others.

	“Yes, Karon!”

	Immediately before fainting, I saw Usato slammed into the ground by Karon’s tail.

	I was struck by Karon’s tail trying to help him and fainted.

	“What about Usato!?”

	When I looked around, I found Amako with Ark-san, who had fainted on Bluerin’s back.

	Standing up while healing my aching flank with healing magic and trying to talk to Amako, I noticed that she was looking up with a worried expression.

	“Up……?”

	When I looked in the same direction as she was looking, I saw a blue mass flying in the sky.

	Although not visible from a distance, it looked like a big bird seemingly flying around in the barrier.

	“Is that Karon?”

	The blue mass fell head-on to the ground, but changed direction just before hitting the ice ground by changing the direction of its flight so as to glide on the ground.

	Finally, I was able to see the figure, and I was so surprised that I was lost for words.

	“Can you just stop with your nonsenseeeeeeeeeee!!”

	“Gagyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!”

	“Kyaaaaah! The sky and ground are reverseeeed!? I’ll be the first to fall at this rate!”

	“…Eh, eh…”

	Usato was clinging to Karon gliding over the ice ground and Neah was screaming on his shoulder. I was stunned at that current appearance.

	……Huh, he looks livelier than ever……

	However, Usato clothes were grabbed by Karon and was thrown. Usato maneuvered and landed on the ground, put healing magic in his right hand and shook his fist at Karon who was pursuing him — but he pulled his fist just before hitting Karon.

	“Oh, this is no good either!”

	“Usato…?”

	What the hell is he trying to do?

	Is he trying to use system enhancer with the magic into his right hand? However, his system enhancer must not have been completed yet.

	……In the first place, why is he doing that to Karon?

	Is he still trying to save Karon?

	“It can’t be……”

	I also heard Falga-sama’s words.

	His body is out of control and is on the verge of ruin.

	As evidence, when Usato hit his body, his body shattered despite Usato using healing magic.

	Usato should know that he could not help Karon while watching his body collapse up close. Even after knowing, he never gives up and confronts Karon’s fierce attack, full of wounds.

	Even if there is a magic called healing magic that has powerful resilience, there is a limit.

	Still, Usato isn’t giving up trying to complete the incomplete system enhancer in the middle of the battle.

	Why is he going that far?

	Is it because of the rescue squad?

	That he can do his best…

	“Stop it…”

	I muttered to him who was getting hurt.

	I also want to help Karon.

	However, he’s broken to the point where he can’t be help.

	“You don’t have to go that far…”

	My voice did not reach him.

	Even if I wanted to stop them, my aching flank prevents me from doing so.

	Without this injury I could still fight, but now I can only look from afar with my finger covering my mouth.

	I can’t do anything, I feel sorry for myself, and eventually, tears come up.

	When I was overwhelmed by despair, the vial fell to the ground, probably because there was a hole in the bag attached to my waist from the previous attack.

	“This is……”

	The contents of the vial are the water drawn from the Kureha fountain.

	The water that I decided not to use after Usato convinced me to fight as a friend.

	“…If I drink this water. Then Karon will…”

	I pick up the vial with my trembling hand and stare at it.

	If I use the power of this water, I can fight Karon without worrying about any injuries. In exchange, I’ll die and Karon gets killed.

	However, I can help Usato and restore peace to Mia Rak.

	Usato no longer has to get his hands dirty.

	It’s more than enough for me to exchange this life of mine for such a condition.

	“…”

	I’m prepared.

	Everyone can be saved at the expense of me.

	I can help him who saved my heart.

	“Do not drink this water as long as I’m alive”. I’m about to betray those words, but I don’t want him to die.

	I open the lid of the vial and bring it close to my lips.

	If I swallow this water, I would no longer be a “person”.

	“There is a limit to what you can do alone. So instead of shouldering all the burdens, you can ask someone around you for help.”

	When the vial touched my lips, Usato’s words last night came to mind and made me stop tilting the vial.

	“I……”

	He tried to stop me, who was trying to sacrifice her own life.

	We fought together.

	Someone who is merciless, clumsy, and awkward… he relied on someone like me.

	And that someone is choosing to betray him——

	“Tsk.”

	I throw away the vial.

	The vial struck the icey ground broke into pieces, and all the water inside had spilled.

	I couldn’t do it.

	Until yesterday, I could drink the water without hesitation for my mission. But now Usato is still fighting.

	In a desperate situation that seemed to break my heart, I could never betray his words in front of him who kept looking forward with those honest eyes.

	Abandoning the vial is equivalent to abandoning my role as a hero and the best way to protect this city.

	“From now on, I will stop fighting as a hero of Mia Rak.”

	I’m sorry, Norn-sama, Falga-sama.

	If I were to fulfill my responsibilities as a hero, I would have to defeat Karon and bring peace to Mia Rak with the expense of my life, but that is no longer possible.

	Now, the person who cared for me and tried to save me is in danger.

	“As a knight, I will fight for my dear friend who is fighting now.”

	My resolve has delayed me, but it should still be in time.

	Usato is still fighting and has not given up.

	Then even I, who decided to fight with him, cannot give up.

	“I should still be able to do something…!”

	I can still stand on two feet and use magic.

	Without looking at the crushed vial, I slowly start walking in the direction of Usato and Karon.

	At that time, something shined in the immediate vicinity of where I was standing.

	“Eh……?”

	It was stuck in the ice ground, at first glance it looked like just an iron rod, but it was the “cane” that Karon used as an axe.

	The “cane” flickers repeatedly as if inviting me, shining faintly.

	The supreme armour that can only bring out the true power to those who are recognized.

	“Are you calling out to me?”

	The closer I get, the stronger the light resonates.

	……I never thought that I, who abandoned fighting as a hero, would be qualified to handle Falga-sama’s armour. I thought it was an ironic story, but on the other hand, I was made to understand how much I was bound by the word “hero”.

	“Is this what you wanted to say… Karon?”

	I was bound by the name of the hero, and I was trying to stray further away from what a hero truly is.

	What do you do with power?

	Instead of chasing the shadow of the hero who I was longing for, I moved according to my own will.

	I forgot the pain in my flank and clasped the cane with both hands and took a deep breath slowly.

	“Shards of the Dragon God. Put my thoughts into shape.”

	The cane gives off the same beautiful shine as Usato’s gauntlet.

	I don’t want a powerful weapon that can kill Karon.

	What I want is the same armor to save and protect as him.

	“Those are my feeling”

	It was a spear.

	The appearance of the cane is the same, but a spear with a simple shape with a transparent blade like ice on the tip was formed.

	I hold it in hand and squeeze it firmly.

	―――…… Leona.

	“Falga-sama, I finally found the answer. I will fight——-with Usato, and not because of my mission as a hero.”

	Falga-sama, who echoes in my mind, expresses my current feelings.

	Falga-sama was breathing in silence and spoke to me with a gentle voice.

	―――…… If you can come up with an answer, follow it. The spear is an ice god spear that holds everything together. Unleash the spear with your former hesitation and lead this battle to an end.

	“Okay!!”

	I pulled my body back to prepare for throwing.

	The aim is Karon who is flying in the sky and trying to attack Usato. In front of him, Usato is still trying to use system enhancing but still fails.

	“Now I can understand why your system enhancing is incomplete.”

	Like me, who was too obsessed with the name of a hero, he was too tied up with the word system enhancing.

	“I want to help you too. So—–“

	I firmly determined my aim and put all my magic I have now into the spear. Then, eight ice spears formed by magic are generated around me.

	The spear I hold also transforms into a shining spear.

	“Goooooooooo!”

	I raised my voice and threw the spear at Karon as hard as I can.

	Nine shining spears.

	It emitted a beautiful and powerful light toward Karon.



	* * *

	The battle between me and Karon had shifted to a battle of stamina.

	Me who seeks a breakthrough with healing magic and system enhancing, and Karon who is trying to kill me with his wounded body.

	The battle while shaving each other was enough to shake my intention to save Karon.

	He was attacked and hurt and I healed his right shoulder with healing magic, and I looked up at Karon flying in the sky and sighed.

	“That hurts… It’s really annoying to fly to that point. Neah, can’t you just grab me and throw me there?”

	“Don’t be crazy. You’re heavier than you look, so I can’t lift you.”

	“True.”

	While having a casual talk with Neah, I was just finding an excuse to escape from reality.

	The advantage of being able to fly in the sky is more severe than I expected. While he’s flying, we just have to wait for him to attack.

	I tried to cling to Karon once and drag him into the ground, but honestly I don’t want to do that again.

	“U-Usato, look at that!”

	“Tsk, he’s coming towards us!?”

	Neah hurriedly turned her wings into the sky.

	While holding my fist in a hurry I looked up at the sky and nine shining things were rushing through the sky.

	It rushes to Karon who flies around the sky endlessly.

	“Oh! Kaaaaa!!”

	Karon immediately sensed the existence of the light and flapped his wings to avoid it. However, the nine lights turned to the place where Karon escaped as if it had a will.

	The light pierced Karon’s wings who was still trying to escape. Then the light turned into a spear with a transparent tip, knocking him down to the ground and sewing it to the ice ground.

	The eight lights then fell down in succession, piercing the ice ground so as to block Karon’s movement and hold his body down, turning into a spear made of ice different from the first one.

	“Gi, gaaaaaaaaah!”

	“Wow, even Karon’s strength can’t break it…”

	What surprised me was the strength of the spear that completely contained Karon’s power.

	I was familiar with the handle of the spear stuck in Karon’s wings.

	The handle of the spear, which has a simple shape and is different from the ice spear as a whole, had the same pattern as the one used by Karon’s axe.

	“This spear was used by Karon… and this ice!!”

	There is only one person who can produce ice of this strength.

	I turned in the direction of the light and confidently called the person’s name.

	“Leona-san!”

	“Usato! I blocked Karon’s movement! Save him with your power!!”

	Leona-san was breathing on her shoulders and kneeling.

	Her words made me look bitter when I saw my hand.

	“The system enhancer was not successful…! I can’t help Karon anymore…!”

	“No, no! Your system enhancement has already been completed!!”

	Completed!?

	In other words, does it mean that my current system enhancer has been completed?

	“If so, why couldn’t I still save him…”

	“You are too particular about succeeding in your system enhancer! What you should see is not your own magic!”

	She cut her words and took a deep breath, and raised her voice to reach me firmly.

	“What you should see is the one who’s suffering now!?”

	“What!?”

	Don’t focus on my magic.

	From her own quivering hands, she looks at Karon, who is struggling to be restrained.

	So that’s it.

	I was trying to enhance so much that I didn’t see the “people” that I needed to cure.

	“I’m so stupid! I’ve really become a muscle for brain because of too much training!”

	“Ehhh, why now!?”

	“Yeah, I finally get it Neah! I forgot the most important thing I set out to do!!”

	I can’t complain even if Rose hit me for not noticing this. No, I even want to hit for being so stupid not realising such a natural thing.

	I didn’t face him who is suffering now, I was just thinking about succeeding in enhancing my own system.

	“It’s natural that I can’t do it, because all I thought of was I should cure him, I didn’t even think about how to cure him.”

	Enhancing my healing magic system is the highest level of healing magic that heals even illnesses.

	When Olga-sama was seen at the clinic in Lingle Kingdom, he was facing the patient head-on and applying healing magic.

	The doctor and the healing magicians are the same.

	If you don’t face each other, you won’t know how to cure them.

	I forgot the most important thing as a rescue squad as someone who heals people.

	“Then you know what to do?”

	“Yeahh, I was reminded by Leona-san. I’ll never forget it.”

	I saw Karon from the front again.

	His body is crushing, suffering from pain. There is a “human” in front of me that I should heal.

	As I walk up to him in captivity, I create a system enhancer on my left hand.

	What I lacked was to be aware of what to cure.

	I have to look at the other person and imagine how I want to heal them.

	“——Alright.”

	At that time, something that had been lacking in system enhancing up to now was firmly understood.

	Although it was of a small amount of magic, it gave off a certain dark green shine.

	This is the true image of my system enhancing.

	A beautiful deep blue color similar to Olga.

	I grasped the light of system enhancing that overflowed from my left hand and made a fist, and I held it on my waist.

	“I will help you. For everyone who wishes for your safety…!!”

	With my left foot, I stepped forward and released my left fist, which gained momentum as my hips rotated onto Karon’s torso.

	The fist that was drawn out in the green trajectory of system enhancing was struck in his chest with a wind noise.

	“— Gaaa, a”

	As my fist digs into him, a large crack runs throughout the body, but the enhanced healing magic instantly heals the cracks in the whole body at a speed that is incomparable to conventional healing magic.

	“…Karon-san?”

	The question now is whether he would lose consciousness.

	The system was successfully enhanced, but it’s still unknown whether Karon was able to faint completely.

	I call out to him after receiving my fist.

	At that moment, the horns, wings, and tail that were characteristic of Karon’s dragon shattered into pieces and returned to human form.

	“Leona-san! Release the restraint!!”

	“Got it!”

	When Leona-san came closer, she pulled out the spear stuck beside Karon, and all the ice spears that were restraining him shattered at once.

	I hurriedly supported him who was about to fall to the ground, I asked Nea to check if there was anything wrong with his body.

	“—–He’s fine. There’s no magical disturbance, and the dragon factor in him seems to be completely silent.”

	“…Well, that’s good.”

	“Then again, even after learning how to use system enhancing, it looks really different compared to your normal healing.”

	Is it a new technique that combines the enhancement of healing magic and the fist?

	It would be difficult to incorporate system enhancing into healing magic bullets, but this is the best technique for me as a healing magician.

	“This is a miracle technique that combines system enhancing and my fist. I dub it the essential mystery, a one-point concentrated healing magic fist, or maybe a simpler term, essential fist, healing punch?”

	“I’ve been thinking about this since before, but you miraculously don’t have a naming sense. Well, I guess it’s okay since the childish part of yours is charming?”

	“…”

	Is it childish?

	Her reaction seems to think it isn’t a stylistic beauty anymore.

	I don’t have time to be sober… The battle is over and I’m getting tired, but my role isn’t over yet.

	When I saw Amako running to me with Bluerin carrying Ark-san, I waved and turned to Leona-san, who was standing beside with her spear as a support.

	“Leona-san, you seem to be injured, so I’ll heal you now.”

	“Eh, oh, aah. Please do.”

	I touched Leona-san’s hand that extended to apply healing magic.

	Her facial expression gradually eased up.

	“The spear is the cane that Karon used, right?”

	“Yes. Apparently, I was chosen like Karon.”

	With a bitter smile, Leona-san looked at the spear she had in one hand and gave a deep emotional expression.

	“I stopped chasing the shadow of the hero I had longed for.”

	“Hmm?”

	“A hero who abandons herself and fights for the sake of her mission. That was who I longed for as a hero… but fighting with you changed that idea.”

	A hero who abandons himself and fights.

	When I heard the words, I remembered Leona-san last night.

	What she was trying to do was not a mistake. It may have been the best solution in terms of protecting Mia Rak.

	But as the rescue squad, I couldn’t comply with her actions.

	“From now on, I will go on my path as hero Leona with my will, not tied down by anyone.”

	Did Leona-san finally find her path?

	I don’t know what change she made to her by fighting with me, but it’s certainly not a bad thing.

	“By the way Usato. What does it mean to be a hero?”

	“Eh? As a hero?”

	I don’t know the intent of the question, but the heroes for me are… Inugami senpai and Kazuki.

	The two are friends who we promised to meet again…… It’s a little bit difficult to convey? It’s a little embarrassing, but let’s just say it honestly.

	“An important friend, I guess?”

	“…Fufufu, I see. It wasn’t the answer I expected, but this is also good.”

	Leona-san was surprised by my words, but soon she smiled.

	“I also want to be a hero for you.”

	“What does that mean—?”

	“Uuuh, aah! The barrier will be lifted! Usato!!”

	When I tried to ask Leona-san who’s smiling, Neah suddenly shouted.

	When we looked at the barriers around us, they were informed that we were able to rescue Karon safely, and the barriers were lifted.

	And with that, we saved Mia Rak and helped Karon.

	Although we were also tattered, it was a pleasure that none of us survived without miseries.





Chapter 120

	After safely helping Karon and healing the injuries of Leona-san and Ark-san, we returned to the castle of Mia Rak and took a rest.

	Normally, we should report about the situation to Norn-sama, but… She learnt about it and has fallen asleep with a relieved smile…

	Keeping the barrier up for countless nights, we who understood that decided to wait for her to wake up.

	“I’m sorry. After a sense of relief has fallen down, I can’t resist the intense drowsiness…”

	“We also took that chance to take a rest, so please do not mind it.”

	Two days later, when we heard the news that Norn-sama had awakened, we were called to the basement where Kureha’s fountain with Falga-sama resides.

	The two people (?), Norn-sama and Falga-sama, were waiting for us at the fountain.

	“Thanks to your help, Mia Rak has been saved, and I can only utter words of gratitude for helping Karon’s life.”

	“I would like to thank you too. Without you, I couldn’t stop Karon.”

	“Well, uh… I’m really glad that we didn’t sacrifice anyone!”

	I shyly answered Norn-sama and Falga-sama’s genuine gratitude.

	Looking back, I think I acted quite crazy as well.

	Even in a collapsed state, Karon could definitely kill me. I wouldn’t be here by now without the help of Leona-san, Ark-san, Amako, and Neah.

	We were able to handle this problem without any issues… I could never do it alone.

	“By the way, can the citizens of Mia Rak return?”

	“Yeah. Yesterday I sent the news to the neighbouring country where they were taking care of the people. They’ll be back here in two weeks.”

	“So they can finally return… that’s good…”

	It would be painful not to be able to go home for nearly a month.

	Norn-sama smiled at me with a relief expression, took out a piece of paper from her pocket and showed it to me.

	It was a familiar letter that we gave her when we visited Mia Rak.

	“Initially I put the answer to the letter on hold, but now I can’t refuse you guys who have done so much for this country. I, Norn Erad Mia Rak, as Queen, shall receive the contents of this letter.”

	“That… are you sure about it?”

	Norn-sama’s words made me feel confused more than joy.

	I’m happy she received the letter, but I was wondering if it would be easy to receive the letter in the current situation of Mia Rak.

	Falga-sama, who was beside Norn-sama, slowly opened his mouth perhaps due to my uncertainty.

	“The Demon King is a mighty being. You have to unite to confront him. Now that the crisis of Mia Rak is over, there is no reason to decline the letter.”

	Does Falga-sama think that they should receive the contents of the letter because he knows the strength of the Demon King who once fought against the former hero?

	……How strong is the Demon King?

	It is certain that he was at least as strong as his predecessor, who had tremendous strength.

	“You don’t have to worry. It will take some time as the ice around the city is melting as Karon’s power is suppressed, but rest assured that Mia Rak can return to its original vibrant appearance…”

	“If that’s the case…”

	I raised my face to regain my mind, bowed to Norn-sama and Falga-sama and expressed my gratitude for receiving the letter.

	It was the third time after Lukvis and Samaria, but it was still kind of embarrassing.

	Behind me, Neah was saying, “Uwah, that doesn’t suit you in the slightest”, but I’ll put up with it for now and get back at her later.

	“That is done with the letter, but Usato, I have something else to tell you.”

	“What would that be?”

	“About your friend, the armor of the two heroes.”

	“…!”

	Is it about the two armor that Falga-sama will make for Inugami senpai and Kazuki?

	“As soon as Mia Rak recovers, I shall start working on the armor, but unlike your gauntlet, it’ll take a considerable amount of time to make it from scratch.”

	“I understand, Falga-sama, please don’t push yourself.”

	The armor created by Falga-sama is a division of his power.

	In other words, every time he creates an armor, it puts a burden on himself, so I don’t want him to overdo it.

	Perhaps seeing Norn-sama’s anxious gaze, Falga-sama distorted the edge of his mouth and smiled.

	“Huh, don’t worry. I won’t die just because I’ve been weakened. I’ll stay here for the rest of the time. Didn’t I say that? I’ll watch over your fate with my fragments. At least I won’t die until I see your fate.”

	Eh, is he really serious about that…

	What should I do, does it mean that Falga-sama is paying attention to my every move? Or is he paying attention to my future actions?

	Both are scary.

	“You can pay attention to Usato’s irregular life.”

	“Says the person.”

	“You’re not normal, right? The fox there.”

	A quarrel is about to occur behind me, but I’m in trouble because there are too many things that come to my mind in Neah’s words.

	Rather, it seems that most of the people I have met so far are somewhat unusual.

	……Or maybe there’s still quite a few common sense people such as Kazuki and Ark-san?

	“Are you guys leaving here today?”

	“Yes. we got a reply from the letter and had a good rest, so we will go to the next destination as soon as we pack up our luggage.”

	“Sorry. I wanted to thank you in various ways…”

	Norn-sama seems to be disappointed at my words.

	Although Karon’s runaway subsided and peace returned to Mia Rak, not everything was restored. They have to rebuild the interior of the city that has been devastated by the disappearance of people.

	Even if we stayed longer, it would only be a nuisance.

	“The next destination is the Beastman’s Land, correct?”

	“That is right.”

	I nodded to Falga-sama’s words.

	The ultimate goal of our journey, why Amako asked me for help — the beastman’s land.

	“Be careful. Something strange is about to happen in that place.”

	“What would that be?”

	“I don’t know what the beastmen are doing, but one thing I can say is that many beastmen still hate the existence of humans. You should be fine, but you should still seek precaution.”

	Something strange?

	Is it something to do with the mysterious behaviour of the beastmen that Norn-sama said?

	It’s okay if it’s not a bad thing… but for the time being, I should head there and see.

	To help Amako’s mother, going to the Beastman’s Country was already a decision.

	“I shall keep that in mind.”

	“Umu”

	He nodded to my words and opened his beautiful blue eyes.

	“Usato. The end of your journey around the continent is near, but your adventure in this world is not over yet. In the process, you may suffer and encounter worries, but you tried to save Karon without giving up until the end. I’m convinced that if you have that heart, you won’t break.”

	If we went to the Beastman’s Country, our journey would end.

	After finishing the role of handing over the letter and saving Amako’s mother, we’ll return to the kingdom of Lingle.

	Falga-sama continued speak regardless of me who had thought a little.

	“There used to be a man who suffered between hope and despair.”

	……Somehow, I think I knew who the man Falga-sama said.

	The former hero who defeated the Demon King; a human who has been betrayed by his people.

	I listen to his words silently.

	“The man who was betrayed by his people and continued to fight while his heart was about to break, had hope for the future instead of the present.”

	“Even if it’s the worst now, the future is different…? It’s too vague…”

	“The situation in which the man was placed was so bad that he realized it was correct.”

	……That’s probably right.

	The true identity of the curse that was eroding the royal family in Samaria was the souls of those who were once saved by the hero in the battle with the wicked dragon.

	The person I helped was killed because of me.

	Although that alone should be tragic enough, it is not strange that there was something worse considering the situation surrounding the former hero.

	“In despair, the man entrusted his hope to the future, but for him, that hope is—–“

	Falga-sama cut his words and left it stagnating there; sadly closing his eyes.

	The next word he said when he opened his eyes was not about the hero, but at me.

	“Usato, believe in the “people” until the end. No matter how angry or disappointed you may be, never fall into the darkness with hatred.”

	“……Okay”

	I can’t imagine having hatred, but let’s keep Falga-sama’s words to heart.

	Satisfied with my reply, Falga-sama let out a sigh to relieve his tension and turned his gaze from me to Norn-sama.

	“Um. I have nothing to say. Norn.”

	“Okay, since you’re leaving here today, so at the very least let us thank you, I’ll give you what you need for your future trip.”

	“Thank you, that would be greatly appreciated.”

	Food and water are indispensable for traveling.

	It seems that we’re a little far from the country of beastmen, so let’s get what we can get.

	“And when you return to the Kingdom of Lingle, I’ll arrange a ship. By the time you come, the ice would’ve melted and I can ship you down the river to bring you closer to the Kingdom of Lingle.”

	Oh, so it’s easier to go home? That would be good, but first we have to get to the Beastman’s country.

	Even so, it was a really long week.

	However, what I learnt here was not in vain. How to fight, the gauntlets made by Falga-sama, and the acquisition of the system enhancement of healing magic.

	Besides, Leona-san was able to go on her own path as a hero.

	“Speaking of which, where is Leona-san?”

	Norn-sama answered my question as I tilted my head while looking around.

	“I asked Leona-san to see you off here.”

	“Really?”

	So she’ll see me off?

	That’s good. At least we could see each other off before leaving.

	I wanted to thank her again for making me aware of what was important as a healer.

	Fortunately, I was relieved to have the opportunity, and after sending goodbye to Norn-sama and Falga-sama, I returned to the ground to prepare for the trip.

	* * *

	We were ready to head to the Beastman country, and after bringing Bluerin who was hungry for sleeping in the stable near the castle, we said our goodbyes to the maid who had taken care of us until today, and left the castle.

	According to the maid, Leona-san is waiting at the castle gate.

	As soon as we saw the castle gate, I noticed that there were two figures on the door inside the gate.

	I thought that only Leona-san would come to see me off, but is there somebody else?

	As I approached while wondering, I could clearly see Leona-san and another person.

	“……Ah”

	Next to Leona was a man who supported his body with a cane.

	The man was familiar. Rather, it was Karon who we just fought a deadly battle the other day.

	“Oh! You finally come!”

	Karon, a man who had his hair cut short, turned to us and waved his hand.

	Leona-san looked at him and held her forehead and sighed.

	“Karon, don’t overdo it. You just woke up today.”

	“It’s okay. I know.”

	Karon looked at Leona-san with a refreshing atmosphere unlike when he was out of control.

	When he turned his eyes to us who arrived at the gate, he had a friendly smile.

	“As you already know, I’m Karon. I was a knight of Mia Rak. I’m really sorry for this time. Also I should thank you, without you, I would destroy my hometown with my own hands.”

	“Well, uh… how’s your body?”

	I was flustered when Karon bowed deeply, and I asked him if there was anything wrong with his body.

	After all, I’m not used to being thanked face-to-face.

	“Thanks to your healing magic, I wasn’t injured badly. I didn’t think I would be hit by healing magic. Haha.”

	“Did you remember the whole fight?”

	While being upset by Karon, who remembers hitting him in the process of helping, check if he has any memory.

	He nodded to my question.

	“Yeah, it was blurry, but I remember. I remember the damage to the people of Mia Tak, the battle with Leona… and you who tried to save me in a desperate manner.”

	“…I didn’t do much. Leona-san and my friends saved my life many times, and I alone wouldn’t have been able to save you.”

	“You have friends who can help you even if you’re crazy, that’s great.”

	Somehow, he has a pleasant personality.

	Now I understand why Leona-san is the ideal knight.

	After talking to him, it feels rather pleasing to talk to him.

	“What will Karon do from now on?”

	“That’s right… First of all, I have to atone for my sins. Even though the power of the dragon that sleeps in me has run away, it is none other than myself who has put Mia Rak in danger. I will receive the appropriate punishment after the reconstruction.”

	The crisis of Mia Rak is gone, but Karon is blaming himself.

	Norn-sama and Falga-sama seemed to be convenient because of the reason…

	“And I can’t be a knight anymore.”

	“Why?”

	You can’t be a knight…?

	Karon shows me the cane in his hand as he leans his head.

	“I haven’t been able to develop my magic. Because of that, I can’t walk properly without a cane. Well, it shouldn’t be too painful to live normally, but my body became too fragile to fight as a knight.”

	“…Did that temporary awakening put a tremendous burden on Karon’s body…? Even at the stage where the enhancement of Usato’s healing cannot be healed…”

	Neah mutters behind me.

	If I had helped him earlier, I might not have been able to do this. It may be arrogant, but I thought so.

	“It’s not your fault. From the beginning, it was a ridiculous story that a person became a dragon. After that change, I lost the power to handle magic, that’s it… and even without me, there are people I can rely on, such as the serious female knight next to me.”

	“Don’t call me with a strange name”

	Leona-san glared at Karon.

	He turned his gaze back here to escape from that gaze and put his hand on my shoulder.

	“That’s why you don’t have to worry. What you did is not wrong.”

	“……I see”

	“Alright! That sobbing story is over! Leona. Did you have something to say to them?”

	“I was originally entrusted with seeing you all off…”

	Karon took his hand off my shoulder and looked at Leona-san who had fallen back, proceeded in front of us as if to replace her.

	“…”

	“…”

	“…”

	“…Um”

	Why is it silent…?

	Maybe she was nervous in front of us, her line of sight that was looking straight at me gradually moved downwards.

	“Leona-san?”

	“…I’m sorry! The words I was thinking of disappeared in my head…!”

	“Hey Leona. That’s not it.”

	“Ugh, you’re so noisy Karon!!”

	Leona-san’s face turns red as she yells at Karon.

	I smiled at her and talked to her to dispel her tension.

	“That spear. It looks great.”

	“Eh!? Is that so?”

	“Yes, it’s very cool.”

	A weapon that has been transformed into a spear shape by Leona-san’s hand.

	The coolness is incomparable to my gauntlet, which is too simple.

	……If my armor was a spear instead of a gauntlet…… No, don’t think about it.

	There is only an image of turning around by force.

	“S-so it’s cool…”

	“Is it not good if it’s cool for a woman…?”

	“No! I’m glad you said that, but it feels kinda complicated…”

	“Complicated……?”

	Should I have said it straight that it looked beautiful? But that disgusting phrase that doesn’t suit me—–also, I would be embarrassed later.

	Leona-san clears her throat.

	The tension seemed to be released, and she opened her mouth with a bit of shakiness on her tone.

	“Well, I wanted to talk to you guys at the end.”

	Nodding to that word, Leona-san looked around us one by one.

	“…When I first met you, I was in a mess. A human like me is not a hero, but I have to protect Mia Rak as a hero. A dead end everywhere… In that situation, I met you.”

	“I?”

	“It was shocking. Your way of fighting that overturns conventional wisdom, the strength of your heart.”

	“So it’s a roundabout way of calling him a weirdo!?”

	“Neah, there are times when you can say good and bad things, okay?”

	A healing magic bullet was generated on the index finger, and a smile was held on my forehead and nodded.

	She appealed to Leona with her teary eyes, “Hey, this seems to make you feel at home!?” and smiled.

	“Looking at you, I had a selfish idea and tried to take care of myself. I didn’t want to let you get involved in the fight with Karon and die. Norn-sama and Falga-sama, I didn’t want the people who remained in the castle to be hurt either… I thought I’d defeat Karon in exchange for my own life.”

	In response to Leona-san’s words, Karon behind him put a sad expression on his hand holding his cane.

	“You were the one who made up your mind and stopped me from dying. Ask someone, not just one. I didn’t realize that it was that easy, but now it’s different. Usato, you tell me to rely on you. If you can’t do it alone, you can rely on someone next to you. If anyone is suffering, you can reach out. I’m standing here for you now. Thanks to your words and actions.”

	“That’s —“

	“That’s not the case, is what you wanted to say right? Don’t try to be humble”

	Before saying that wasn’t the case, Leona-san stabbed me with a nail.

	……Why did you understand my words? Do I have such an easy-to-understand personality?

	Leona-san smiled when she saw me in silence.

	“You’re easy to understand.”

	“Wait a minute, am I that easy? Amako, is it that easy that it appears on my face?”

	“Yeah. You’re becoming more and more like a demon.”

	It’s not easy to appear on the face, it’s a mistake that it’s suddenly changed.

	Rather, I wonder if it’s really my face.

	Amako continued to spit facts at me who was soberly shocked.

	“Hmm, I’m kidding, but it’s easy to understand what Usato is thinking.”

	“That’s right from Amako’s point of view…”

	“Haha, Usato is very expressive.”

	A-Ark-san, not you too…

	I thought I was good at making facial expressions myself, but it seems that it is not so in normal times.

	“Sigh, I’m lonely not being able to see your interactions, but… it’s time to say goodbye.”

	“I agree”

	I nodded at Leona-san’s words.

	I can’t talk here all the time.

	Besides, when I return to the Kingdom of Lingle, I will come here again, so it’s not a long farewell.

	“I know you’re on a steep road… I know that, but I still hope your journey is a success.”

	“Please do your best, Leona-san. How about you, Karon?”

	“Yeah, I’m looking forward to seeing you next time.”

	We exchanged goodbye words with Leona-san and Karon, and walked out of Mia Rak away from them.

	“Oh, that’s right.”

	“What’s wrong, Usato”

	“I still forgot to tell Leona-san.”

	I stopped, looked back and saw Leona-san who was seeing me off.

	Regardless of Leona-san, who seemed confused by me who suddenly turned to her back, I threw her words that I was thinking of telling her.

	“Leona-san is also a hero to me!”

	“…!?”

	“Well then, bye!”

	Yesterday, I thought about Leona-san’s words.

	However, without thinking, the answer came out immediately. An important friend to me… In other words, that’s what it is.

	In her words, Leona looked down to hide her face with her bangs after having been surprised. At the very end, I just wanted to say this, and instead of waiting for her reply, I turned back and started walking.



	“After all Usato is unaware”

	“I’m afraid, but I have to agree as well. Such is his fate.”

	“Why are you two so in sync right now!?”

	I felt unreasonable at the words of Amako and Neah who became friends only in such a case, I dropped my shoulders.

	The incarnation of the dragon that was rampaging in Mia Rak was calmed down, and peace was restored.

	After that, the people of Mia Rak are back and waiting for reconstruction.

	However, our journey is not over yet. After completing our missions in Lukvis, Samaria, and Mia Rak, the next place we are heading to is a place where it is difficult for humans to set foot — the beastmen country.

	We proceeded to the final destination in order to hand over the letter and to save Amako’s mother.





Side Story

After the Reunion / In the Neighboring Country

	Side Story: Aftermath of Ferme

	I wake up in the morning as is my habit, Rose makes me run until I collapse during the day, and I write in my diary at night and fall asleep.

	That’s my daily life as a rescue squad.

	In the midst of this daily routine, I was being abused by Rose as usual, but the next moment I opened my eyes, Usato was in front of me.

	It seemed awfully real, but I concluded that it was just a dream.

	He should be on a journey to deliver a letter or something so there was no way he could just appear in front of me without warning.

	I concluded that and punched Usato in the face.

	If it was in my dream, I would have been able to beat him to a pulp…… but for some reason he knocked me unconscious.

	“How long are you planning to sleep.”

	“Fugyaa!?”

	I received a tremendous shock on my forehead which woke me up.

	I guess I should say it forced me up writhing in pain, but I already knew who woke me up.

	In front of me was Rose with her fingers at the ready and Nack peering into my face.

	“Looks like you’ve been talking to Usato over there.”

	“Over there? Eh who, Usato……?”

	“Go take a short 10 minute break…… Take this opportunity to rest.”

	Rest!?!? This non-bleeding non-crying bit—-!. Was what I would want to say but I just nodded.

	After nodding, Nack tilted his head and called out to Rose, who turned to walk towards the dormitory.

	“Are you going somewhere, Rose-san?”

	“I have to go to the castle. I’m sure you’ll be fine, but if you dare skip training…… you know what I’m talking about right?”

	Like me, Nack seems to shake his head in confusion.

	It’s not hard to see that this woman, even if she’s not looking she can detect if we skip.

	Despite being suspicious of her behavior, I saw Rose off and sat down on the ground with my shoulders relaxed.

	“Phew……… Ferme-san, how was Usato-san?”

	“What are you talking about?”

	“Eh? Didn’t that magic call you just now?”

	……Hmm?

	I don’t understand what Nack is asking.

	Tilting my head, Nack explained to me what exactly happened.

	According to Nack, I was being called by some magic to where Usato was before being brought back.

	……

	“That wasn’t a dream?!”

	“……Are you actually stupid, Ferme-san?”

	“Shut up!”

	I yell at Nack, who looks dumbfounded, and is reminded again with the exchange I had with Usato.

	At the end… I was being flicked on the forehead…

	“This means that I’ve been beaten and knocked unconscious by him all over again……! Damn it! What does he mean by “You’ve done your best”!!!! I’m not the least happy with your praise at all!”

	As I stomp on the ground to relieve my frustration, I notice Nack looking at me with a smile on his face.

	“What’s that? Looking at me with that creepy smile……”

	“I’m not sure what to make of it, but I’m pretty sure…… you’re just like me after all.”

	“Haaah? What do you mean by that?”

	“I’m not going to tell you because you’ll deny it anyway. It’s time to start training again. I’m afraid of what might happen if I don’t.”

	“……”

	What’s with him? Speaking things that don’t make sense again.

	I’m not going to get into that kind of speculation, so I’m going to go back to training quietly. I don’t wanna slack off and be beaten up by Rose yet again…

	……Speaking of which–

	“……I wonder what that was…”

	When I touched the armor made with my magic, I felt like something strange happened……

	I’m not sure what to make of this.

	In the first place, it is strange that my armor changes its shape against my will. That was never the case when I was in the Demon King’s army.

	“Not like worrying about it would help. I’m sure it’s some magic seal or something along those lines.”

	The magical tool on my neck that I thought was removed has returned to me.

	Now that magic cannot be used, there is no point in thinking about escaping.

	“The next time I meet him, I’ll show you something…!”

	“What are you muttering from a while ago? Let’s go back to training.”

	“I know alright!”

	“Alright, don’t lag behind me okay!”

	While yelling at Nack, he started running.

	Don’t you forget, you monster with human skin. The next time I meet, I’ll make you say I’m stronger than before…!

	I yelled deep in me and focused on training.

	* * *

	Side story: Suzune in a neighboring country

	Glarial Kingdom.

	That is the third country we visited to deliver the letter.

	It was surprisingly easy to hand over the letter. But instead, we were asked by the King of Glarial.

	“So you want to save the crisis of Mia Rak?”

	Mia Rak, a city located next to the Kingdom of Glarial.

	By the time we came to the Kingdom of Glarial, there was already a problem in that city.

	That a knight belonging to Mia Rak went berserk, freezing the water around Mia Rak and trying to destroy the city.

	And the people of Mia Rak are currently evacuating to the Kingdom of Glarial.

	Even though it is a city, the number of people living in Mia Rak is not small. The Kingdom of Glarial is rationing their supplies with the people of Mia Rak, but not for long.

	At this rate, the people of Mia Rak must be abandoned.

	At that time when we had to make a ruthless decision, we appeared in front of King Glarial.

	“Usato-kun…”

	The castle of Mia Rak is still in contact using HootBird.

	By the time we arrived, Usato-kun had already arrived at Mia Rak and seemed to be working to stop the knight.

	……When I heard the contents of the contact, I was relieved that the knight who was running out of control alone was set up in a close-ranged battle and nothing changed.

	“Are you worried?”

	“…Yeah. Obviously I would be.”

	Outside the gates of Glarial, Kurumia came next to me watching the Mia Rak people resting in a tent.

	“I heard that the knight would have been given the title of hero. Such a person is rampaging while turning into a dragon… and I’m worried about what would happen to Usato-kun…”

	I don’t even know what’s happening in Mia Rak.

	However, hearing the knight that is turning into a dragon and rampaging, one can imagine how serious the situation is.

	The existence of a dragon is depicted as a strong existence in any story. It’s no exception in this world.

	“And, what is your true intention?”

	“I’m so embarrassed that I don’t wanna meet him now.”

	Hiding her face in the words of Kurumia with her hand, she writhes in shame.

	I caused so much trouble since coming here……!

	Moreover, the rumors have been spreading, and it has become a lot of trouble…!

	“Usato-sama is also having it hard. Because of the peculiarity of being a healing magician, the rumor has warped into many different reviation…”

	“Uuuuuh…”

	“It’s basically that. Hitting a monster with his bare hands, blinded yourself with healing magic, and lastly, those who were beaten by Usato-kun got stuck as if they were tied up with gold… Those were some of the rumours.”

	“…”

	In the last few months, Usato-kun has been treated like a superhuman.

	He’s supposed to be a magician… Healing magic isn’t blinding, Usato-kun shouldn’t be able to do that…

	“Actually, I know that Usato-kun is okay…! But I don’t know what kind of face I should make when I meet him. Maybe, surely, no, Usato-kun is definitely trying to get revenge on me. Yes… No, I’d like that, but I’m too embarrassed to meet first, so I can’t decide…”

	“…You’re troublesome”

	“So terrible!?”

	Although I am aware that it is troublesome, it hurts the most to be told face to face!?

	In my words, Kurumia gives up her shoulders as if she was aware.

	“I don’t know a maiden’s heart. So can’t we just leave it as we’re heading to Usato-sama’s help??”

	“Gugugu, my servant is too strict…”

	“And there are those who are suffering now. You can’t pretend not to see it. Right?”

	“…I know, so I think I’m ready to leave.”

	“For that reason, you want to escape from here.”

	“Uh, that’s…”

	This child really pokes in all sorts of painful places.

	However, they’re still true. There is no option from the beginning not to go to Mia Rak because I don’t have a face to meet Usato-kun.

	Now, in front of me are the people of Mia Rak who cannot go home, and behind me are the people of the Kingdom of Glarial who are doing their best for them.

	First of all, we have to disregard individual feelings and solve the problem of Mia Rak―,

	“Hero-sama —!”

