I looked around once more, surveying the area. Nothing. So, I turned my attention back down again to finish off the groaning knight. But I was astonished to find that he had also seemingly vanished! I couldn’t help but wonder if this was part of the enemy army’s magic. Or perhaps this was what Amila had meant.

“It’s the monsters,” I said.

It must have been the kidnappers—the nonviolent soldiers who ran through the battlefield. I started laughing harder than I’d ever laughed in my life. It was just as she’d said! Those ridiculous humans were actually here!

Unable to contain my giddiness, I howled with laughter as I stood on the battlefield. My armor squirmed wildly as if it were trying to express my emotions. When I calmed down, my armor returned to its usual state, and I started walking again.

The war wasn’t over just yet. There was someone stronger out there—a human who would give me the thrill I was seeking. Just the thought of it kept me laughing like crazy.

Funnily enough, something else caught my eye, A short distance away, I saw a bright light and lightning, which blasted through the air with a deafening roar. These two types of magic were especially strong.

“This looks like fun,” I stated. I broke into a smile and headed toward it. I couldn’t wait to toy with the enemy.





* * *





I had healed so many people since the battle started that I was starting to lose count. Wounded soldiers were being rushed in and out of the tent. I was in the middle of healing when Rose suddenly mumbled, “It’s time.”

Orga looked concerned. “Will you be leaving, Rose-san?”

“You idiot,” she said, “when we’re here, you know damn well to call me Captain.”

It took me a few moments to understand what she’d meant: I would have to join her in battle. I had more than enough magic at my disposal. My uniform was as white and as clean as it was on the day that I’d received it.

“It’s showtime, Usato. You ready?” Rose said. Her smile was even fiercer than usual.

“Of course. You trained me to be your right-hand man, and I’m ready,” I replied.

“Yeah. Good to hear. Almost forgot you’re a go-getter. Looks like I was worried for nothin’,” she grinned.

“Were you worried about me?” I asked. “I had no idea.”

“Hah! Always have a comeback now, don’t ya? Orga, Ururu, hold down the fort. If enemies ambush the tent, I want you to run for the hills,” Rose commanded.

This was important for the siblings in the rear to remember. They weren’t very strong, so the best thing they could do in a fight was run like hell. If something were to happen to them, the wounded would go unhealed.

“Understood. Don’t worry about us. Just focus on saving as many people as you can,” Orga replied.

“Don’t get hurt,” Ururu said.

Rose simply replied, “Thanks.” She turned away from them and nonchalantly waved goodbye. It looked casual, but I could tell that it was full of emotion.

“Orga-san, Ururu-san. I don’t want this to be our last goodbye. I’ll do everything in my power to make sure that doesn’t happen,” I said reassuringly.

“Take care,” Orga said.

Ururu also chimed in. “If it’s too dangerous, you can always run away, Usato-kun. Please come back safely.”

After we said our farewells, I attempted to catch up to Rose.

“Hurry up,” she barked.

I silently complied and followed her outside the tent. When I emerged from the tent, Aruku showered me with words of encouragement and told me how our soldiers were faring. The enemy had pushed through a good deal of the army, but even so our men were standing their ground.

Sweat dripped from my forehead as I walked behind Rose. Suddenly, she turned to me. “I’ve got one last word of advice,” she noted.

“Yes?” I asked curiously.

“You can’t kill anyone, that right?” she inquired.

“Right. I mean, my duty is to save people, not kill them,” I answered.

“If you spout that nonsense when they’ve got you surrounded, you’d be one stupid son of a bitch,” she said.

That scenario hadn’t even occurred to me. The plan was to instantly heal and flee if they attacked, but Rose wasn’t satisfied with my strategy.

“Well, if you’re gonna do somethin’ stupid, I might as well teach you a technique I’ve been saving for a moment like this. I’m only gonna say it once, so listen up,” she ordered.

“Yes, ma’am,” I answered.

And with that, Rose told me about her technique. It was so mind-boggling that I honestly didn’t know how to react. There was no good reason to use it, and even if I did it right, I would just end up fainting. But despite all that, I couldn’t deny that it was the epitome of the wrong way to use healing magic.

“That technique’s amazing” I murmured.

“Heh. Glad you agree,” she answered.

“Wait. Did you create that technique just for me?” I asked.

“As if,” she replied.

“In any case, thank you,” I said.

She turned away from me and grunted, then looked straight ahead. “Tong told me something that sounds kinda suspicious,” she mumbled.

“What’s that?” I asked.

“It’s about an enemy in black armor. His magic is dangerous, so better watch out,” she noted.

“Black armor, huh?”

I grimaced.

The vision flashed in my head once more. In the worst-case scenario, Kazuki and Inukami would die. I shook my head in an attempt to shake off the image that was burned into my mind.

“You listening?” Rose growled.

“Oh, uh, y-yes, ma’am!” I answered.

It’s too late to worry. We’ve got a battle to fight.

I took a deep breath, focused, and sharpened my senses. Now that my sense of hearing was heightened, sounds from the battlefield poured into my ears. I was more nervous than I’d ever been in my life. My body was tight with fear, but I couldn’t stop my legs from marching onto the field.

“Let’s go, Usato,” Rose commanded.

I took a deep breath. If we were on the battlefield together, nothing could scare me.

“Yes, Captain!” I shouted.

The captain and I took off like a rocket.





As I ran toward the front lines, I caught a glance of Rose splitting off from me to cover other parts of the field. The overwhelming smell of iron—of spilled blood—filled my nose as I breathed in the air. My eyes started to water from the unbearable stench, but I had to keep breathing if I wanted to get used to it. I didn’t come this far to let trivial things like this slow me down.

I ignored the Demon Lord’s soldiers that were coming my way. There were wounded men on the field, but I was confident that the other members would bring them back to the tent. I was focused on cutting through the field to the front lines ahead.

“So, this is the battlefield,” I whispered.

This was the moment I’d been training for. I wouldn’t let the war take me down. I refused to stand frozen with fear. The battle on the front lines was so brutal and bloody that healing myself wasn’t an option. Even so, I knew what I had to do next.

I spotted two wounded soldiers on the field and ran to them with all the power I had in my legs. I was strong because I’d trained my body. I saw fast-moving objects because I’d trained in the forest. I zigzagged through the field because I’d trained in town. All my fatigue would be healed by magic. My healing magic couldn’t be in better shape!

I sped through the field, weaving through allied and enemy soldiers alike, and took the shortest route to a wounded person on the ground. I swiftly lifted them up, only for them to say, “Whaaat?! You’re a healer?!”





The nearby demons swung their axes at me, but it was too late. They were so weak that any of the brawny rescue team members could’ve beaten them. Escaping the demons was as easy as pie.

My goal wasn’t to strike down my enemies, but to rescue everyone that I could. I carried the wounded as I effortlessly dodged the enemy’s axes. Ignoring all the enemies who tried to attack me, I scooped up a wounded soldier in my other arm without any trouble. After that, I sped off the field and retreated from the front lines.

The second person in my arm turned toward me. “Unh? Who? Who are you?”

They were conscious and their injuries could be easily healed in a matter of seconds. I had already finished healing the soldier in my other arm, and they were conscious as well. They were both proof that the soldiers fighting on the front lines possessed a frightening amount of strength and perseverance.

“I’m almost done healing you. Please stay still for a moment,” I instructed.

After I stepped away from the front lines, I helped the two people back to their feet. They both stared at me in astonishment as they rubbed the spots I’d healed. There was no time to explain. I had to get back to the battle. Soldiers were fighting for their lives, and it was my job to save them.

“You’re all healed. If you’re still not feeling well, I advise you to stay away from the front lines,” I said. After that, I ran to the front lines.

So long as I’m here, I’m not going to let anyone die.





Side story: Suzune’s Journal





Before we battle the Demon Lord’s army, I’d like to write down what I’m feeling right now. If I die in this war, I want you to read the rest of this journal. I’d like to tell you the story of Suzune Inukami—the girl who has now accepted her fate.

My life was terribly boring. Studies, sports, you name it—I mastered everything I set out to complete. I was blessed with a loving family and great friends at school. It was a picture-perfect life, but a painfully boring one, nonetheless.

I hated myself, so I asked other people about their futures. I didn’t know what I wanted to do with my life and felt jealous when people told me their dreams.

I know it’s ridiculous. I’m the one who stopped thinking for myself—who closed myself off from the world—because I thought that I could do anything. As it turns out, my attitude only tightened my shackles. I was the one who stopped fighting my fate, and yet there I was, distraught by the state of the world. I know it sounds silly, but that’s how I felt.

I never wanted perfection. I just wanted a life that wasn’t controlled by my parents, but that wasn’t something they were willing to give me. I was born into a distinguished family that was chained to old, traditional values.

From a young age, I spent my days studying and taking various lessons in the hopes that I would live up to my parents’ expectations. I was never allowed to play with my peers.

That was when it really hit me. Did I want to live my life as an obedient marionette to my parents? I was disappointed in myself for being perfect. It was clear that a monotonous existence was imminent. Before I came to this world, the thought of it plagued me every day.

Some people might say that I’m blessed. If they don’t find being born to a distinguished family—and being shackled to a predictable life—boring, then you know what? Maybe they’re right.

But that will not make me happy. The truth is . . . I hated it.



Usato-kun, Kazuki-kun, this next section’s for you.

When I was first summoned to this world, the only person I ever thought about was myself. I was ready to start a new life and I was ecstatic. I had escaped our old world; my mission was complete. But you two are living a continuation of who you were back on Earth.

Watching you two really lit up my world. Despite your worries and fears, you had one, pure motivation: to get used to life in this world. I had escaped my old shackles and had a chance to walk a new path in life. Watching you two try your best inspired me to start something new.

Kazuki-kun is worried about the upcoming battle. Though he may feel uncertain, I can tell that he’s trying to find his place in the world. As someone who knew who you were back on Earth, I think your efforts are nothing short of inspiring. It’s hard to change who you are—believe me, I know—so watching you do this is simply incredible.



Usato-kun, you’re an interesting fellow.

You act kind of stoic around me but deep down I know that you’re incredibly strong-willed. Come to think of it, out of you, me, and Kazuki-kun, you were the first one to decide which path you would take in this world.

To be honest, I was really nervous when we talked in the forest. But not only were you unfazed by what I said, you sympathized with me and told me that you admire fantasy worlds.

When you told me that you accepted who I wanted to be, that was the happiest moment of all. I wasn’t the fake Suzune Inukami I was back on Earth; I was the real me, in this world, and you accepted me for all that I am.

This might be a little too direct, but of all the people to get dragged to this world, I’m glad it was you. As much as you might deny it, you’re irreplaceable to Kazuki-kun, and of course, to me as well.

That’s why I’ll do my best to be just like you.

When I made that promise to you in the forest, I wasn’t kidding. I want to fight for the place where I—where we—all belong.

Both of you are here in this world.

I won’t despair anymore.



—Suzune Inukami





The Wrong Way to Use Healing Magic Volume 1

(CHIYUMAHO NO MACHIGATTA TSUKAIKATA -SENJO O KAKERU KAIHUKUYOIN-Vol.1)

©KUROKATA 2016

First published in Japan in 2016 by KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo.

English translation rights arranged with KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo.





ISBN: 978-1-64273-227-6





No part of this may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by storage and retrieval system without the written permission of the publisher. For information contact One Peace Books. Every effort has been made to accurately present the work presented herein. The publisher and authors regret unintentional inaccuracies or omissions, and do not assume responsibility for the accuracy of the translation in this book. Neither the publishers nor the artists and authors of the information presented in herein shall be liable for any loss of profit or any other commercial damages, including but not limited to special, incidental, consequential or other damages.





Written by KUROKATA

Art by KeG

Translated by Kristi Fernandez

English Edition Published by One Peace Books 2022





One Peace Books

43-32 22nd Street STE 204 Long Island City New York 11101

www.onepeacebooks.com





