I didn’t think I could become a full-blown Rose, but as a healer, I knew that I could take Nack and toughen him up good and proper.

It was a promise I made to myself.





* * *





“Training starts tomorrow. For today, make sure you eat well and get a good night’s sleep.”

First up, we had to consider Nack’s physical condition. It didn’t seem like he ate well. The healing magic had brought some color back to his face, but it could only do so much—he just wasn’t in good shape.

Though healing magic could keep him free from exhaustion, it wasn’t a substitute for nourishment. Eating good meals was going to be important. I’d learned the importance of nutrition after training firsthand. I knew the tears of joy that came after that first day of training when dinner was served and every cell in my body cried out for food. It probably wasn’t even an exaggeration to say that I’d never been angrier than the time that Tong swiped some of my food.

“Um . . .”

Nack’s voice stirred me from my trip down memory lane. He looked confused.

“Where . . . am I?” he asked.

Oh, right. I completely forgot to tell him where we are.

“Well . . .”

How to put it? Is it okay to just come straight out and tell him this is a beastkin’s house? I don’t really want him going all crazy and causing Kiriha and Kyo any trouble.

“Usato,” said Amako, pulling at my sleeve.

“Hm? What’s up, Amako?”

Her head was still covered by her hood, and it looked as if she were about to point toward the door when she suddenly stopped as if she’d messed up somehow.

“Sorry, I was too late,” she said.

Huh? Too late for what?

Just as I was about to verbalize my thoughts, the door behind us opened with a slam as someone entered. I had a feeling I knew what was going on, and I turned to find the ever-excitable smiling face of Inukami-senpai.

“Usato-kun!” she cried. “How is he? Is he okay?”

“Hold up! Didn’t I tell you not to go waltzing around like this?! I told you that I’d show you around! What are you doing?!”

That was Kyo’s voice I could hear right behind her.

Senpai was right there looking at me with a huge smile, and when she noticed Nack sitting up in bed, she froze.

Nack was in shock. He looked first at Kyo, trying to catch his breath as he chased senpai, then at Amako, who had taken her hood off, the annoyance clear on her face. He looked at them, then at me, his mouth opening and closing soundlessly as he did so.

Senpai seemed to realize she’d been the cause of it all and quickly straightened her posture. She looked almost bashful as she put a hand to her head with a nervous grin.

“Er . . . sorry?” she said.

Yes, this is all your fault.

“Huh? B-Beastkin? Um . . . Usato? Is this . . .”

Needless to say, it took a long time to properly explain the situation to the puzzled young Nack.





Chapter 4: Nack’s Training Begins!





Usato brought another healer home yesterday. Went by the name of Nack. When he looked at us beastkin, I could see fear and a hint of confusion in his eyes. Still, he was so weak we couldn’t just send him home, so I let him stay the night.

We introduced ourselves to each other, but I didn’t think we’d talk much more than that. To be honest, I didn’t know how to go about even starting a conversation. I mean, he was clearly terrified of me and Kyo.

All the same, it wasn’t like I wanted to get all buddy-buddy with him. But I was worried about whether it was even possible to take someone so timid and cowardly and make him strong enough to beat Mina.

For all you could say about Mina’s personality, as a mage, she was a cut above the rest. Though she was still developing, she used incendiary burst magic—it was more powerful than regular fire magic and its effects were instantaneous. In comparison, Nack—and I felt bad for admitting it—was just a gangly, pitiful healer. That alone put a huge gap between the two of them.

How in the world was Usato going to raise Nack’s level to the point that he was competitive with Mina? I figured it was impossible, so I was very curious about what training Usato had in mind—in every sense of the word, Usato was beyond all expectations.

“If I recall correctly, he said they’d been in town today,” I stated.

Daily school life was different for each student. So long as you took enough compulsory classes, you were free to choose the other subjects as you wished. Play your cards right, and you could finish class before everyone else.

“But how is he going to train in town?” I asked.

“Well, that is what he said yesterday,” said Kyo.

Kyo and I shared most of the same classes, so we tended to finish and start at the same times. We’d finished early in the afternoon today, so we came to town to get a look at Usato and Nack’s training.

When I thought about how stoic Usato looked yesterday morning, I had a feeling his training regimen was no joke. It was also hard to imagine it being normal, given the monstrous strength that was on display in his sparring match with Halpha. In any case, I was preparing myself for—and also somewhat excited to see—something terrifying.

“Sis, you didn’t see Usato and his friend this morning, did you?” Kyo asked.

“You mean Nack. And no, he and Usato were already out training before I even woke up.”

Usato had asked me to leave some bread on the table yesterday. It was gone when I woke, so it looked like they both had breakfast. As for Amako, after she woke up, she said she was going to the stables and then she left. So Kyo and I ate breakfast, just the two of us, which was what we were used to. Still, it surprised me how lonely it suddenly felt. Maybe I felt that way because Suzune had been with us last night, and when it came to her, the word “eccentric” was putting it mildly. It was a rowdy evening in all sorts of ways.

“What do you think he’s up to?” asked Kyo.

Perhaps the one who changed the most, however, was Kyo. Since moving to Luqvist, Kyo had endured all sorts of discrimination and bad treatment, and unlike me, he made it known that he wasn’t fond of humans. That was the way he always was, but then last night I couldn’t believe how normal he seemed around Usato.

“Hm? What is it?” asked Kyo. “Is there something on my face?”

“Uh, no, it’s nothing,” I said.

Kyo was kind and gentle at heart. His aggressive, angry attitude until now was mostly an act he forced himself to put on. And though I was genuinely glad for the change in him, it made me wonder about myself.

“Oh, I just remembered,” said Kyo. “When Usato slammed Halpha in the guts with that punch, you flinched. What was that all about?”

“Oh, you mean yesterday?”

I thought back to Halpha flying through the air like a ball. When it happened, I couldn’t help thinking that could have been me on the day that Usato first came to our house. The thought sent uncontrollable shivers through my body. If Amako hadn’t stepped in and stopped him, who knew how I would have ended up.

“It was nothing,” I said.

“You keep saying that,” Kyo started, then shrugged. “Well, as long as you’re okay, I guess.”

I could see by the look in his eyes that he wasn’t really convinced, but he turned back toward the direction we were walking. I did the same, and that’s when we noticed something strange.

“Hm? What’s going on?” he asked.

“Looks like something happened,” I said.

The shopkeepers and students by the side of the street were whispering among themselves. I couldn’t work it out. The street was usually so lively, but today something was different.

Kyo looked ahead and let out a dismayed grunt.

“Kyo?”

I followed his eyes to a head of ash-gray hair on a face with a shady-looking smile.

“Halpha . . .” I muttered with shared dismay.

Neither of us were comfortable around the guy. We couldn’t get behind his warped obsession with strength and his take-no-prisoners fighting style. The fact that he only ever approached the strong in a friendly manner was, above all else, really creepy. When he noticed us, he shot us a grin and walked over.

“Hello there,” he said. “On your way home?”

As usual, the guy was all too happy to strike up conversation. But seeing him here made me wonder: what was he doing so far from school grounds? He rarely ever came out this far because he lived in the school dormitories.

“Yes. Are you okay after yesterday?” I asked. “No injuries?”

Halpha chuckled.

“Nothing worth worrying about. All of Usato’s attacks had healing magic in them—so they were all safe. Well, the shock from them was beyond belief, but still . . .”

He rubbed his arms with great joy as he spoke—if there was anyone as battle-crazy as Halpha, we had yet to meet them. But what was a lunatic like him doing out in a place like this?

“Um, what are you doing here?” I asked. “On business for the headmistress?”

Halpha’s magic sight was convenient in a number of ways. Originally, it wasn’t used in battle, but it was a magic considered quite rare among a select group of those who researched magic. Halpha’s magic sight and combat abilities earned him Headmistress Gladys’s trust.

“Exactly that. She asked me to call Usato for her as soon as possible.”

“As soon as possible?”

“You haven’t heard?”

“Heard what?”

Halpha looked shocked at our puzzled expressions.

Had Usato done something that required the headmistress’s intervention?

He didn’t look like the type to cause a major disturbance all on his own, but . . . he was kind of air-headed, so it wasn’t completely out of the question.

“I’m not entirely sure of the particulars myself,” said Halpha, “but it appears he’s been running around town since morning, and the complaints have reached the headmistress herself.”

What in the world are you up to, Usato? Running around town? Complaints?

“You have to be doing something pretty rowdy to cause a disturbance in a place this bustling,” said Kyo. “What did he do?”

“Beats me,” I said.

Luqvist was different from other nations in that it was naturally very rowdy and a bit wild—most of its inhabitants were kids, after all. Magic was often flying through the streets, and nobody batted an eyelid.

“I’m waiting for him,” said Halpha. “Based on what I’ve heard, he should be passing by fairly soon.”

“So that’s why you’re here?”

“Exactly. It’s far too much trouble to chase him down while he’s on the move,” said Halpha, scratching his head. “Funny. You’re quite talkative today, aren’t you?”

“Huh?”

“I’m just surprised,” said Halpha. “Usually when I try talking to you, we barely even have anything resembling a conversation.”

This was true enough—I rarely ever talked with Halpha this much. Kyo and I didn’t have anyone around us we’d call friends. And the only one weird enough to go talking to us was Halpha.

“That doesn’t mean we’re having a good time,” said Kyo. “If you want a conversation, you can start by wiping that shady grin off your face.”

Halpha laughed.

“Always so venomous, aren’t you?” he said.

Kyo let out a sharp “Hmph!” to which Halpha smiled awkwardly.

But at the same time, Halpha was right. Whenever humans talked to us, we either ignored them completely or kept things as short as we possibly could. It was pretty rare for us to talk to humans the way we were talking to Halpha. I hadn’t been aware of it at the time, but it probably started when we met Usato. That had only been two days ago, but even then, Usato and Amako had left quite the impression on Kyo and me.

The people in the streets were up in arms, and we could hear it loud and clear.

“Hey, looks like they’re coming!”

“H-Hide your familiars!”

“What the?!”

It all struck me as strange, but the students around us really did put their familiars behind them or otherwise tried to hide them.

“Huh? What?” I uttered.

Why is everyone getting so panicked?

Then we felt a truly unnatural air wash over us, along with the heavy, plodding sound of footsteps. It sounded like something much heavier than a person, and though it seemed impossible here in these streets, I still found myself clenching my fists and getting ready for a fight.

Kyo was no different. The two of us kept our eyes on the road ahead, but all we could see was the big gate in the distance.

“Why are you following us?” asked Kyo.

“I am so curious,” said Halpha.

I flashed Halpha an annoyed glare, then turned back to the road ahead. The main street stretched to the city gates, and we could see all the way to them. I strained my eyes to get a better look just as a small figure leaped out from behind a corner. We could hear him puffing and panting.

“Nack?”

There was no doubting it. It was Nack. He’d burst out onto the main street and ran toward us, almost tripping over his own feet. His face was a mess of tears and snot.

“S-Sis! What in the world is going on?!”

“Don’t ask me! It looks like he’s being chased by something, but—”

But before I could finish my sentence, another figure burst out from the same corner Nack had just come from. It was a mass of blue and white.

The unsightly creature was like nothing Luqvist had ever seen, and it tore up the ground beneath its feet as it approached us. As I saw the eyes of the man and the beast, I finally understood what I was looking at. I let out a shriek of disbelief.

It was Usato carrying a giant bear on his back like it was nothing. The two of them had terrifying looks in their eyes and they were chasing after Nack.





* * *





“Gladys called for me?”

Usato hadn’t even noticed us until Halpha stopped him so he could pass on the message from the headmistress.





Usato gave the Blue Grizzly a pat, which he’d put on the ground. He then crossed his arms in thought.

“Got it,” he said. “Then I’ll go to her right away.”

“I’d very much appreciate it. And, uh . . . will he be okay?”

There was some hesitation in Halpha’s voice. He looked at an unconscious Nack lying on the Blue Grizzly’s back.

“Oh, you mean Nack?” asked Usato.

The young healer had been running like a crazy man fearing for his life. But there was something that looked like relief on his face when Usato had called out for him to stop, after which he’d summarily crumpled to the ground.

“He’ll be fine,” said Usato. “We’ve only been running half a day, and I’ve been keeping him healed.”

“Wait wait wait. Half a day?! Are you a monster?!”

I had known from the start that Usato’s training wasn’t going to be normal, but this was straight-up outrageous!

Only half a day?! What kind of training is that?! If you want to build a person’s endurance, you don’t have to run them to death!

And why did Usato make it sound like his intention was to keep running straight on for the rest of the day?!

And can we talk about that Blue Grizzly for a second?! They’re renowned for their ferocious strength! They’re not something you just wear across your shoulders like a scarf!

I was so shocked that I couldn’t help but just blurt out what I felt. The monster looked like he had no idea what I was talking about.

“Uh . . . no. That’s rude to monsters, Kiriha,” said Usato with a wry grin. “What I’m doing isn’t monstrous at all.”

“Wait . . . why am I the one being chastised here?” I replied.

Does he seriously not understand what he’s doing?

Halpha looked off into the distance with his usual smile and nodded.

“I shouldn’t have expected anything less,” he said.

“Are you out of your mind?” I said.

This was entirely beyond the level of expectations. It was no wonder the students on the street were in a total panic. All of us students who were studying here rarely, if ever, fought monsters. And when we did, either they were weak or they were familiars. Blue Grizzlies lived in high-density mana areas and were incredibly tough, so we never saw them. And if we ever were to face something that massive, it’d tear us to pieces with its sharp claws and we’d be helpless to do a thing.

But Usato had simply hoisted one onto his back and was stomping around the city with it like some freak weirdo healer. I was really beginning to doubt the guy was even actually human.

And also, was the near-dead and still unconscious Nack even okay? What they were doing wasn’t training—it was more like some kind of torture.

“Usato, you are . . .”

“Hm?” asked Usato, putting a hand on the head of his Blue Grizzly.

Insane.

That’s how I intended to finish the sentence, but I held the word back and managed a twitchy smile.

“Oh, Blurin? Uh, that’s the name of this guy. My partner. We came here together. Gladys just gave me permission yesterday to take him out of the stables.”

Usato explained that the grizzly was perfect for weight training. It growled in response. Then it slapped at Usato’s legs with an annoyed look. The dull, heavy sound of the slaps was clear as day, but Usato looked entirely unfazed. I was horrified.

“Alright, so you’ve got a bear called Blurin,” said Kyo. “But why are you lugging it around on your shoulders in the middle of the day chasing after Nack? When you said ‘hard training,’ I was picturing something very different. What you’re doing . . . Well, it’s loony.”

“Oh, carrying Blurin just means that I can get in some of my own training while I’m training Nack. It’s like a bonus. I only have five days to toughen Nack up, so we’re pretty limited in terms of what we can do. Er . . . by the way, what do you mean ‘loony’?”

Did he just say . . . “bonus”?

Usato and a Blue Grizzly charging down the street is the stuff nightmares are made of.

“I don’t have the time to train Nack the way that I was trained. I don’t know how to be that cruel and cold-hearted, so naturally, the training is going to suffer. On top of that, training Nack’s whole body is no easy task. With that in mind, I figured we’d focus on the legs. That way, all we have to do is run!”

Rather than do a half-assed job training for a lot of different things, Usato had decided to focus on strengthening his legs. I was surprised to hear that there was a method to the madness.

“With a good set of legs, you can outrun almost every enemy. For the Llinger Kingdom Rescue Team, the basics start with running. The reason I’m still alive today, and the reason I’ve saved so many people, is because of all the running we did. Not that I intend to make Nack do exactly what I did,” Usato explained.

“Speaking of which, what kind of training did you do, Usato?” asked Halpha.

“I was left alone to fend for myself in a forest filled with monsters for ten days. I wasn’t allowed back until I’d hunted down a Grand Grizzly. Oh, and there were the weighted push-ups I had to do endlessly, and then dodging the captain’s punches, and . . .”

“Please stop. That’s more than enough,” I said.

“How are you even still alive right now?” added Kyo.

This captain was the person who taught Usato healing magic, right? It wasn’t a monster hiding in human skin, right?

I felt myself cringing as Usato broke into an awkward smile.

“At first it was really hard, and I can’t remember how many times I just wanted to run away. But it was all a necessary part of the process, so I don’t regret any of it. If it weren’t for my training, I never would have met Blurin either.”

I had to admit, I was very curious about how he’d managed to keep things friendly with a Blue Grizzly, but I had no doubt it was something extreme and/or all-out heroic. You could just tell at a single glance that there was that kind of level of trust between the two of them—it wasn’t a master-and-servant kind of relationship.

“I’m so jealous . . .” I uttered without thinking.

Kyo and Halpha both turned to me.

“Er, uh . . . no,” I stuttered, waving my hands to let them know they had the wrong idea. “I just . . . I just wish I had a cute pet too.”

I regretted the words the instant they left my mouth.

“Are you for real, sis?” asked Kyo, his face scrunching up. “That thing doesn’t terrify you?”

“Right?” said Usato. “He is cute. You want to touch him?”

But Blurin let out a clear grumble and glared at me.

“Uh . . . maybe next time?” I said. “I mean, you have to go see the headmistress, right? I don’t want to keep you.”

“Oh, yeah. I also have to get back to Nack’s training. Next time sounds good.”

Usato’s reply was a huge relief. However placid a monster might be, you needed a special kind of courage to go touching one.

“I guess I’ll get going,” said Usato. “Are you going to see Gladys as well, Halpha?”

“I’ve got a little shopping to do, so I’ll leave you to it.”

“Fair enough. Uh, Kiriha, Kyo . . . Nack and I will be back late tonight, so if it’s not too much trouble, could you ready a meal for him?”

“Okay. One or two more mouths to feed isn’t a problem.”

“Thanks! Alright, let’s go, Blurin.”

And with that, Usato and his Blue Grizzly walked off toward school—the healer in his white coat, his big monster buddy, and another healer spread across the bear’s back like some kind of hunted prey. It was anything but an ordinary sight.

I suddenly felt exhausted, even though we hadn’t spoken all that long.

“That Usato,” muttered Kyo. “He’s all sorts of amazing.”

“Yes, but I dare say it’s not the kind of thing you want to mimic,” I said.

“You got that right.”

I watched as the trio walked off toward school. I was filled with an unplaceable feeling, one that I knew but would not let out.

It was an emotion I’d left behind.





* * *





After chatting with Kiriha and the others, Blurin and I headed to school with the unconscious Nack. I left the bear and the boy outside and headed to the headmistress’s office, where Gladys greeted me with a great big sigh.

“What a mess. What a gigantic mess,” she said with a worried look.

I figured it was because I’d gone too far with my training. I’d done things just the way I would have back in Llinger Kingdom. But this was a different place.

“I’m sorry,” I said. “I’ll run somewhere different next time.”

“No, it’s not about that,” said Gladys. “Do you not know what I’m talking about?”

“You’re talking about me doing my training in town, right? I mean, you gave me permission to let Blurin free yesterday . . . and that’s really the only thing that comes to mind.”

“Well, yes, it is true that I gave you that permission yesterday. That said! Instead of walking your giant bear around, you wear it like a backpack?! Who in their right mind would have thought you’d ever run around town like that?!”

“Huh?!”

I realized that she was right. When I thought about it, I saw that it was pretty out of the ordinary. I’d just gotten too used to the reactions of the Llinger people. When I saw people walking around with their familiars in Luqvist, I figured running would be fine too.

“My apologies. Let’s start over,” said Gladys, composing herself. “I know what happened after the . . . commotion yesterday. But would you mind telling me what led to you doing what you did?”

I gave Gladys the basic rundown of the commotion in town that had resulted in my agreeing to train Nack. When I was done, a troubled expression drifted to Gladys’s face and she put a hand to her head.

“I must apologize,” she said, “that one of our students would cause you such trouble.”

“No, it’s mostly my fault for sticking my nose into things,” I replied.

“Even putting that aside, we must take responsibility for letting Mina Lycia’s behavior go on unchecked.”

Wait, does that mean that this girl was on Gladys’s radar already? She struck me as the bossy ringleader type when I met her, but maybe she’s more trouble than I first thought.

“Why haven’t you been able to do anything about her?” I asked.

“It’s all quite complicated,” replied Gladys. “For those of us running the school, we must be careful about how we handle the children of the families that are our benefactors—a wrong step could be seen as a betrayal of trust. Nobles are a very troublesome type to deal with. They’re always meeting and sharing information at some gathering or another, and it would be very bad for us if they ever became aware of a scandal—the school isn’t supported by one noble but by many. It runs on the donations of the nobility and other countries.”

“In other words, you can’t just tell her off like you want to, but you can’t actually teach her either,” I surmised.

“That’s the long and the short of it, yes.”

That’s not just a mess; that’s pretty much a meltdown.

I could understand the position that Gladys and her fellow instructors were in. Their hands were tied because the issue affected the continued existence of the school itself. But that didn’t mean that Mina should be free to do whatever she liked.

Back in my home world, Mina would have been seen as a spoiled problem child and her noble mother and father would have been her monster parents. In my home world, perhaps the school had a few more options, but here, things were different. Without the nobility supporting it, the school could not go on.

After a long silence, Gladys asked me a sudden question.

“Now, it seems to me like you need a place to train the young healer, Nack, yes?”

“Um, well, yes. I don’t want to cause any commotion in town with our running, so I’ll start looking for somewhere new. I mean, if worse comes to worst, I’ll just take Nack up into the mountains for five days.”

I noticed a truly pleading look in Gladys’s eyes.

“I beg of you,” she said. “Do not do that.”

It was so good though—in the wild, I learned how to survive and sharpened my senses.

“You may use the school’s practice grounds,” said Gladys. “It should be a much more suitable environment for running than the streets. As the supervisor for the entire school, I’m not to speak my own opinion when it comes to personal issues between students. However, as an individual, I’ll be cheering that young healer on. Not that it makes much of a difference to him, but still . . .”

Even if the school couldn’t raise a hand to Mina, the truth was they’d let Mina’s bullying continue. Still, it wasn’t my place to criticize them.

I switched my train of thought to the new training grounds. I imagined it was the same place where Halpha and I had sparred. It was definitely big enough for Nack and Blurin to get some good running done. I asked Gladys about how much of it we could use and if students used it for classes. But it turned out that the grounds were left completely free and open for the week before the magic competition. We were free to use it during school hours.

Gladys giggled as I stood, arms crossed, lost in thought about what to do with Nack.

“Something about that look on your face reminds me of her,” she said.

“Her? You mean the captain?” I asked.

“Yes. Whenever she thinks about what to teach someone, she crosses her arms and she wears a frown just like yours.”

“Oh . . .”

Come to think of it, she does always wear an unpleasant frown whenever she assigns some new kind of training.

Does that mean that I was frowning like her without realizing it? I tilted my head and touched a finger to my brow. Gladys laughed.

“At a glance, you just look like some random young boy. But there’s no mistaking the signs—you’re every bit one of her students.”

“Is it really that obvious? I’m not even aware of it.”

“It’s in the little gestures, like the one you showed just now, and in all those wild things you do.”

I was mostly happy to be told as much, but another part of me admittedly had mixed feelings about it.

“You trust her, don’t you?” asked Gladys.

“I . . . yeah. I do. She’s pretty much insane, but I respect her.”

Rose put me through the kind of training that could only be called torture, but I was who I was because of her. When senpai, Kazuki, and I were summoned to this world, I wasn’t like the two heroes who had roles to play. I was ready to run and hide somewhere. Rose showed me the ways of the Rescue Team.

All in all—after putting aside exactly how she did it—I was just grateful to her.

“It looks like Rose finally found it.”

“Found what?”

“Usato, Rose is an incredibly strong person. She’s faster and more powerful than anyone, and her conviction is unwavering.”

I waited for Gladys to go on.

“But she’s not invincible. Even if she can break a steel blade with her bare hands, and even if her strength puts monsters to shame, in some ways, she is still weak.”

I had absolutely zero idea what that weakness might be.

Also, Gladys had said it super casually, but could Rose actually break a steel sword with her bare hands? Perhaps I was supposed to be shocked, but I wouldn’t have been surprised if she could.

“You don’t have to understand it just yet. But one day she will reveal her weakness, and you will have to be there in her time of need. You are the person she has been searching for.”

To be there for her . . .

I really didn’t know what Gladys meant when she talked about Rose’s weaknesses. Rose was the captain of the Rescue Team—she was stronger and more terrifying than anyone I knew.

Nonetheless, I took Gladys’s words to heart.

“Wow, you’re just like a teacher, Gladys,” I said.

“How rude. I’ll have you know I am a teacher.”

Oh, right.

Gladys let out a little smile at my awkwardness.

“Well, I should get back to training,” I said. “I’m so sorry for all the commotion I caused today.”

“Please just keep your antics off the town streets, okay?”

Gladys sent me off with a friendly wave as I left her office.

It was time to wake Nack up and get back into training. He’d had a pretty long break due to all the interruptions, so I figured he’d be ready to jump back into it. Not to mention, there were a lot of different things I wanted to try.

Being that we had access to the school itself, I figured it was a good opportunity to polish my own healing magic and Mana Boosting. The thought made me chuckle as I walked—I really had become something of a training junkie. Today we’d get Nack’s body used to training with some light running. Tomorrow we’d get him used to running while casting healing magic.

I must have been moving faster than I thought because I got back to the gates in less than a minute. Blurin was still there waiting for me, and Nack was there, sprawled out on the Blue Grizzly’s back like he was napping on a giant rug.

“Sorry for the wait, Blurin,” I said. “Now then, let’s wake Nack up, shall we?”

Nack was so deep in his slumber that he was drooling, so I shook him gently. A few seconds later, he opened his eyes with a groan.

“How are you feeling?” I asked.

“O-Oh. Usato? I . . . Why was I sleeping? Oh, that’s right . . . It was a nightmare . . . I was running for my life from a crazed beast.”

“Hm?”

What is he on about? A nightmare? Then again, I have heard that nightmares are more common in short periods of sleep, so I guess it’s nothing.

“Well, let’s get going,” I said.

“Huh?”

“What do you mean ‘huh’? You’re still good, right?”

Nack looked at me and froze. It was like he couldn’t understand the words that had just come out of my mouth. I tilted my head and watched as Nack began to realize that he was lying on Blurin’s back. When he looked down at his hands on Blurin’s back, he froze again. As he stared at me, he began to move slowly.

“Good for what?” he asked.

“Good for the rest of our training, of course.”

In that instant, the light in Nack’s eyes faded.





* * *





The results of Nack’s first day of training were so-so. First there was the issue of stamina, but we’d cover that in the remaining four days. I didn’t expect him to be fast, so I was mainly focused on getting him the kind of endurance and durability that would keep him constantly moving.

Starting on day two, we got into the most important part of his healing magic training. It seemed like using magic while running was difficult when you weren’t used to it, and it was a real struggle for Nack.

In my case, my body had been forced to feel and learn my magical power while I ran, so I could finally understand why Rose had made me do the things she did.

“As long as we can get him used to it, we can work something out,” I muttered.

I was thinking about the results of our training and how to improve them while I watched Blurin chase Nack around a corner of the Luqvist school practice grounds. Amako sat next to me on the ground, her hood pulled up over her head. She didn’t have anything else to do now that I’d dragged Blurin into Nack’s training, so she came to watch.

“But if it comes down to it, I’ll use Rose’s patented Demonic Nonstop Forced Training and Healing method . . . Can’t say I’ll enjoy it though . . .” I said.

“Even the name alone sounds unhinged,” she quipped.

I laughed.

“Well, of course,” I said. “This is the captain we’re talking about.”

“Yeah, but it’s just unhinged that you’re thinking of using it as a last resort.”

How rude. I’ll have you know that the real demon put me through even more than what we did yesterday, and that was before I even knew what magic really was. That is to say, I kept moving for what felt like forever, and I blacked out over and over because I couldn’t heal myself.

For whatever reason, Amako looked up at me standing there. It was like I was a pitiful sight, worthy of sympathy.

“Nack is different than you,” she said. “You’re not the same.”

“Hey! Could you not make it sound like I was crazy even before I learned magic?”

“But I can’t imagine any other way you could have overcome that crazy training you went through.”

Wait. Hang on. I’m not crazy, am I? Admittedly, my memories of that training, with all the near-death experiences, have grown kind of dim, and I feel like my heart has become hardened.

Nonetheless, I decided not to linger on the thought—Nack’s training was what mattered right now. I also opted to look in his general direction to avoid Amako’s pitying gaze.

The sight that met my eyes was that of a panting Nack on the run from a pursuing Blurin. I noticed that Nack was slowing down and that Blurin had also noticed this—the grizzly was trying to take it easy by dropping his own pace at a near imperceptible rate.

Nope. This simply will not do. Taking it easy is the antithesis of good training.

Putting Nack aside for a moment, Blurin was no different from an official member of the Rescue Team, and slacking would not be tolerated.

“Nack, you’re slowing down!” I said, giving the healer a little warning. Then I gave Blurin a good and proper scolding. “And you too, Blurin! Get your butt back in gear! If you’re really a monster, then prove it!”

For whatever reason, Nack’s eyes began to tear up as he picked up speed through ragged breaths. Blurin, on the other hand, let out a lazy growl that translated to, “Yeah, yeah, I hear ya.” Blurin increased his pace to match the young healer’s.

Well, they’re both running at about top speed now, but why would Nack respond like that?

“Ugh, I am disgusted. Honestly disgusted,” said Amako. “I know you’re trying to be kind, but when Nack sees the way you talk to Blurin, he’s like, ‘I’m next.’ So of course he’s going to be panicked. Amazing, Usato. How many times are you going to surprise me on this journey?”

She nodded in agreement at her own words, as if to say, “Yep, you’re crazy.”

“Stop that!” I shouted.

Either way, I was satisfied—at least Nack was motivated. Whatever pace he ran, we were on our way. Nack was different from Felm because he was a healer. When he was about to pass out, his body would automatically heal itself as a reflex.

When I thought about the mess he’d gotten mixed up in, I could see how it was only natural that his powers would develop in that way. But relying on automatic reactions would only get him so far. Our goal over these five days was a drastic endurance boost and getting Nack used to using his healing magic while on the move.

“Amako, can you use your prescience while you’re running?” I asked.

“Yeah. But because my magic requires such concentration, I can’t see more than a sliver when I try.”

“I have some trouble grasping that because I was trained from the start to do both at the same time. So be honest with me: am I going about training the wrong way?”

Amako let out a sigh as she dropped into quiet thought.

“I don’t know. All I can say is that . . . a healer is a mage that isn’t supposed to even fight, so it’s not right to train them for that purpose. That said, even though your training is harsh, absurd, and certifiably crazy, I see the logic to what you’re doing. Yep, even though it’s harsh, absurd, and certifiably crazy.”

“I heard you the first time!”

Yikes. I knew how she felt, but talk about scathing criticism. Regardless, I’m satisfied so long as she thinks there’s a logic to it.

And that meant I could keep it up. When it came to training, you got out of it what you put in, and nobody knew that better than I did.

“Time for me to get my own training in while we’re here,” I muttered.

The practice grounds were the perfect size for what I’d been thinking about since yesterday, and as a bonus, I could keep an eye on Nack while I did it.

“What are you doing?” asked Amako.

“I’ve been thinking about testing whether or not I can fire my healing magic.”

I wasn’t talking about ultimate control over magic bullets to attack enemies the way Kazuki had the previous day. I was just curious to see whether it was even possible.

People would probably wonder why I would even want to fire off healing light. In answer to that question, I simply wanted to explore the capabilities of my own healing magic.

“I know some general magic spells work by firing balls of magic, but is that the kind of thing you’re trying?” asked Amako.

“Yeah, pretty much. I’m always using healing magic to cover my body, but to heal someone, I have to be right next to them. If I can learn to fire my healing magic, and then I polish that skill, it could be another ace up my sleeve.”

At present, the most I could do with my healing magic was heal others and what I was having Nack do—cover his body with it to heal exhaustion as necessary.

What I wanted to do now was something that Rose had never thought to teach me. Perhaps she thought she simply didn’t need to. If she was here, maybe I could have gotten pinpoint advice. But for now, I’d simply have to feel it out on my own.

I closed my eyes, held up my right hand, and started pouring healing magic into it. I was proud of my control, which was a cut above that of most others. I gathered the magic in my palm, then tried forming it into the shape of a ball.

Pushing the magic from my hand was the same as using it. All I had to do now was see how close I could get it to what I envisioned.

I thought about Inukami-senpai, who sent out lightning as if she were releasing it from the palm of her hand. Then I thought about Kazuki, who created balls of light magic around him.

I pictured a clean, beautiful sphere of green. I didn’t need to give this any Mana Boosting; I just needed to slowly bring together the magic in my hand.

There it is. I can feel it in the palm of my hand.

I opened my eyes to look for myself.

“That was easier than I thought. I’m, uh . . . almost disappointed,” I muttered.

It was just as I’d pictured it—a ball of green magic floating above my palm. And it was so much easier to craft than I’d expected. I really thought it would be more trouble. I still couldn’t quite believe it, so I looked over at Amako, who let out a sigh. She was far from impressed.

“Of course you can make a ball,” she said. “That’s just basic magic. It’s no different for humans than it is for beastkin. I think it’s weird that you’ve never done it until now.”

I looked away from Amako and back to my hand. The floating sphere moved to follow the movements of my hand.

Alright. Let’s do it.

“Huh?!”

Oh, she noticed.

I’d wanted to try hitting Amako with my ball of magic as a test, but she leaped away as the ball got close to her. Her face turned to one of shock as she put some distance between us, quick.

“Were you trying to hit me with that thing just now?” she asked.

“Oh, come on now. You think I would do something like that? Impossible.”

“I heard you click your tongue just now! I also saw a future where I was suddenly glowing green. Who else can do that besides you?”

Her body was glowing green? That must mean that when the ball hits, it imparts whatever healing magic is in it upon the target. That could come in handy.

“Oh, well,” I said, “I’m sorry. The magic in my hand seemed to have a mind of its own.”

Now that I’d finally given Amako payback for that harassing she’d given me, it was time to get into using this new magic. Amako was glaring at me, but I shrugged it off and walked to an area about ten meters away where there was a target.

“So if I move the magic with enough force, I guess I can make it fly?” I asked myself.

I pushed my palm outward and envisioned the ball flying from my hand. Controlling magic was a matter of imagination, feel, and practice. It wasn’t going to be like the way I usually used my magic.

Still, the magic bullet fired from my hand with a unique bursting sound, just as I expected. I couldn’t help but let out a cry of success at the sight of my first healing bullet.

The shock and surprise came quickly—the magic ball had fired from my hand, but it slowed considerably and was just creeping along by the time it got to the target.

I tried it a few more times but the results were the same—the healing magic slowed down after it fired.

“Looks like firing magic isn’t your specialty,” said Amako.

“You mean you can be bad at this?”

I wasn’t good at firing magic—it felt like a fatal flaw. The first part of it was great, but . . . just the instant that it left my hand.

Looks like I might have gotten my hopes up all for nothing.

“Oh. Wait a second,” I said, realizing something.

There was no reason that I had to be standing still when I fired my magic. If I didn’t have the skill to fire magic, then there was no way I was going to get any better by trying to master it like everyone else did. I would just have to go about it my own way until I was good enough to use it in a live situation.

And going about it my own way meant . . . leaning on my strength.

“Usato,” said Amako, “this is a matter of talent. Skills. You’re better off giving up—you’re already strong enough.”

“But we haven’t tried everything, Amako.”

“What?”

I formed another ball in one hand, then grabbed it with my other hand, leaned back, and wound up my arm, ready to pitch.

“I’m too stubborn to give up just because it’s a matter of talent!” I shouted.

When I’d gotten to a full stretch, I threw the magic ball at the target.

“Take this!” I shouted.

The magic ball sped out of my hand and . . . almost slammed into the target I was aiming for. Instead, it missed the target and flew straight into another without slowing down a bit. Healing light scattered into the air around it.

Damn, I missed the target. Then again, I never put much effort into pitching back home. Guess a low accuracy rate is just how it goes—just another skill I’ll have to hone.

I let out a breath and looked at the area that I’d hit with my healing magic. It was about twelve meters away, and I had a feeling I could hit targets just a little further away than that. The magic balls didn’t have any weight, so it wasn’t likely I’d be able to throw them too far with just the power of my arms.





“This is going to take some work,” I said.

“Wait,” said Amako. “Wait wait wait. This is all weird. All wrong. How do you throw something that doesn’t weigh anything?”

“It’s my own unique move: the healing bullet.”

I ignored Amako after that because she was staring off into space, chanting, “So wrong so wrong so wrong.” She was like some kind of metronome. I turned my attention back to Nack. He was still running with Blurin, but he stumbled and lost his balance, then began to fall forward.

“Ah . . .” I muttered.

It was only natural that it was going to happen, given his pace. I kept my eyes on him as I kicked off the ground, covering the distance between us in an instant and catching him before he fell.

“You okay, Nack?” I asked.

“I . . . I’m sorry . . .” he managed between heaving breaths.

He wasn’t out of magic power yet, which meant that he was simply exhausted to the point of being unable to focus on using his healing magic. I put a hand to Nack’s back and ran healing magic through his body. He was still huffing and puffing, but the color was returning to his face.

“I guess running and using healing magic at the same time is pretty tough, huh?” I said.

“Yeah. I can do it, but . . . the moment I lose concentration, it’s gone . . .”

“It’s all good. That will come with time. I didn’t learn it overnight either, so there’s no need to rush. We’ve still got three days.”

The other way of looking at it, of course, was that we only had three days left. If worse came to worst, we could change tactics—Nack would heal himself only when he was injured and at other times rely on his stamina and focus on evasion. Unfortunately, that would make him a sitting duck whenever he needed to heal himself.

Nack was doing the best he could. He was so devoted to his training that he was putting off his schoolwork. He was serious and diligent. But no matter how serious or how hard he tried, I couldn’t shake the feeling that things could still go horribly wrong.

I was lost in thought about what I could say to encourage him when I heard him utter something with the sound of surprise and look over at the entrance to the practice grounds.

I turned to see what he was looking at and saw a girl with a unique set of pigtails. She let a smile creep across her face as she saw Nack leaning on me for support.

“Mina . . .” I muttered.

Just as I was getting worried that she might try to train at the same practice grounds, she gave Nack one more glance, then turned on her heels and walked into one of the school buildings.

“Did she just come to tease you?” I asked.

Perhaps the whole point was showing off her confidence—letting Nack know that she wasn’t going to do anything special and she was still going to win. Whatever the case, I didn’t appreciate it. I cooled my temper and put the now fully healed Nack back on his feet. He put a hand to his face and turned away from me.

“She mocks me. She berates me . . . But I can’t fight back . . . She’s better than me at magic and everything else.”

“Nack, there’s nothing to worry about.”

“But I am worried. It wasn’t like that before I came here. She wasn’t the sort of person to go that far.”

So Nack knew Mina before she started bullying him? And if they knew each other, why did she even start bullying him in the first place?

“Everyone changed the moment my healing magic affinity was revealed. Everything was different. I don’t even want to be here, but I don’t have any place else to go.”

No place to call home?

I tilted my head, confused, but Nack just went on talking. I saw something sad in him as he went on, like he was expunging the words.

“Usato, will I really get stronger doing this training? Can I really beat her? Mina? Can I really . . . Can I . . .”

Nack realized where his words were taking him, and he dropped into silence. It took a moment for him to gather himself and speak again.

“I’m sorry. I’m talking nonsense. Just forget I said anything.”

Yeah, not happening, Nack. I heard it—the hint of a problem so much deeper than just fighting Mina.

“I’m grateful for all your help, Usato. But all we’ve done these last two days is run . . . I know it’s rude to doubt you, but . . . I don’t see the point of this.”

“Now—” I started but quickly put a hand over my mouth.

If you’ve got time for your wishy-washy, wimpy whining, then you’ve got time for training.

I couldn’t believe it. The words felt so natural they almost flew straight out of my mouth.

Whoa. Rose really has been a bad influence on me.

Showering Nack with such cruel words when he carried such a burden was beyond cold-hearted. I took a deep breath and purged each monstrous word from my brain. I thought of something kind and encouraging to say instead.

“It’s not about whether you can or not—you will. Mina is totally looking down on you. That works in your favor. The more your opponent underestimates you, the more they leave themselves open. And to make sure you have the power to take advantage of that opening, we have to strengthen your body. There’s no other way. So . . . give it all you’ve got.”

“Give it . . . all I’ve got . . .”

Nack turned away from me and nodded. Then he took off running. I had a lot of different feelings swimming around in me as I watched him go, and I still couldn’t get what he’d told me out of my mind. Nonetheless, I woke up Blurin, who was once again trying to slack off.

“Up and at ’em, Blurin,” I said.

The bear growled.

“Come on, he’s getting away,” I muttered.

I forced the grizzly to his feet and gave him a push to start him running again. I watched Blurin take off after Nack, and I wondered if this was what Rose felt like when she watched training. To me, the sight of all the Rescue Team members at training was like watching monsters running in formation. But I was filled with a strange sensation as I watched the young Nack and Blurin continue their laps.

“The teacher and the student, huh?” I muttered to myself as I walked to a place where I wouldn’t get in the way of their running.





* * *





Nack Agares. That was the name of the boy I couldn’t stand. The moment I saw him at the practice grounds, I turned and headed for my next class.

“Mina,” said one of the noble tagalongs in the group that was following me around, “why are you always so concerned about Nack?”

I couldn’t even remember her name.

“Huh? Why do you want to know?” I asked.

“Er, um . . . Because if you just want to let off some steam, there are other kids too, right?” she said with a giggle. “I mean, why set your sights on Nack when he’s got that demon of a healer with hi . . . Eep!”

I glared the girl into silence.

“Let me make this clear—this is not about letting off steam. If that’s what you want to go and do, then be my guest. Just do it on your own,” I snapped.

The whole group turned pale at my words.

“I . . . I’m sorry . . .” the girl uttered.

They were all cowards—all of them parasites clinging to the strong to make themselves feel strong too. If my dad hadn’t told me that I needed to make as many noble connections as I could while I was here, I would have rid myself of them long ago.

“Nack and I used to play together,” I said. “Our parents were friends. We were called over to his house for tea parties all the time.”

But boy, were they boring—all of them just talking about the state of affairs and munching on cookies. As a kid, there was literally nothing more boring than the stuff adults talked about.

“Wait, so . . . Nack used to be a noble?!” asked a tagalong.

“He did. And he was a higher rank than all of you,” I spat.

The faces around me grew even paler.

“He was always gloomy and kind of flaky. If I hadn’t done him the favor of dragging him outside, he would’ve been one of those dull types that just holed up in their own rooms all of the time.”

Nack was someone I killed time with back when I was young. To be honest, it wasn’t actually very fun, but when I was young, it made me smile. Still, whenever I thought about the past, feelings welled up in my heart that I couldn’t stop and couldn’t go back to. Things were different for the both of us now, and there was no going back.

“He doesn’t stand a chance. Even if he tries to stand up to me, it’ll be nothing more than a bluff,” I stated.

But I wasn’t talking to my tagalongs. I was speaking those particular words for myself. People just didn’t change so easily. I knew that the healer was going to make Nack stronger. I honestly believed that the healer was the strongest person in the entire school after what he did to Halpha. So that guaranteed that Nack would get stronger. But none of it mattered if Nack himself couldn’t finish the training.

“As soon as it gets hard, he’s going to run away. He always does,” I said.

Nack wasn’t standing up to me of his own volition—he was still scrambling for some way to get out of the unbelievable circumstances he’d found himself in.

And so, he would run.

He would flee from the cold, hard reality that faced him.





* * *





I should have seen it coming. I should have noticed yesterday. Nack had been shaken—made fragile and worried when Mina looked down at him and laughed. I thought that if I just gave him the power to take her down, he’d be okay. I figured that would be the answer to his problems.

But I was wrong.

The darkness in Nack’s heart was even deeper and more severe than Inukami-senpai and I thought. But I didn’t realize it until the morning of our third day of training.

He wasn’t in the bedroom that Kiriha had let him stay in, so at first, I thought he’d just gone off to train by himself. But he wasn’t at the practice grounds either. Then I thought maybe he was so engrossed in his own training that he was running late. I crossed my arms and chuckled to myself. Blurin and I waited for an hour.

When Amako arrived, I finally realized the truth.

Nack had run away from training.





* * *





I ran away.

Training is too hard.

I don’t even want to fight Mina.

Trying any harder is a waste of effort.

Everyone is just going to make fun of me.

I had plenty of reasons . . . or, really, plenty of excuses. But they were all pitiful, and they all reminded me of how weak and pathetic I was.

I had probably turned into this type of person after I awakened to my affinity for healing magic. But then again, maybe it was just my fate from birth to be pushed around and bullied.

I sat balled up in the darkness of an empty alleyway and groaned. I stared at the ground, agonizing over my own powerlessness. This was the place I always came to when it looked like Mina and her cronies were going to bully me. This place was a secret—my secret. It was the kind of place nobody knew about. It was the kind of place people forgot almost as soon as they saw it. Nobody came through here, nobody passed by, and so it was the place where I felt most at ease.

And just like always, it was the place where I wept. I sat in my alleyway, the alleyway that nobody ever came to, and I cried. Usually, I cried because of the bullying, but today was different.

“I’m . . . sorry . . . I’m so . . . sorry.”

I ran away. But not from Usato.

I ran from Mina.

I ran from the face I saw yesterday.

She looked down on me; she laughed at me. In that smile of hers, there was a naivety that did not know sympathy or compassion. It terrified me. I felt my body tremble. In an instant, that tiny flame of victory I saw in the darkness was extinguished.

I felt like I could improve. My life had been turned inside out the day that I woke to healing magic, but I thought that if I grew and got stronger, then everyone would see it and recognize it for what it was. Then I too could be as powerful as Usato.

It was those thoughts that kept me going through that nearly unbearable training. Even when I thought I’d pass out, I gritted my teeth and I pushed on. Even with a Blue Grizzly at my back, I pushed the fear away and I kept running. I did the very best I could just to make sure that Usato wouldn’t yell at me like he yelled at Blurin.

But in the face of Mina’s pure malice, I felt frozen.

What was the point of just running?

What difference does it make if I strengthen my legs?

Why do I have to use my magic while I run?

Why do I have to go through this just to fight a battle I can’t win?





No.

No! No! No!





These were all just convenient excuses.

Usato’s training was meaningful. It had a point. I could feel that it was working—I could feel how different I was compared to just a few days ago. My legs and my body felt lighter. I had so much stamina it was shocking.

All of that in just two days of training.

There was nothing wrong with Usato’s training.

What was wrong was me.

It was time to train, but I was hiding out in an alleyway, being pathetic and crying. Crouched in a ball, lost in despair.

“I’m an idiot . . .” I whimpered. “A coward.”

Fighting Mina terrified me. Losing to her would only make things worse. I couldn’t even imagine how she could be crueler than she already was, but it wouldn’t have surprised me if she was capable of being even more cold-blooded.

And that alone would have been fine.

If it was just me, that would have been fine. But now, if I lost, it wasn’t just me who bore the consequences—Usato and that one hero would also have to answer to Mina.

“Why even put your hope in me?” I muttered. “I never asked for this.”

If this was how it was going to be, then it was better not to cling to hope at all. It was better if only I was the one that got hurt—the one whose body healed all on its own. Then nobody would ever have to expect anything of me. Then I could keep clear of everyone—Usato, the hero . . . and that beastkin Kiriha who let me borrow a bed.

But the more I thought about it, the more I cried. I kept thinking about and remembering the last two days.

All that endless training.

But then there was kindness too. It had been a while since I felt that.

Even though I was useless, Usato put effort into helping me become stronger. Even though I was as worthless as healers got, he never abandoned me. He kept encouraging me no matter how many times I passed out.

When I was quite literally dead tired with no way home, he took me to Kiriha’s house. I was in shock at the sight of it—humans and beastkin just chatting amongst themselves casually. Kiriha and Kyo didn’t even seem to mind it.

But I was throwing those memories away as I sat in the alley, sobbing, just like I was throwing away what memories we might make in the future. I had let go of that sliver of happiness—a sliver that, for a moment, almost made me forget the memories of my own detestable family.

Now there was nothing left. Nothing at all.

Nothing but Mina’s judgment. Her punishment.

But that was my fault for giving up. At the very least, I thought, I wanted to make sure that I didn’t cause trouble for Usato and the others. I would pay whatever price I had to just to make sure they were kept out of it.

I stopped my sobbing and rubbed my eyes. It was time to go. I’d made my choice. I wasn’t going to just face Mina as a broken-hearted healer with the bitter taste of defeat. I was going to choose the best future—a future where nobody got hurt but me.

“Time to get up,” I muttered.

But just as I stood up, I heard a bright voice echoing through the alleyway.

“Ha! Found you!”

The moment I heard it, my knees weakened and I fell back to the floor.

“Huh?”

I turned, dumbfounded, and saw a young man in a coat so bright and white that it seemed completely out of place here in the alleyway. I couldn’t see his face, but I knew who it was by the voice and the way he held himself.

“Usato . . .”

The person I was least ready to face.





* * *





Nack was ridiculously easy to find.

That is to say, it was ridiculously easy because of Amako and Blurin.

To start things off, I had Blurin chasing Nack’s scent. Then we used Amako’s prescience once the search was underway. Blurin gave us a general location, and Amako dropped the pin on exactly where Nack was within it.

It was a shining example of teamwork . . . and I didn’t do a single thing.

In any case, we found Nack in no time, but we were still in a panic—he was sobbing and crying in an alleyway.

Oh. Was training really that unbearable? I really thought I was going easy on him, giving him breaks when Rose gave me none . . . Wait a second. Breaks aren’t generosity. They’re just part of training . . .

Anyway.

I could feel the reproachful glares of the fox girl and the bear, so I ushered them out of the alleyway to give me and Nack some time to talk alone.

I took a seat by Nack’s side so I could see his reactions and speak to him in a light and easy tone. I was just thinking about how cold the floor of the alleyway was when Nack spoke.

“H . . . How . . . ?” he asked.

Nack seemed afraid to look at me. He kept his gaze on the floor.

“It’s not that big a city, you know,” I said. “It wasn’t that hard for us.”

Well, it would have been hard for just me.

Anyway.

Nack lifted his head and looked at me like he couldn’t believe it, then let out a defeated chuckle.

“I’m sorry,” I said. “I went too hard with the training, didn’t I? I mean, I guess it really shows I’ve got a long way to go when it comes to teaching people, huh?”

“N-N-No! It wasn’t your fault that I ran away. I . . . I just got scared. I’m not ready to fight Mina.”

“Scared?”

So it wasn’t that you hated my training? Then what are you doing hiding out and crying in a place like this?

But I didn’t have to ask—little by little, Nack told me the reason himself. And as I listened, I realized that his fear of Mina was so much deeper than I had ever imagined. All it took was just a meeting of their eyes for his spirit and resolve to shatter. This was no joke.

“Nack, what is it between you and Mina?” I asked. “Is she bullying you for more reasons than you just being a healer?”

Yesterday, I had pretended not to hear Nack, but if his trauma ran this deep, I felt I had to know more about it. Nack was hesitant, and he still wouldn’t look up, but then, slowly and timidly, he started to speak.

“We used to play together back in my hometown. Our parents were friends, and sometimes she would visit my house when her mom and dad came to visit. She would always drag me around with her.”

What? Are you telling me that you two basically grew up together? And wait, I’d already heard that Mina was from a noble family, but does that mean that you are too? But wouldn’t that mean that just like Mina, Nack is one of the students that the school has to protect?

Unfortunately, the reality was not like that at all.

“I grew up as a member of a noble family,” said Nack. “And before I came here, I lived the life of nobility.”

“So what happened?”

“The vast majority of my family awaken to an affinity for water magic. My father’s wife, too, was chosen for her water magic affinity. As you would expect, I was supposed to learn magic under a teacher that my father hired.”

“But you have healing magic.”

“Yes. On my ninth birthday, my little sister and I were set to discover our magical affinities. My father and mother both expected us to have water magic affinities. But in the end . . . that was true only of my sister.”

And based on where Nack is now, that means his parents . . .

“At that moment, my life changed. My parents became entirely different people. They were cold to me. I wasn’t allowed to see my sister anymore, even though we got along so well, and I wasn’t even allowed to go outside.”

“That’s awful . . .” I muttered.

All because of his magical affinity, Nack was no longer allowed the love of his own parents. I tried to picture how it must have felt for him at the time, but it just seemed so unbearable.

Nack laughed.

“It’s stupid, isn’t it? In the end, I was driven out of my own home and enrolled at Luqvist. The moment that happened, I no longer had a home to go back to . . . But at the same time, it was easier at Luqvist than it was at home. For a time, I thought I was really free.”

Nack chuckled in that same defeated way as before, but there was something so tragic about it. I thought about the first time we met and how panicked Nack looked as he ran off for class. Perhaps all of that came from a fear that he might lose the place that had become his last semblance of a home.

But even school had turned out to be anything but relief.

“And then Mina came along, right?” I asked.

“She’s always been selfish,” he said.

Still, why would she choose to bully an old friend?

“When we were kids, she always took me by the hand and dragged me outside with her. She kind of forced me, but at the same time—and I know this is a bit strange—back then, I didn’t hate it.”

“You were friends?”

“I don’t know about that. She was . . . She always just did what she wanted, and I got caught up in it,” said Nack with a chuckle. “When I think about it now, before I came here, I was always just tagging along and following her.”

Nack’s voice trailed off, leaving only his smile. But in the next instant, his smile took on a pained, sorrowful quality.

“I don’t know why Mina bullies me. Maybe it’s because of her parents. Maybe it’s because I’m a healer—it could be anything . . . but now, I just want everyone to leave me alone.”

I was silent.

Talk about heavy . . . Why am I surrounded by all these people carrying these huge burdens? Senpai is the same. Amako is the same—do I just attract that sort of person? I mean, I don’t want to. I don’t want to carry this weight—it’s too heavy! But all the same . . .

“But I can’t leave you alone,” I said.

The moment I heard about what was bothering Nack, I knew that leaving him alone, abandoning him, was not an option. And when I made up my mind, I see things through.

“Basically, Mina is an annoying former childhood buddy who still won’t leave you alone, right?”

“‘Buddy’ makes it sound cute, but I don’t think . . .”

“I also get that your parents were a pretty unpleasant bunch. And that you don’t have any place to call home except for Luqvist. So after this—I mean, after you graduate—when you have no choice but to leave, what are you going to do?”

“I, well . . .”

The world we lived in was a harsher one than even Nack could imagine. You could almost forget it if you lived somewhere as peaceful as Llinger Kingdom with its kind and just ruler. But other countries bought and sold slaves, and if you weren’t careful on the roads between countries, you could get attacked by thieves or monsters. It would not be an easy place for Nack to navigate on his own with just his healing magic.

“I’ve . . . I’ve never thought about it,” he said.

Nack’s face twisted and he looked down at his feet. The truth was dawning on him. I stood to my feet.

“You can always join Llinger Kingdom’s Rescue Team,” I said.

“Huh?”

“I told you about the Rescue Team, right? Including me, there are four healers there. And it’s comfortable . . . well, once you get past the insanity of the captain and all your rowdy monstrous teammates and their never-ending demon complaints.”

From what I’d seen over the last two days, with a little work, Nack would be on par with the kind of training that Felm was doing. And even if Nack could only heal himself, he could always train his body and join the ranks of the fierce and frightening, black-uniformed Rescue Team crew—though admittedly, I did worry about the influence those guys would have on him.

In any case, I was sure that Rose wouldn’t turn him away.

“Coming to Llinger Kingdom is one of your options,” I said. “My friend, a healer, happens to be looking for an assistant too. So even if you don’t want to do any more training than you’ve already done, you could still start over with my friend.”

I was sure Nack would get along well with Orga and Ururu. Maybe his healing magic would even return to normal.

“W-W-Wait a second! Wh-What about my fight with Mina? If I don’t fight her, what happens to you?”

“Well, I don’t have to go and take her punishment, and I could always just intimidate her into silence.”

“Whaaaaaaat?!”

I had already considered the possibility that I might have to renege on my promise. But it was still a last resort. At the end of the day, without her family’s status and power behind her, Mina was just another girl. It pained me—it really pained me—to think about it, but I was not against becoming a monster if I had to.

And in fact, I was all sorts of excited for it. I would probably even invite Inukami-senpai to come along.

“I will make sure you have a place to go home to,” I said. “So don’t worry. I mean, we can agree that getting bullied by people who think magic is some kind of fashion trend is stupid, right? You deserve to be somewhere where you can be happy—the kind of place where you can be yourself and make the most of your natural talents.”

Nack looked shocked at my words, but I went on.

“Right now, I’m on something of a pretty important journey, so I can’t take you all the way to Llinger myself. But I’ll write a letter for you, okay? It might take a little time though . . . I’m not really used to writing in this world yet.”

I took a breath and looked down at Nack. I’d kind of got the ball rolling before he had a chance to take it all in, so I was a little scared that maybe it would be too much for him. Orga and Ururu? Okay, he’d be fine. But Rose? That was not as easy to foresee.

There was every chance she’d be all like, “Since when did you get so high and mighty you can just go around recruiting, huh?!” And then she would beat the heck out of me in a rage.

Is that what I have to look forward to upon my safe return? A severe beating? You know what? I’m just going to choose not to think about that for now . . .

“I know it’s a lot to take in, but what do you want to do?” I asked him.

“Can I really go to Llinger Kingdom?”

“The choice is yours, Nack. I can only show you the way.”

Just like what Rose did for me when I arrived in this world. Now it was my turn to do likewise for someone else. Nack looked up at me and I put out my hand. His eyes grew wet with tears and he rubbed at them with his sleeves, and then, timidly, he reached out for my hand . . . then stopped.

“I’ve decided,” he said. “I’m going to fight Mina.”

“You don’t have to push yourself, Nack,” I said.

But Nack shook his head, and he looked at me again with his red, puffy eyes. Gone was the dark gloominess that filled them before. It was replaced by the beginnings of an unwavering, confident light.

“As I am, I’m not worthy of going to the Rescue Team,” he said. “And I won’t be until I’ve settled things with Mina and I can look myself in the eye. And that’s why . . .”

Nack’s words trailed off, and then he grasped my hand in his own.

“Please help me train again, Usato!”

I felt like this was the first time that Nack and I, and our drive, were on the same wavelength. I mean, it could have been my imagination, but I still liked this feeling—it was like we both desired the same thing. And that was why I decided that I wouldn’t go easy on him anymore. Doing so wouldn’t help him, and it was disrespectful not to give him everything I had.

“Very well,” I said. “But no more Mr. Nice Guy. From here on out, I won’t let you quit, even if you beg me. If you faint on me, I’ll knock the consciousness back into you. If your legs scream in pain, I’ll just heal them. You will keep moving for as long as magical power flows through your body.”

“Huh? I-I mean, I’ll do it! No more complaints! No more whining!”

What was with that “huh?” though? I got the distinct feeling that our wavelengths went out of sync for a moment there. Well . . . let’s just ignore that.

“Then let’s get out of this dank, dark alleyway,” I said. “As soon as we get to school, your training begins anew!”

“Got it!”

Nack and I headed out of the alleyway and to the street where Blurin and Amako were waiting. Including today, we had three days left to toughen Nack up. We’d lost a little time today, but it wasn’t a big deal. Nack was full of enthusiasm now, and more than anything else, I was ready to give him no-holds-barred training. Admittedly, I didn’t like the idea of going full Rose, so to speak, but when I’d heard the resolve in Nack’s voice, I pushed that out of my mind.

But come to think of it, can I even commit to training like Rose? No! I must! Nack believes in me. And so it is my duty to respond in kind. I will discard any unnecessary good will, pity, and sympathy. For Nack, I will make myself a monster. And I will not stop, call me what he may. I will give him everything I know, but not through the mind—I will beat it into his body. For the next three days, I will become the ultimate sadist.

“Ooh . . . did anyone else feel that chill?” asked Nack.

I looked at Nack curiously, wondering what it was that had suddenly made him turn pale.





Chapter 5: Digging for True Power! Welcome to Hell!





“Hey, sis,” said Kyo as we were walking home from class. “Have you heard that Usato is up to something again?”

What was it this time? Usato was the very definition of unpredictable.

“I wonder if it has to do with that racket he made this morning about Nack being missing?”

“I dunno. But word on the grapevine is he’s mad.”

“Mad?! Usato?”

He had a look that was terrifying, but I couldn’t imagine what he’d look like angry.

Well, we know he’s got to be training at the practice grounds, so why don’t we just check out how it’s going? Now that I’ve seen him running with a Blue Grizzly on his back, what’s there to be afraid of?

Fortunately, the practice grounds weren’t all that far, so Kyo and I walked over to them. Then we noticed students with strange and confused looks on their faces. It was weird, but we kept going and got to the entrance to the practice grounds. There were lots of students there, all staring at something.

I figured all the commotion could wait until after I’d found Usato and Nack, so I took a look around. That’s when I noticed a familiar hooded figure sitting in the shade of a tree by the entrance—Amako. I was just about to call out to her when I saw the look on her face—she was gazing off into the distance, looking defeated.

I’d never seen anything like it. I tilted my head in confusion just as Kyo tapped me on the shoulder.

“Hey, sis,” he uttered.

“Hm? What’s up?”

“Is that . . . ?”

Kyo had gone as pale as a sheet, and his finger trembled as he pointed. He looked the same as he did the day before yesterday, except now the scale of what we were looking at was completely different.

“Huh?”

Nack was sprawled across the ground, and Usato—yes, Usato!—had his foot on the boy’s back. There was a horrifying grin on his face.

“Is that what you call running?” he asked. “You think that’s going to make you into a first-class healer? You can still run, can’t you? Then get to your feet, you slouch. Do you have any idea how much time we’re wasting while you’re lying on the ground like this?”

“Y-Yes . . . sir!”

Usato’s foot glowed lightly with healing magic as he took it off of Nack’s back. Then he poked him with it. This was a completely different person from the Usato we knew until yesterday—this one looked supremely pleased with himself as he berated his student.

Nack scrambled to his feet with a whimper and took off running. Tears streamed down his face. Usato watched him with a glare that must have sent daggers into the young healer’s back. It was almost beyond description—Usato had a look of frustration on his face as he ground his teeth and tapped his feet. Beast-like teeth showed from between his lips as he watched his pupil like a hawk.

“Huh? What the? Eh? Who is that?” I asked.

“Sis, I don’t believe it either, but that’s . . . Usato.”

That’s Usato? It’s not some ogre that snuck into school? But he’s barely recognizable! Well, he looks the same, but it’s like there’s a monster inside of him! This is even crazier than the last time we saw their training! What happened between this morning and now?! He seemed so normal this morning!

I felt so confused. I still couldn’t believe that the person I was seeing was the Usato that I knew. But right then, his face grew even more terrifying as he stood at attention and then leaped from where he stood at a speed I could barely follow. I did my utmost to keep him in sight. Usato landed behind Nack, who was still running, and sent him flying with a gentle kick in the back.

Huh?! Since when was kicking allowed?!

Nack was sent sprawling across the ground with a groan of surprise. Usato cackled as he kneeled down beside the boy. He then took Nack’s head in a claw-like grip and forced him to his feet.

“Come on, Nack. Keep that magic power flowing,” he said. “I told you, didn’t I? Didn’t I tell you to focus on your magic power? And then you get a little tap in the back and it breaks your concentration . . . You are taking this seriously, right? Because if you are, Nack, then I would like for you to at least show me that you are taking this seriously.”

“B-But,” sputtered Nack, “I-I’m still not used to it . . .”

“Huh? It’s been two days, hasn’t it? You think that excuse is still going to fly? You realize that, unlike me, you started your training with some magical knowledge, right? That means you should be able to do this quicker than I did. Maybe I would have gone easy on you yesterday, but that was yesterday. I won’t accept ‘I can’t’ as an answer anymore.”

Usato’s voice was as gentle as it always was, but there was also an edge to it that was so cold and unforgiving that it made me tremble. Usato was exuding such bone-chilling pressure that even just watching it sent cold shivers down my spine.

Nack tried to look away, his whole body wracked and shaking, but Usato wouldn’t let him. He forced Nack to look at him, where he was waiting with a grin.

“Didn’t you ask for this, Nack? Didn’t you tell me that you wanted to send that snooty hag of a would-be princess flying so you could put an end to things?”

“I don’t think I-I said it quite like that . . .”

“What?”

“I-I did! I said it!” cried Nack in a high-pitched squeal. “I want to send her flying! I want to beat her senseless!”

Even though it wasn’t me on the receiving end, the conversation was so unsettling that it made me shudder. Even Mina would feel something like sympathy if she saw it. And in fact, all the students that had come to the practice grounds to train were at a complete loss for words as they watched.

“Right? That’s what you want, right? But Nack, hear me out—are you really taking this seriously? From where I’m standing, you look like you’re giving it your best. But in my training, I don’t need you to give it your best.”

A look floated to Nack’s face like he no longer understood the words coming out of Usato’s mouth. Even I had no idea what he was trying to say. What did he mean by that—he doesn’t need him to give it his best?

Usato explained, “I don’t hate the words ‘try your best,’ ‘give it your best,’ or ‘do your best.’ But you know what? This is not about that. The kind of training where you feel like you can survive by giving it your best? That’s not enough. That kind of thing only gets in the way of what I’m doing. How are you going to try your best when it’s all suffering and it’s all pain? You’ll just get sick of it. There is nothing more worthless than relying on abstract phrases to prop yourself up. So you don’t need them. You don’t need words of encouragement, words of fulfillment, or words of accomplishment. All you need is the results that you receive through the fruits of your labor.”

It all came out like a stream of consciousness from Usato’s mouth. But I felt like I grasped some of it at that moment. He was trying to say that you didn’t need to think about anything—you just had to become a slave to the endless training. It was pretty . . . Well, it was actually a very effective, if equally terrifying, way of thinking about it.

But if it went on, Nack would almost certainly run away. I mean, I knew that’s what I would have done. And I knew that’s exactly what all the students around us would have done too.

“So you’re not going to try your best,” said Usato. “You are just going to work so hard that you let go of that idea. Are you trying to make light of training at less than full power? Is that it? What we’re doing is very simple, isn’t it? All you have to do is stay focused and run. You don’t have to get used to it or anything like that. Have I asked you to do the impossible? Have I asked you to look left and right at the same time? No. So if you have time to come up with dumb excuses like ‘you’re not used to it,’ then get back out there and run.”

Nack whimpered as Usato went on.

“I am going to make you strong. And however injured and hurt you get through the process, I am going to heal you the best I can. But. If you are going to take to it with a half-assed attitude, then I am going to let my foot off the gas because it’s stupid to give you all of me if you don’t give me all of you.”

“No, I’m not . . . I’m not . . . half-assing it!”

“Then you give this everything you can, and when you can’t give it any more, you keep on going. And if you can’t do it on your own, I will find a way to do it with you.”

With that, Usato released his grip on Nack’s head. Then he stood up to full height and looked down at Nack. And though I couldn’t see what Nack saw in Usato in that moment, from the look on Nack’s face, I knew it was something.

“Now stand up,” said Usato. “If you can’t stand here, then you are the very definition of worthless.”

Nack, it’s probably okay to give up. Usato’s training is the pinnacle of negligent and dangerous. And your body might survive thanks to your healing magic, but your mind will crumble. I mean, look at Usato—he overcame his training, but it twisted him.

Contrary to everything I thought, however, Nack rubbed at his teary eyes with a sleeve, then spoke up.

“I’ll do it. That’s all I have to do, right? Then I’ll just do it!”

The young healer clenched his teeth and took off, staggering as he ran. His pace was steady, and though it was only slight, a wavering green aura could be seen around his body. He was taking to his training with a completely different attitude than the day before.

Nack let out a half-cry, half-roar as he ran. It was like he was holding on for dear life. And perhaps there was no more apt description of the boy than those very words at that very moment.

“Hmph. That’s the spirit,” muttered Usato. “Get at it, Nack.”

Usato let out a sigh of relief as he watched Nack running away, and the kindness returned to his face, along with a reassured smile.

Maybe you could have thought of it as a moving moment between the two of them, but for all of us watching, the problem had been solved in a way that seemed utterly unfathomable.

I was standing there, dumbfounded, when I became aware of a conversation between a boy and a girl nearby.

“Usato-kun is really serious about this. He’s practically turned himself into Rose,” said the girl.

“But no matter how much it seems like his personality changes, Usato is still Usato, huh?” replied the boy.

“It’s you two . . .” I uttered.

“Hm? Oh, hey, Kiriha. Did you guys come to see Usato too?”

It was the two heroes that had come with Usato to Luqvist—Suzune and Kazuki. Suzune knew me from a couple of days ago, and she gave me a casual wave. She wasn’t put off by beastkin in the slightest—in fact, her excessive interest in us kind of freaked me out.

“Oh, um. I’m Usato’s friend, Kazuki Ryusen,” said the boy, looking somewhat shy. “Senpai already told me about you guys.”

I introduced myself in return. Just like Usato and Suzune, Kazuki wasn’t bothered at all by beastkin. I knew it was a bit rude, but I couldn’t help wondering if Llinger Kingdom was a home to weirdos.

“Did you come to see Usato?” I asked.

“We did. We’d heard he was up to something extraordinary, so we were curious.”

Well, extraordinary was one word for it. I mean, he was a healer from Llinger Kingdom helping to toughen up Nack, a no-hoper. That alone was newsworthy, but the way Usato was going about it? That would have spread the news like wildfire.

“Is Usato always like that? Even in Llinger Kingdom?” I asked.

“Nope. This is the first time I’ve seen him like this,” said Suzune. “Wouldn’t you say, Kazuki?”

“Yep.”

So it was the first time for the heroes to see him like that too.

But why aren’t they all that surprised by it?

I couldn’t help but be curious, so I casually asked them why they weren’t shocked.

“Why? Because it’s Usato, I guess,” said Kazuki.

That didn’t make things any easier for me to understand.

“What do you mean?”

“Well, when Usato makes up his mind to help, he goes full tilt. No matter how tough the situation, he will do literally everything he possibly can. It’s the very point of the Rescue Team, of which he’s a member. It was a lesson his instructor and captain, Rose, taught him.”

Kazuki talked proudly, as if he were talking about himself. Then he looked at his hands and went on.

“Usato saved our lives once. Senpai and I were critically wounded in the battle against the Demon Lord’s army, and we were literally on the brink of death. But that was when Usato came running. We’re standing here today because of him.”

“It’s no exaggeration,” added Suzune. “Usato saved me too. Well, come to think of it, he’s always saving me in some way or another. I totally messed up my first practical training exercise and I dragged him into the whole mess. Actually, I also kind of annoy him a lot . . . Wait. He doesn’t hate me, does he? I’m suddenly very worried . . .”

Suzune’s shoulders slumped. Kazuki laughed.

“You’re fine. Usato doesn’t care about any of that,” he said, turning to look at Nack again. “Nack asked Usato for help. So of course, Usato was going to go all out. And that means all the strictness and all the shouting. He wouldn’t be there with Nack otherwise.”

“All out, huh?”

After hearing Kazuki’s explanation, I felt like I had a different view of Nack and Usato’s conversation. He might whimper and he might complain, but Nack wasn’t giving up now. Usato, meanwhile, had thrown away all mercy and all sympathy to help Nack grow. It wasn’t exactly the easiest relationship to grasp, but I felt like I understood it a little better.

“Usato is giving it everything. And he’s doing it to help Nack win,” I said.

Ordinarily, if someone said they were going to prepare a healer to beat Mina in just five days, nobody would believe them. Almost everyone would pick Mina to win. That’s how clear-cut the battle between Mina and Nack looked. But Nack and Usato were still trying—they still believed in victory.

“Are you two going to help with Nack’s training?” asked Kyo, who had just been standing behind us, silent until then.

Kazuki and Suzune thought about the question for a moment.

“Hm . . . I don’t think we’d be much help,” said Suzune. “It’s a bit embarrassing, but when it comes to physicality, Usato-kun is overwhelmingly stronger than us. That, and it’s probably not a great idea to overload Nack.”

“But I mean, I wish we could help,” added Kazuki.

I couldn’t help thinking about the way the three of them—Suzune, Kazuki, and Usato—seemed like such good friends. I was envious of that. I was jealous.

I turned away from the training—I hated that I felt that way.





* * *





That day, Usato and Nack got home just as I finished making dinner. Usato had carried Nack home on his back. As soon as Nack woke up to the food in front of him, he started shoveling it into his mouth.

“Ugh . . . it’s so good,” he uttered between mouthfuls. “I feel . . . so alive . . .”

I watched the young healer, tears and snot running down his face as he gulped down soup. I wasn’t sure if I should be happy or tell him off for the way he was eating. Usato, meanwhile, sat across from Nack and bellowed with laughter.

“You are going way overboard, Nack,” he said.

“Wait, you realize this is your fault, right?” said Kyo. “Also, why are you like a completely different person at training?”

“That’s because I channel my own teacher to re-create the experience,” said Usato. “Pretty convincing, no?”

“Don’t try and tell me it’s all an act! I can tell you love it!”

“H-Hey! I resent that! Don’t put me in the same group as my sadist teacher! Amako, say something! You’ve met the captain before, right?!”

“You looked like you loved it, Usato. That’s all I could see.”

“Ha!” shouted Kyo. “Even Amako could tell!”

“Amako . . . you betrayed me . . .” muttered Usato.

The table was nothing if not lively. Nack was oblivious to all of it. It was as though his body and mind were entirely focused on the act of eating. It was kind of worrying.

“You okay, Nack?” I asked.

“What do you mean, ‘okay’?”

“The way Usato worked you to the bone, you’re not scared of him?”

I couldn’t help wondering if training so hard made him sick of it all. Nack’s eyes grew a little wider at my words, and he looked a touch uncertain and troubled as he replied.

“He’s scary, yeah, but that’s because I asked him for it.”

“I see.”

Nack had been thinking about it too.

“Also, I think of Trainer Usato as a completely different person to Regular Usato.”

Maybe it was my imagination, but I felt like the light died in Nack’s eyes for a moment when he said the words “Trainer Usato.”

“Oh. Is that so?”

At that point, Usato seemed to remember something.

“Oh, by the way, Nack,” he said. “I’ve got something for you.”

“For me? Is it training related?”

“You might not need it, but I wanted to give it to you all the same.”

Usato took a notebook from his pocket and passed it to Nack.

“What is this for?” Nack asked.

“It’s a diary. I recommend starting on it today. But you don’t have to if you don’t want to.”

Oh, so healers write diaries as part of their training, huh? I’m impressed.

“Wow,” I said. “Is it a way to track and record my progress?”

Usato laughed.

“No, nothing that cool. It’s more like a way to overcome how grueling the training is. The captain made me write one while I was training, and . . . well, because of the diary, I felt like I could get through the training without losing my soul.”

“Without losing . . . your soul?”

“It’s like a way to escape the reality of the endless training. But, Nack, you only have two days left, so you might not need it.”

I was silent. That didn’t sound like a diary. That sounded like something different . . .

Nack looked at the diary with some confusion. Seeing Nack like that seemed to remind Usato of nostalgic old memories. Still, seeing the rough and clunky relationship that had developed between this teacher and student brought a smile to my face.





After dinner, everyone went to their rooms to wile away the rest of the evening while I cleaned up and prepared for tomorrow’s breakfast. I was the only one who could cook, so it was safe to say that I handled all the food-related duties.

If I didn’t keep on top of things, we might have found ourselves having to skip meals. On top of that, our funds for buying food were limited. So I had to manage that too. Fortunately, we weren’t in a life-or-death kind of situation—we’d made friends with a beastkin who ran a shop. Kyo and I worked there on different shifts.

“Great, everything’s ready,” I said, stretching when the preparations were complete.

Well then, now what? Do I go back to my room and study? I have an early start tomorrow, so perhaps I’ll wash up and just go to bed.

I yawned as the thoughts went through my mind and headed from the kitchen to the living room.

“Nobody here, huh?” I said.

I guess that wasn’t strange. Everyone had just gone to their rooms. Come to think of it, Nack had taken that diary with him. Usato had gone to the trouble of preparing it for him, so I wondered if he was writing it. I was thinking about it as I went to my own room to get a change of clothes.

Right then, there was a booming sound from outside, like something bursting, and I turned to the front door.

“Is someone outside?” I asked.

Maybe it’s a thief? But hang on—there’s nothing here worth stealing.

I took the gauntlet hanging on the wall and strapped it to my right arm. Then I slowly opened the door to peer outside. I saw a single figure standing in a space lit only by the light of the moon. I clenched my fist and readied my gauntlet. But as my eyes gradually got accustomed to the darkness, I relaxed—I could see who it was.

“Oh, it’s you, Usato,” I said.

“Hm? Oh, Kiriha? What’s up?”

“I feel like I should be asking you that.”

Quit making me worry all the time, would you?

“I got worried because of the noise,” I said. “What are you doing?”

“I was just practicing some magic.”

“At this time of night?”

Usually, Usato would be in bed asleep by now.

“I wanted to do a bit of light practice because it’s something I want to use in training tomorrow.”

“Healing magic? Haven’t you used that a bunch since you got here?”

I’d seen him myself, when Nack was running or he fell unconscious—that kind of thing. For whatever reason though, Usato flashed me a big, confident grin, and he started pouring magic into his right hand. The magic formed into a ball that sat in the palm of his hand.

This was not like the magic he’d used when he fought Halpha, which he covered his body with. This was more like the wind magic that Kyo and I used, which could be fired at a target.

Has Usato been practicing to use his healing magic as a projectile?

That made sense to me, but what didn’t make sense happened next. Usato slowly gripped the magic ball, then raised it above his head and, with a grunt, threw it forward.

What the heck kind of a firing method is that?

It was completely nonsensical, and yet the ball blasted through the air and slammed into a wooden box in front of Usato, echoing with the same booming sound that I’d heard earlier. I was still staring, dumbfounded, when Usato turned to me with a proud smile.

As it turned out, Usato didn’t have any talent when it came to firing his magical powers, so pitching it and throwing it was his workaround—basically, he was relying on his physical strength. Which, of course, made exactly zero sense—magic wasn’t something you could wrangle control of with your muscles.

“Perfect timing though, Kiriha,” said Usato. “Could you go and stand over there? I want to see if my magic is effective.”

“No! I saw the force that thing had behind it!”

“It’s fine though. It’s healing magic.”

“Healing magic or not, I’m not going to let you just throw something at me at that kind of speed! What kind of strength are you putting into that thing to make it fly anyway?”

“I dunno . . . arm strength, I guess?”

It’s just as I thought. This guy’s a literal monster.

I sighed.

“It’s just been surprise after surprise since the day you got here . . .” I muttered.

“Surprise after surprise? Actually, yeah, there have been all sorts of surprises, huh?” he said.

First there was meeting him in town. Then there was when he came to my house with Amako. And then there was when he fought Halpha, when he started training Nack—Usato was completely and utterly unpredictable.

You couldn’t even tell what he was going to do next.

“I always thought that humans, every single one of them, were cold and heartless,” I said.

Beastkin were always looked at like oddities, all because we had ears and tails that made us different from humans.

“I’ve tried to just treat you like I would anyone else,” said Usato.

“But even the fact that you can treat us like that is weird. To most humans, beastkin aren’t even people.”

“I don’t know about that,” he said.

“In this city—no, in this world—it’s just common sense,” I explained. “It’s weird the way you can speak to us the way you do.”

The moment I saw Usato’s awkward reaction, I realized I’d said too much. He hadn’t done anything wrong. I wanted to apologize to put things right, but before I could, Usato spoke.

“Common sense in this world . . . Well, I’m not even from this world,” he said, thinking back to the past. “So I don’t know what common sense is here.”

“Huh?!”

I couldn’t help shouting—Usato’s words were beyond unbelievable. If he wasn’t a human from this world, did that mean Suzune and Kazuki weren’t either?

“The reason I’m here is that I got caught up in the Llinger hero summoning that brought the two heroes to this world,” said Usato.

“Hero summoning?! Are you telling me that Suzune and Kazuki are heroes just like in the stories?” I asked him.

“Uh, yes. Is there some other type of hero that I don’t know about?”

Some other type of hero . . . Well, humans usually called other people heroes when they either earned their status on the battlefield or were otherwise appointed directly by the king. That’s how all the students here at Luqvist thought of heroes. And even though they were rare, people did exist who had earned the title of hero—but in the end, that’s all it was: a title.

But the heroes that Usato was talking about—Suzune and Kazuki—they were like the hero in the stories. That hero had been summoned hundreds of years ago, and that hero single-handedly beat down the demon armies and sealed away the Demon Lord.

And Usato had come from that same world. That made it so much easier to understand why he was so unnaturally strong. When I explained this to Usato, it looked like he understood.

“Ah, okay. So hero does have another meaning,” he said.

“But knowing that, I, at least, understand where your strength comes from now,” I stated.

Usato laughed.

“I’m not all that,” he said. “I only have a little more magic than the ordinary person—training is what made me.”

“Yeah, but that in itself is kind of the issue,” I said.

It was frightening to think that he didn’t have any special abilities but had nonetheless developed power that rivaled that of even the heroes themselves. When I thought about it, comparing Usato—who only had physical attacks—to heroes who could wield powerful magic should have been ridiculous in and of itself.

“Because I came from a completely different world, I don’t know what the standards of discrimination are here,” said Usato. “I mean, back in my own world, we don’t even have monsters or demi-humans.”

“But wouldn’t that make you even more afraid of us?” I asked.

It was surprising to hear that demi-humans and monsters didn’t exist in Usato’s home world, but that was all the more reason to think he’d have been creeped out to see someone like me or Amako for the first time.

“Not in the slightest,” said Usato, like he was swatting my doubts away.

“But our ears are different, and we grow tails—humans don’t. That, and our eyesight and sense of smell are several times stronger . . . Then we’ve got the strength that can crack rocks in half.”

“Oh, but I can turn rocks into dust too,” he quipped.

Huh? I didn’t say anything about turning them into dust. Ugh, no. Can’t let myself get distracted.

“But however you look at it, we’re more like monsters than we are like humans,” I said, feeling the emotions well up in my voice. “There are monsters that speak human languages, after all! No matter how similar we look, humans and beastkin, we’re definitively different.”

“But then that makes me more like a monster too, doesn’t it? I use a different magic from other humans,” Usato said.

“Well, you are an ogre-like monster . . . I mean, you’re like a monster, but you’re a human.”

“You know, I really want to ask about the way you used the word ‘like’ just now, but let’s put that aside for a second,” said Usato, his eyebrow twitching as he crossed his arms and turned to face me. “In my eyes, you’re not that different from a girl who gets into animal cosplay.”

“Huh? What’s cosplay?”

“Oh no, I think I’ve been infected by Inukami-senpai. Forget I said that.”

“Uh, okay . . .”

Usato’s face went red, but he cleared his voice and composed himself.

“Kiriha, I can see that you’ve got worries you’re hefting around with you. But as far as I’m concerned, humans and beastkin and demons, they’re not that different. My point of view might be different from other people’s here, but I don’t think I need to fix that either. If you asked Inukami-senpai if she was afraid of beastkin, she’d probably say something like, ‘Afraid? What a dumb question! I can’t get enough of them!’”

I giggled at the sight of Usato changing the pitch of his voice to impersonate his friend. It was so strange—I’d been so suspicious of everything up until that point.

“What is that? Is that your Suzune impression?”

“Yeah, but you can’t say anything to her. She gets really embarrassed about this kind of thing.”

It dawned on me then that perhaps the worries I’d been carrying around for the past few days were quite simple at heart.

“Huh. I see . . .” I muttered.

For a while now, I’d given up any hope I had for human friendship. Now, I was scared to remember those feelings. After all the bad I’d seen in humans, I didn’t want to be betrayed, and I didn’t want to be abandoned if I grew to trust one. I did everything I could to not trust them, but I held conflicting feelings—part of me still hoped.

“I’ve just built it up way too much over this time, haven’t I?” I muttered.

It was the second time that Usato had made me realize certain feelings smoldering within me. All this time, I couldn’t be honest with myself. I carried doubts and suspicions, but now I understood my own feelings and the human called Usato.

“It’s just as I thought,” I said. “You’re a weird one. In fact, you go beyond even the meaning of the word.”

“Hey, go easy on a guy, would you?”

“I mean that as a compliment. It’s because you’re weird that Amako found you. It’s because you’re weird that Nack has found the courage to confront Mina. And it’s because you’re weird that . . . I can talk to you like this.”

“Well, it doesn’t feel like a compliment, but . . . whatever.”

I’d realized so late, and yet, I still felt like there was time. There was still time for what I’d yearned for so long—the pure hopes that I’d carried when I first came to this place.

A human friend.

And for starters, I’d do my best to be the sort of person this weirdo could think of as his friend.





Chapter 6: Death Match! Nack vs. Mina!





Training Diary





Day Three





Usato told me to write a diary so . . . well, that’s what I’m doing.

Today was the day that I was reborn.

It might look cool written down like that, but in reality, I was just running in fear from Mina until Usato saved me, and now I feel like I’m finally starting over. At the same time, I’m still worried—I don’t know if it’s really okay for me to join the Rescue Team, like Usato suggested.

Wouldn’t a guy like me just cause trouble for everyone? That’s the only thing I can really imagine. Then there’s the fact that I keep hearing about Usato’s terrifying teacher—if she’s the sort of person that can make someone like Usato scared, then she’s got to be seriously scary.



I think I’ll write about the training.

It’s even rougher than the bullying.

I finally understand—until yesterday, Usato was going really easy on me. He calls his behavior acting and pretending, but I’m convinced that it’s just another side of who he really is. The way he barks and shouts, and how even when I’m not looking, he grinds his teeth and exudes that fierce displeasure—you can’t tell me that’s acting. Every time I fail, I’m bowled over, then berated, then trodden on and healed. That’s not something you just mark down to acting.

He’s a monster when we train, and he’s a human when we don’t—that’s how I’ve come to see him.

Jeez, even just writing this is making my hands shake. But it’s not a problem with my body. In fact, I feel great—my healing magic is super effective. This is fear. The two masks of Usato cover me in a shroud of uncertainty and doubt. Behind the smile of one, the other is planning the following day’s training schedule. When I think of that, my hands shake. If I slip up and offend him when he’s in a good mood, how is that going to reverberate into my next training session?

Aw man, now my legs are shaking too.

It’s useless. I’ve lost all will to write.

That’s it for today’s entry.





Day Four





I’m sorry I’m

so

inexperienced



I fainted in the hallway with my diary in hand. I woke up when I heard Kyo’s panic. I then pulled myself together and decided to keep on writing.

Today’s training started with Usato shouting at me. Apparently, my durability level is too low. Well, they’re at standard human levels, but I may as well be made of paper compared to the sort of healer image that Usato has in mind. He said that if the Rescue Team captain were to punch me, she’d turn me to dust.

So today, on top of me doing my magic-casting practice, we also worked on my durability. I was finally at the point where I could feel it—I could feel the magic in me while I ran. I really thought I was at the point where I could use it in a stable fashion.

But I was wrong.

I was so, so wrong.

I think yesterday I wrote something about being reborn, but I should correct that.

I haven’t even gotten to the starting line.

The training got even harder.

The berating got even worse.

I was feeling positive before training started, but during training, I thought I was going to die.

The new training consists of me dodging the magic that Usato throws at me. Usato’s thinking was like this: even if your durability is trash, it doesn’t matter as long as you don’t get hit.

And yeah, that’s true, but . . .

Usato uses his healing magic all wrong.

Why is he throwing healing bullets?

How do you even throw healing bullets in the first place?

Like seriously, he’s some other species that was mixed up at birth.

And he throws the magic much faster than anything Mina has ever cast.

What the heck does he think I’m going to be fighting?

The moment one of those bullets hits me, I go flying. Then I hear Usato bark something like, “You’re supposed to dodge it!” It’s just terrifying.

It’s healing magic, so it doesn’t hurt, but the impact still feels like being punched very hard—it’s crazy.

But then again, I’m a healer too. Maybe I can do that.

Let’s give it a shot.



It’s impossible.

Magic just isn’t something you’re supposed to throw. It doesn’t weigh anything. The moment he threw his first healing bullet, I knew that nobody but him could get that to work.

Seriously, just how strong is that guy?

Except for the few breaks we took while Usato was recharging his magical power, I was dodging healing bullets from morning to night. This training is seriously insane. And I don’t get tired because the bullets he throws are filled with healing magic, so they heal as they hit, which means I can keep moving. Also, and I hate to admit this, most of them hit me dead on, so it’s like my body is coursing with healing energy. I can feel my own magic much more than I could yesterday too.

But all that magical power wears Usato down. By the end of training, he said he was almost running on empty.

For me, more than my body, it’s my heart that feels worn down. I remember hearing in class that a person’s mental state can have an effect on their body. I really feel like that’s happening to me.

I’m not interested in anything. I don’t care. I can’t even bring myself to care about this diary. I can’t even care about my fight with Mina. All I can think about is how I’m going to survive another day of training.

I must be in a deep mental place right now.



It’s useless.

I don’t know why, but it’s useless. All of it.

I’m going to sleep.

Here ends today’s diary entry.





Day Five





Today was the final day of training.

All I could think about was training. That’s it.

I stopped caring about the people I could see watching me and the people who were bullying me. None of it matters.

Run, go flying, get yelled at, go flying, go flying, run, go flying, go flying, get yelled at, dodge, go flying, go flying, run, go flying, go flying, get yelled at, yell back, go flying, try to hit Usato, get kicked and sent flying, go flying, run, dodge—it’s that for the whole day.

I can count the times I dodged Usato’s magic bullets on one hand.

I heard him mutter, “Did I go too far?” For me, it was more than enough.



When training ended, I couldn’t believe who came up to talk to me. It was Usato’s friends and the heroes of Llinger Kingdom, Kazuki and Suzune. It seemed as though Usato had arranged for them to come along and give me a little advice.

Kazuki told me that it’s okay to be afraid of fighting, but it’s important to stand up for yourself. He said that it wasn’t a bad thing to be afraid of Mina, and it wasn’t bad to run away, but at the same time, it’s important that you overcome your fears and face them. I could see and feel the strong determination in his eyes.

Suzune told me that even nobles can live free. She comes from a family similar to my own. She said it’s important to live true to yourself and not to get tied down by all of that stuff. Even if it’s tough now, you have to hold on to hope because a path forward will reveal itself.

The two heroes were so much easier to talk with than I’d imagined. They were both really kind. When I saw them talking with Usato, it really did look like they were all good friends.

I have nothing but gratitude for all of them.



Usato,

Thank you once again for helping me when I was so low.



Mina,

Prepare yourself.



This is not about revenge, and it’s not about a grudge.

This is for me—it’s so I can remove the chains you tied me down with and move on.

It’s so I can stand alongside Usato as a member of the Rescue Team.

Although I never told Usato this, I will say it now. It’s so I can finally let go of my parents and the horrible family I was once a part of.

I want to live a life in which I am not tied down by the idea of magic being “good” or “bad.”

And to that end, I . . .

I will not yield.

I will defeat Mina.

I will make use of everything I’ve built up over the course of this training, and I will send her flying.





* * *





That was as far as I read before closing the diary I’d found in front of Nack’s room. I had a thought. I wondered if healing-magic training was the stuff that turned humans into beasts. Nack was so weak and timid just a few days ago, but now he had become something entirely different. Now he was someone befitting of his sharp, strong gaze.

“Will everything work out?” I muttered.

Nack had already left for the battlefield where he would meet Mina. But I couldn’t even imagine it. I couldn’t imagine the meek Nack that I knew roaring at Mina as he ran in to punch her. But then, when I thought of him going through a transformation the way that Usato did . . .

“No, it’ll be fine. Of course it will. If anything happens, Usato will stop it.”

Or so I told myself, nodding profusely so as not to admit to reality.

I put Nack’s diary on the desk in his room and headed off toward school, where Kyo was waiting.





* * *





It was the day of the fight.

Amako and I had just parted ways with Nack. We stood in front of the school gates, which were crowded with students. I’d left Blurin at the stables. There was no way I could bring him to a place with so many people.

When I told Amako why I hadn’t brought the Blue Grizzly, she was shocked. “I can’t believe you were so considerate,” she uttered. Her attitude was regrettable, but being the kind-hearted man that I was, I was willing to let it go after giving her a sharp, healing flick to the forehead.

Amako grabbed her head in agony.

“Usato!” someone said.

“Oh, you’re already here,” said another.

I ignored Amako’s vengeful gaze and turned to find Inukami-senpai and Kazuki walking toward us. We’d been waiting for them. They both seemed worried about Nack, so I invited them to come along and watch.

“Hey there, Usato-kun, and, uh . . . Amako? What’s up?” asked senpai.

“Usato is a bully!”

Seeing that Amako was trying to involve senpai, I decided to shut her down.

“Good morning,” I said. “Don’t mind her, senpai. She’s still half-asleep.”

Kazuki waved a hand in greeting.

Damn, that guy is just blindingly good-looking.

“How’s Nack-kun doing?” asked senpai.

“Great. He’s fully recovered from training, and I think he’s in a good place, mentally.”

Nack was ready to fight. He’d settled his resolve and was set on defeating Mina. I was admittedly a little worried that he was too enthusiastic, but he was in good shape, so I had no complaints.

“Hey, where’s Welcie?” I asked.

“She said that she has some business with Gladys,” said Kazuki. “Probably has to do with the letter we brought here.”

I nodded. That made sense—it had been one whole week since we delivered it. It was probably about time that the school had come to a decision. I had been kind of nervous and worried that an answer might come while we were in the middle of our training. I was glad we managed to get this far without any interruptions.

“We’re a little early, but let’s go, shall we?”

Five days of training—just enough to get Nack into fighting shape. There was nothing more that I could do. Everything was in Nack’s hands now.

“Amako, what are you doing?” I said. “Keep up.”

“Damn you . . . I’ll never forgive you . . . Never . . .”

Talk about an overreaction for a little flick in the head.

Amako was still glaring at me, so I grabbed her under my arm and walked alongside Kazuki. It might have looked a little surreal to see me carrying a hooded girl under my arm, but I was more than used to the weird looks. I’d been showered in them ever since Nack’s training had started.

“Usato-kun, will Nack-kun be okay?” asked senpai, flashing something of a suspicious glance at Amako under my arm.

“He’ll be fine. I did everything I could.”

“I only watched from a distance, but that sure was some training you put him through. Even we were worried about all the people staring at you two.”

I laughed awkwardly. I didn’t want people seeing me go full Rose on Nack. I flashed a smile to shrug senpai off and looked around. The moment I did that, all the students around me turned away to avoid looking me in the eyes.

