	The Wrong Way to Use

	Healing Magic

	– Chiyu Mahou no Machigatta Tsukaikata –





	- Volume 5 -

	Water City, MiaRak





	-Author-

	Kurokata



	-ILLUSTRATOR-

	KeG





	[ ShiroKun’s Translation ]





Chapter 98

	The trip to the floating city MiaRak went on without incident.

	Thanks to Amako’s precognition, fighting with monsters was avoided as much as possible, and there were no traps like in Neah, and food could be replenished in the village.

	Have we got used to going on a journey? Then again, let’s enjoy the scenery around us, so we could afford to enjoy the trip so much——-that we couldn’t help but get into trouble at the very end of our trip.

	“Why is this happening!!”

	[Gyaooooo!]

	[Guoooooo!]

	We are currently running now—– more specifically Bluerin and I are running and Aak-san is riding a horse, but that isn’t the problem now.

	A flock of monsters is chasing behind us with great momentum.

	Originally, it should be rare to encounter such a number of monsters, but it was a sudden event. A flock of demons of an inevitable scale appeared, even if Amako predicted it.

	“Usato, look ahead! If you fall here, they’ll catch up!”

	“Don’t forget that Amako and I are here okay!?”

	When running with a daze, Neah was on my shoulder and Amako on my back screamed impatiently.

	I want Neah to fly in the sky and run away normally, but in this situation, could this airhead girl even come up with that idea…?

	“Usato-dono, we’re almost arriving Miarak soon! If you get on the boat, the monsters shouldn’t enter the lake!”

	Aak-san answered while on the horse.

	“Okay! I’ll stop when I’m about to catch up! At that time, I’ll leave Amako and Neah to you, Bluerin!”

	“Gurua”

	“…I need your help! Don’t be crazy!”

	If I ran with all my strength, I would leave both Bluerin and the horse behind.

	Thus, my speed is adjusted so that it does not happen, but in case of emergency I will take on the monster. After all, if you hit the wild beast, they will lose their fighting spirit and return.

	Even if it is impossible to turn back, if I stick to it, I should be able to hold down the hordes of monsters for a few minutes…

	“But why are so many monsters attacking…?”

	While running without disturbing my breathing, I look in the direction where Miarak would be.

	This number is unusual.

	It can be said that all the monsters in the area are gathered here.

	“…Is that voice the cause?”

	If you think about it, that “voice” that reached our ears may be the beginning of this uproar.

	The voice was heard shortly before the trip that was going so smoothly; turned into an escape drama from monsters in an instant.

	* * *

	Lucas’s shocking remark.

	Eva’s feelings are too straight.

	And, support shooting from a distant senpai.

	We jumped out of Samaria to escape from them, and we were heading to the next country to visit —– the water city of Miarak.

	“Ah, what’s going on with me…”

	“Usato, I’ve been saying the same thing all the time, but it’s better to give up.”

	Two weeks after leaving Samaria.

	I was muttering the same thing every time I remembered senpai’s article.

	“But, are there such caricatures on the market? I’m scared to say that when they actually see me, it’s definitely different from their imagination…”

	“You care too much. And the good thing about Usato is that you don’t look good.”

	The follow-up can be understood in various ways, so I can’t be honestly pleased……

	If where we’re heading to, Miarak,has a strange impression, it may hinder the delivery of the letter or cause a great deal of mental damage to me.

	In addition—,

	“Pfffffft, it’s always a masterpiece! A smile with a glittering nose! It’s too funny that it doesn’t look like Usato at all!”

	“…”

	It is annoying that this owl is making fun of the article written about senpai and me dexterously with her wings.

	Moreover, it has been like this for two weeks since we left Samaria.

	Is she not even recognizing my existence right now?

	“…Hmm!”

	“Kyan!?”

	Ah, Amako grabbed Neah.

	Amako started turning her hand. The person being turned is screaming silently.

	The quarrel (?) Between the two was familiar, so I turned my eyes to Aak-san, who was pulling a horse.

	“Aak-san. Miarak is a city on a lake, isn’t it?”

	“Yes, the city located on the lake in the center of the river that runs through this continent is Miarak.”

	Miarak, the place where we are going to hand over the letter.

	The image is like a city of water, but what about reality?

	To reach the final destination, the beastman’s country, we have to go through Miarak, so we have to know even a little.

	“Then, are there many ships?”

	“Miarak is a place with a lot of fishing, so there are quite a few boats. Some of them focus on fighting monsters that live in the water. Safely in the land for beastmen. If you want to go to a certain opposite bank, it’s best to take a boat in Miarak.”

	“Hey, isn’t it impossible to swim across normally? Or looking for a bridge…”

	If you avoid the lake and swim in the river, or if you look for a bridge and cross it, wouldn’t we not have to bother boarding a boat to Miarak?

	It’s a little simple, but it’s not impossible.

	In my words, Aak-san slowly shook his head.

	“In the water, humans cannot beat monsters. Even if they succeed in swimming and crossing the river, what is waiting ahead is the area where the demon king’s territory and the beast human race live, and humans must not step into their territory. Since it is a place, no bridge has been built.”

	“The Demon Lord… No way, when they attacked the Kingdom of Lingle, they were building a large bridge…”

	“That’s right. The bridge that connects the opposite banks wasn’t built in the first place.”

	Indeed, the human side does not have to bother to enter the place where the Demon King territory and the beastmen live, so there is no need to build a bridge…

	Anyway, I mentioned a little, but what kind of monster lives in the water?

	Until now, I have only met monsters that live on land, so I would like to meet them even once.

	Picturing things from earth, maybe it’sa kappa?

	“Oh, that’s right. Miarak has a reputation for delicious fish dishes, right?”

	“Is it a fish dish?”

	So they have freshwater fish because it is called a lake?

	No, it seems that it is close to the sea, so there may be saltwater fish. Maybe more towards sea bass or salmon in the original world.

	There is no such thing as sashimi, but it’s still worth a shot.

	After all, I ate only grilled river fish recently, so I rarely eat authentic fish dishes.

	Aak-san, who saw my face, smiled gently, perhaps because he was excited about the fish dishes of Miarak.

	“Would you like to go eat fish dishes when you visit Miarak? As far as I can tell, it seems that Miarak’s fish dishes are very delicious.”

	“That would be fun. I’m gonna enjoy it thoroughly once we reach there.”

	“Haha, I’m looking forward to it too.”

	Ah, but what about Bluerin?

	When I turned my gaze to the side, there was one bear with a hopeful look.

	“Oh, I see. I’ll bring the fish to Bluerin later. The biggest one, okay?”

	“Gururu ♪”

	What a positive guy.

	When I stroked Bluerin with a bitter smile, Neah who was covered with dust jumped on my shoulder with tears from behind.

	Amako also lined up next to me while wiping her forehead with her hands.

	While she smiled as if nothing had happened, she couldn’t hide the horror of winning Neah with one hand.

	“Fuh. Usato, what were you talking about?”

	“This fox, you act like nothing happened after bullying me!?”

	Neah flutters her wings to protest against Amako’s remarks.

	“Noisy, do you want to go round and round again?”

	“Hiii!? Uughh, she does have that dangerous feeling from Usato!?”

	“Oi. What’s my danger?”

	I was told that it was a dangerous place for me.

	What is a dangerous place? It hurts to be called dangerous.

	“…I don’t mind. Even if I look like Usato.”

	“I’m not though!? You say that after trying to shape my body into a human-shaped object!?”

	“Hey, can you wrap it in more oblate?”

	Although Neah is retorting to Amako who answers aptly, why does it cause the most damage to me who is not participating in the conversation?

	Moreover, although it is said a lot, I am a person who has a history as a category, right?

	It was just a little overtrained, right?

	“So, Usato. About the question I just asked…”

	“Hmm? Oh, I was talking about Miarak.”

	“Hmm”

	Hmmm my ass, you’re not interested.

	“It’s a good place. It’s a human city near the Beastman’s country, so there’s no explicit discrimination like Samaria… There aren’t many, but Beastmen are coming and going.”

	“Ooh, do you have any acquaintances?”

	“No. I didn’t have much time to spare…”

	“…”

	Well, the first place she visited after leaving the Beastman’s Country was Miarak.

	She couldn’t afford to look at the scenery around her because she wanted to save her mother.

	……Maybe I was a little too insensitive.

	“…I’m different from who I am last time”

	Amako murmured.

	“I’ve been alone all the time… but I met Kiriha and the people of the Lingle Kingdom… and now I’m with Usato, so it’s not a pain at all.”

	“I see”

	“Yup”

	I also laughed at her with a small smile.

	Not alone.

	I was relieved to hear that word.

	She’s no more that lonely girl like when she was traveling alone. Right now, she’s with Aak-san, Neah, and Bluerin.

	After this trip is over, I want her to be able to keep smiling……

	“…?”

	“What’s wrong with Amako? Suddenly stop”

	“Someone is fighting…”

	Amako stopped and placed her hands on her ears.

	Someone is fighting?

	Aak-san, who heard Amako’s words, put his hand on the handle of the sword and watched the surroundings.

	I stopped, I checked the situation with Amako while watching the front.

	“Is there a battle going on?”

	“The sound of hitting iron… and the sound of something breaking…”

	“Breaking where? The ground?”

	“It’s a little different. It’s kind of like the sound of glass or ice breaking…”

	I also listen, but I can’t hear anything unlike a beastman’s ears.

	Is someone being attacked?

	It’s possible that a travel merchant is being attacked by bandits, but… the scariest thing is that if it was a trap to lure us out to help.

	“Neah, can you fly in the sky and see what’s going on?”

	“…Can’t be helped.”

	If she can fly in the sky, she can grasp the situation without danger.

	Neah, who spread her wings wide, looked up at the sky and slowly began to flap.

	――― Ooooooooooooooooooooo!!

	“What!?”

	Suddenly, something like a loud scream was heard from the front.

	A beast-like, yet pressured voice shook the body, except for me and Aak-san.

	Neah, who was about to fly in the sky, became rigid in the air and was about to fall head-on toward the ground, so I caught her in a hurry.

	“Neah, what happened!?”

	“…Well, the wave of magical power was released along with the screaming… It’s not just a living thing ahead!”

	“Wave…?”

	It doesn’t seem to be effective for me and Aak-san, but it seems that it is also affecting Bluerin, Neah, the horse, and Amako.

	Only creatures that have a sharper sense than humans can understand… Is it something like ultrasonic waves?

	I couldn’t hear it so I don’t really understand…

	“Everyone, run…”

	“Amako?”

	Amako with an astonishing look murmured with a trembling voice.

	Along with her words, Bluerin, who turned to the back, glared at the depths of the forest and began to growl, so when I turned to that, I heard a lot of footsteps and monsters crying from the forest.

	……It ’s not a coincidence, right?

	“The magical power that was put into the screaming earlier is causing the monsters around here to run away!?”

	“What!? You mean they’re coming towards us!?”

	“A monster with a strong will would be fine, but a monster that lives in the wild can’t resist this vibration! Go now!”

	If so, does it mean that all the monsters around here are in a state of confusion!?

	Moreover, it’s coming to us… No, there’s no time we have to run away!

	“Everyone run!! Amako!?”

	“…”

	Looking next to me, I can see Amako hugging her body and trembling.

	She can’t move because she’s afraid!?

	Should I fight to save time!? No. Then the monsters that I couldn’t stop would attack Amako. In this situation where there’s Amako who can’t move, it’s almost impossible for me to stop all the monsters by myself.

	……It can not be helped.

	“Hold tight!”

	“Cha!?”

	I put Neah on my shoulder and started running with Amako.

	“Aak-san! Please run away with the horse!”

	“I understand!”

	Aak-san who got on the horse pulled the reins and rode the horse vigorously.

	Bluerin knew what I wanted to do from the beginning, so he followed me without worrying about the influence of the screaming.

	A horde of monsters has already arrived from behind.

	However, instead of a flock, various kinds of monsters are running, they’re only keeping only us in sight without fighting.

	The eyes are also bloody, so I think they think we are food, but… no matter how much this is too abnormal.

	“What the hell is going on…!”

	Although I was frustrated by the apparently unusual situation, I had no choice but to carry Amako and go on the road.





Chapter 99

	A few minutes to be chased by a flock of monsters.

	The hordes of monsters are still aiming at us, and it seems that the number isn’t decreasing the least.

	Probably, monsters from all over the area are gathering here, but… It’s nothing but a nuisance for us being chased.

	However, it is not without a solution.

	If we continue to run as it is, we should eventually reach the lake where Mia Rak is located. If we go there, we can take a boat and cross the lake. The monsters will not enter the lake.

	“The number of trees is decreasing! It’s coming soon!! Usato-san, are you okay!?”

	“Don’t worry about me!”

	“Wait, isn’t it strange that you are running side by side with Bluerin and the horse?”

	Ignoring Neah muttering on my shoulder, I confirmed the safety of Amako on my back and Bluerin running next to us.

	For the time being, I’m relieved that everyone doesn’t seem to be injured.

	“Usato, something pops out from the front…!!”

	“A monster…!”

	I was relieved for a while until Amako put her hand around my neck and told me that she had predicted the situation in a few seconds.

	Maybe Neah was also listening as she activated magic on my shoulder and sent a restraint spell to my right hand. I also immediately create a healing magic bullet in my right palm and throw it so that the healing restraint bullet is released at the same time.

	There is no time to stop, if they try to block us,we’ll just force it open.

	“Ooooo!! Uoo!? Ooooo!?”

	“…”

	It was a humanoid monster that was hit directly by the healing restraint bullet at the same time as it jumped out of the bush about 15 meters away.

	A large body of 2.5 meters.

	The ferocious monster looks like a human with muscular bones to the side, but from the reddish skin and the big club held in its hand, it can be seen that it is not a human but a monster.

	It received a healing restraint bullet, and as I could clearly see the rigid figure, I felt a strange feeling about the monster in front of me.

	Muscle ripped from every body.

	A savage weapon.

	A scary face like a demon.

	That?…… Wait a minute, maybe this one……

	“Ogre!? Why is this guy — Usato!?”

	“Did you just equate that thing to me…!?”

	I was told that I was like this guy!?

	This is a rather strong monster then!?

	I haven’t seen the appearance of a monster called an ogre until now, but I had an indescribable unreasonableness and clenched my fist.

	“Uoo, oh oh!!”

	“Usato! The restraint has been released!? This isn’t your average opponent —“

	“This cheeky little!! Amako!”

	“You can leave it as it is, the ogre cannot react.”

	When I heard Amako’s prediction, I left Bluerin and the horse in a momentary manner, slipped into the ogre’s side at once, and pushed out a powerful healing punch.

	“Wait, are you just going to attack as is!?”

	“I’m not so barbaric!! Eat this!!”

	“Listen to me for a moment!?”

	The ogre leaked a moaning voice after being pierced by my fist without sound, and white eyes showed.

	When its movement slowed down, I grabbed the right arm of the ogre, turned around and at the same time and threw it at the hordes of monsters approaching me.

	The ogre crushed the monster at the front, which slowed down the speed of the flock.

	Looking at that scene, I brushed up my bangs and smiled.

	“…Seriously, aren’t you a little rude to me. Treating me like that monster…”

	“Yeah my bad… You’re not an ogre. You’re something more than an ogre.”

	“E-Eh? The ore was supposed to be as dangerous as Bluerin, but… am I the weird one?”

	Ignoring the voices on my shoulder and back, I started running again.

	But… well, the ogre was pretty strong, but not as much as Rose. There is no feeling of intimidation, and above all, if it sinks with a single blow of a fist, the latter one is scarier, yup.

	If they weren’t good enough, they would be stronger than me, a healing magician.

	However, there are some things that are of concern.

	“Neah, do Ogres come near where people live?”

	“Well, of course not. Normally, it should only stick to places with a lot of monsters. I think it came out of its home under the influence of that roar, but it’s obviously not normal.”

	After all, this may also be related to the previous roar.

	For the time being, once we enter Mia Rak and secure our safety, let’s tell the Queen of Mia Rak about this. If there were any strong influences on the monsters around Mia Rak, it could have a negative effect not only on us but also on the citizens.

	“I can see Mia Rak!”

	“Oh.”

	I heard Ark-san’s voice as I looked up ahead.

	The trees are gone and the white city can be seen in front of the open scenery. It’s not as big as Samaria, but it’s still a big city.

	“…Usato”

	“Hmm? Amako, it’s okay. we’ll be able to board the ship soon.”

	“No, it’s not that…”

	Amako, who put her hand on me and set out to look into the distance, opened her eyes as if she was looking at something incredible.

	I also turned to the front and watched the direction she was looking at, but I could see Mia Rak in the lake and the lake that reflected the sunlight shone white.

	“Wait a minute”

	It looks beautiful in white.

	However, why is the surface of the lake not moving?

	In the lake that had solidified as if time had stopped, I moved at a stretch to grasp the situation and moved to a place where I could see the entire lake.

	As I approached the lake, the first thing I felt was chilly.

	I felt that the temperature had dropped at once as if the season had changed only in that place, I looked around while being confused.

	“What’s going on…!”

	“It’s frozen!?”

	Waiting for us to arrive at the floating city of Mia Rak was―――,

	It was not a beautiful city of water surrounded by lakes, but a silver world that was dominated by ice and changed without the shadow of a floating city.

	* * *

	The lake is frozen.

	It is also in a fairly wide range.

	I was completely familiar with the world of fantasy, but I couldn’t help but admire such a scene.

	“Then, there can’t be a ship out there…! Ark-san!! I’ll run instead. Ark-san should go directly to Mia Rak with Amako and Bluerin!!”

	Ark’s horse would be overtaken if he was running normally.

	It cannot be said that there is no possibility that some of the monsters could fly or something, so I have to stop them first.

	“…I will believe in Usato…!”

	“Don’t worry about me, I’ll leave as soon as I get the chance!”

	“…I understand! Don’t overdo it!”

	Ark-san nodded with a bitter expression.

	I also nodded to him, lowered Amako on my back, and put her on the back of Bluerin by my side.

	“Bluerin, take care of Amako.”

	“Grrr”

	“…I’m not worried, but please come back safely.”

	“Yeah!”

	I saw the horses on which Bluerin and Ark-san were riding running toward Mia Rak, and I caught Neah who was about to follow them and turned to the front.

	“Neah, you stick with me.”

	“Eh, no way! Who would like to fight in that place!? Go get along with the monsters on your own!?”

	Getting along well with the monster……

	I keep a smile while being a little irritated.

	“It’s okay, I’ll protect you”

	“If you want to protect me then leave me!? You know how crazy you are for saying such a line right now!?”

	“What~, it’s only a minute or two. It’s just a matter of punching and disturbing them.”

	“I’m not worried about that!?”

	This is the end of our talk.

	I spread my legs half a step and hold my fist so that I can start running at any time.

	First, let’s hit the Ogre to gather hostility.

	Because if I poke another monster, it’ll keep a distance and try to avoid it. Let’s sink the one that can be sunk by hit & away.

	“OK —“

	At that time, a terrible plosive sound was heard from behind.

	“!?”

	“What is it this time!?”

	I thought something was wrong, and when I turned around, I found two people in a frozen lake — about 30 meters away from me. One is a tall, shirtless man with long hair that has no shame. The other is wearing cracked armor and its gender is unknown.

	The man has a large double-edged ax gives off a silver-white shine in his hand, and he lowers his arms so as to loosely weaken and stares at the person wearing armor.

	The person in the armor was glaring at the long-haired man, perhaps slamming into the surface of the frozen lake with some tremendous force, cracking the center of the crushed ice.

	From the situation, the people who were making the battle sound that Amako was saying can be seen as these two people ―――,

	“…The movement of the monsters has stopped…?”

	When I saw the monsters, their bodies shook and ran away.

	As if they didn’t want to be noticed by a terrifying existence, I felt an unpleasant premonition of the monster escaping to the forest, and I lightly poke Neah stuck on my shoulder.

	“Are you okay, Neah”

	“Hmm, yeah. I don’t know what that is, but let’s chase Ark soon. At the speed of horses and Burlin, we’ll get to Miarak soon, and there’s no reason to be here anymore……”

	She’s shaking.

	Does she not learn from experience?

	It’s true that Ark-san’s horse and Bluerin will soon reach Miarak, but I’ve never seen something make her so scared.

	“Uh, uh…”

	“—“

	A long-haired man who slowly walks up to the person in armor who is struck by ice and cannot move. Lightly swing up the ax held in his hand —,

	“This is bad!?”

	“Usato!?”

	I reflexively jumped forward.

	By all means, that long-haired man doesn’t look normal. I don’t know if the person in that armor is also an ally, but I’m not going to be so stupid to get hit by him.

	I lit the healing magic on my fist and immediately narrowed the distance, and at the same time, I hit the abdomen of the long-haired man who swung up his ax with a moderately healing punch.

	At that time, there was a strange feeling in my fist.

	“…”

	Why is it hard?

	Even if it was blocked by muscles, it didn’t feel like hitting a zombie.

	While being puzzled by the feeling of hitting a hard scale like that Wicked dragon or that snake, he looks back and calls out to the person in armor who looks up at me in a daze.

	“I’ve been hit…? Lightly hit by him…”

	“Can you move!?”

	“Ah, ah… ouch, pain”

	A person in armor holding his legs…… It’s a higher voice than I imagined.

	I can’t see his facial expression, but it seems that he is injured everywhere.

	I have to heal his injuries with healing magic immediately.

	Thinking so, when I rushed to him (?) And tried to apply healing magic, he grabbed my hand.

	“Run now…! No matter how successful the surprise attack, he will get up immediately…!”

	“What do you mean he’ll get up?”

	“Usato! Behind!!”

	When I hear the voice of Neah and the sound of something breaking behind me, it seems that he was approaching us by cutting the wind. Immediately, I turned around and saw the long-haired man trying to slam his fist here.

	I stick out my right palm in front of me and catch the man’s fist.

	“—!”

	“Hmmph…!”

	The impact penetrates the fist.

	While being surprised at the unexpected power, I put my strength into my legs and endured the impact, and on the contrary, caught his fist.

	The long-haired man opened his eyes with no expression.

	“――――!?”

	“Kidding me… he stopped it…?”

	For some reason, the person in armor was also surprised, but now let’s concentrate in front of us.

	Though he looks at me with deadpan eyes, but I can feel hostility. ――― There’s no mistake, he’s an enemy.

	Then —,

	“I’ll heal you, so fly a little further!!”

	I pulled the fist that I grabbed and released a roundhouse kick with my left foot that was pulled far back.

	However, the long-haired man catches the kick with his arm holding the ax. Although I tried to kick off his defense, my kick was completely stopped by the man’s tremendous strength.

	―――― He stopped my kick just like that!?

	The long-haired man puts his strength into his fist held by me. Again, he stabs his foot into the ice and tries to compete with me, but the ice, which is the scaffolding, gets a big crack.

	“…Ugh…!?”

	What power…!

	If I stop focusing for a second, I’ll lose!?

	He’s equivalent to me…… no, maybe a little more stronger.

	“Someone can compete with Usato’s stupid power!?”

	“Please support me while just complaining!”

	Neah activates magic and pours a restraint spell from my fist to stop his movement for a moment.

	“――――!?”

	“Hmm!”

	With that little gap, I used a healing restraint fist in the form of pushing up from below into his chest, hit it more than before, and forcibly took a distance.

	It’s good that I got off from him, but he looks like he didn’t take much damage from the feel of the fist.

	While waving my left hand that I hit, I raised my voice.

	“What is that person, that’s not some humane power…?”

	“Oi, are you really saying that? Do you understand that the words will come back to you?”

	……

	“As expected, there’s someone who can compete with my strength…! Kuu… I should have trained more in this case…!”

	“Kuu, my ass! Isn’t it strange that someone can compete with you.”

	I can’t hear Neah’s words because I have an expression of biting a bitter gourd.

	If you can’t hear it, you can’t hear it.

	……He might get up soon, so I don’t have time to heal the person in armor.

	While being wary of the attack of the long-haired man, I put my hand on the back and knees of the person in armor and lifted it.

	“What…”

	“Time to leave.”

	“Y-You should be leaving instead!! I’m wearing armor… he’s not sweet enough to leave me!”

	Does this person know who that long-haired man is?

	Then I have to ask about the situation later.

	“Don’t worry, it’s something I’m used to.”

	“What do you mean… Uwa!?”

	While holding the person in armor, I leave the place at full speed.

	Moving with people is my main business for I’m under the rescue squad. It doesn’t change even if you wear armor. Rather, at the time of the battle of the Demon King’s army, all the knights wore armor, so it’s no problem.

	Besides, there is no reason for me, a healing magician, to leave the injured and run away…!

	“It’s a little pain, but… this is recovery magic, isn’t it?”

	“It’s healing magic. Injuries aren’t a big deal, so they’ll heal quickly!”

	“Wait, you’re a healing magician!? And yet you were dealing with him!?”

	“Yes……!”

	I can hear a loud noise behind me and I can hear something approaching while crushing the ice.

	So he is going to chase after me, I don’t know what kind of existence the other person is, but to try and chase up with me…! The signs are getting farther away as I accelerate my feet.

	The person in the armor holding it could see the back, it was breathtaking.

	“Who are you…”

	“I’m Usato. A messenger from the Kingdom of Lingle, and your “average “healing magician. I came to give Mia Rak an important letter… how about you?”

	Neah on the shoulder whispered, “He’s not normal…”, but I ignore it and ask the person in armor who has relaxed.

	Then, the helmet trembles as if to stagnate.

	“I’m Leo —!? Get away!”

	I reflexively jumped away from the place in response to the panicked voice of the person in armor.

	The next moment, a big icicle pierced the place where I was from the sky. The icicles disperse tremendous cold air and burst like a shot.

	I was surprised to see the long-haired man approaching me while swinging a double-edged ax when I turned my eyes to the direction in which the icicle would have flown. And — many icicles came falling from the sky —,

	“Tsk, Neah, a magic of resistance!!”

	“I’m already doing it!?”

	If I ate such an icicle like a shotgun, I would put Neah and the person in armor in danger!?

	He’s probably resistant to ice and wrapped in magic, I concentrate on avoiding the falling icicles.

	“…What is it! He’s beyond the scope of magic!!”

	“I feel a great power from that axe, but… it’s not your average power!?”

	While supporting the person in armor with only one hand, I knock off the shot with the other hand.

	By the time all the icicles had fallen, the long-haired man who should have separated was quite close.

	“Sorry, I got you involved in our battle…”

	The person in the armor said so weakly.

	On the other hand, when the long-haired man pierces the ice ground with an ax vigorously, he takes a deep breath and raises a loud voice that cannot be imagined from an expressionless guy like him.

	“Ooooooooooooooooo!!”

	“…This guy”

	Was this person the one who made the monster run away…!

	And looking at the ice from before, was he the reason that this lake was frozen!?

	Be ready to move at any time.

	“His name is Karon”

	The person in armor trembled and muttered in a voice that only I could hear, as if he was looking at something horrid.

	“He was originally a human… a man who was supposed to be a hero.”

	“Originally” a human being.

	He was supposed to be a hero.

	The words made me realize that this situation was endlessly bad.





Chapter 100

	“He was supposed to be a hero…!?”

	The first thing that came to mind in the words of the person in armor was the appearance of senpai and Kazuki.

	However, I immediately deny that idea.

	The physique, body, and magic that are separated from that person clearly do not apply to humans on earth. Rather, the thickness of the skin and superhuman strength aren’t possible overnight.

	In the first place, if someone had such a superhuman strength in the same world as me, I would be surprised.

	“By hero you mean that he was chosen by this country?”

	“…Yeah, that’s right.”

	There’s two interpretations of hero in this world.

	The first; A person with the qualities of a hero summoned from another world like a senpai and Kazuki.

	The second; The country gives one individual the title of hero and therefore that person becomes a hero.

	In this case, this long-haired man — Karon is the latter.

	“Even so, he… Karon’s power is beyond the scope of humans…”

	“I don’t want you to be saying that of all people…”

	Shut up.

	However, the problem is what to do in this current situation.

	“I want to withdraw from here… but it doesn’t look like he’ll let us do that…!”

	I spread my legs half a step and look at Karon who is carrying an ax and glaring at me.

	Let’s see, if I turn my back on this person, the icicle just before will fly. However, even if I stay here, he’ll just attack.

	While doing so, Karon puts his hands on the icy ground like a beast.

	“He’s coming……!”

	“You, Usato right! Please leave me behind!! I don’t want to get in your way!!”

	The person in armor, Leo-san was it……? The voice was a little high and husky, but judging from his name, it was a man.

	His injuries were completely healed, so I let him down.

	“I don’t know you very well and I’m also worried about the strange creature on your shoulder whom you were talking to… but I can see that you’re not a villain.”

	“What do you mean by strange!? I’m an owl!?”

	No, you’re a vampire.

	While looking inwardly, I look at the person in armor who moved a little behind me.

	“I’ll talk about what happened with him in Miarak later. First, help me overcome this situation.”

	Leo turned his palm toward Karon with his armor.

	There’s no weapons, is he planning to fight with magic?

	……The person who was fighting him alone until a while ago, it would be reliable if we could fight together.

	“…Thank you. I’m counting on you.”

	“!? You’re counting on me… me… reliable…?”

	“Hmm?……!”

	For a moment, I felt that he was displaying a disappointing and strange feeling, but when I saw Karon put effort into his legs, I switched my thoughts and jumped forward.

	The first move was overwhelmingly faster than me!

	A healing restraint bullet was released under Karon’s feet, and he hurried on as much as he could to close the distance. Karon is about to fly, perhaps trying to intercept me as he approaches, but my healing restraint hits his unsuspecting right foot directly, causing him to lose his posture.

	“If you’re a heavy opponent, then you’re not used to this!”

	Basically heavy guys do not defend!

	I’ve learned in the battle with the Wicked dragon!

	“Neah! You’re gonna lose consciousness if you don’t focus!”

	“――――!”

	We continued tossing punches with extreme speed.

	Continuously hitting him with the healing restraint fist to block the movement ―――,

	“Tsk!”

	However, I feel a terrible cold air from Karon’s ax and immediately withdraw my protruding arm.

	At the next moment, the ax swung around by force passing where my arm was.

	“That was dangerous, I was taken aback just now!!”

	“Ooooooooooo!!”

	“Ku…”

	It’s like there’s no weight―――as I avoid the onslaught of attacks from Karon who wields his ax as if swinging a wooden stick.

	If I was hit by it, I would be seriously injured, and if I’m careful, I would die instantly.

	Moreover, in addition to the slashing, another troublesome thing is this cold. I’ve managed to control it with healing magic now, but if I continue to be exposed to cold air, I can’t move properly.

	Every time the ax was swung around, a strong cold air was released and robbed me of my body temperature.

	“Neah… a magic of resistance…!”

	“For the cold!? Or slash —“

	The axe was swung in front of my face. It didn’t hit me but… that chilled my entire body.

	Neah, who is at the same height as my face, felt the coldness as her face was showing a deep blue colour.

	“Slash, the slash!”

	“Hoot… slash is it!?”

	Because the resistance spell was activated, the slashing did not work for me — but honestly, I do not want to receive an ax on my face, so let’s attack when there’s a gap.

	When holding a fist and trying to restrain the opponent, ice gravel popped out from behind and hit Karon’s hand holding the ax directly.

	The gravel of ice spread widely contrary to its appearance, and Karon’s hands and the ground were sewn with ice.

	“……Hmm!?”

	“Usato, now!!”

	Looking behind, Leo holds his palm.

	Did he accurately aim only at the handle of the ax that was swung around!?

	Ice gravel ――― No, he compressed the magical power of ice with both hands, and shot two magical bullets of ice in a row, hitting Karon’s legs, and further strengthening the restraint.

	“That helped! Neah! Accumulate all of the magic restraint at once!!”

	“Yeah yeah, I’ve already witnessed your rash actions one too many times!!”

	A fist with restraint magic.

	The binding force of each blow is insignificant, but if you hit it continuously, it will become a considerable binding force!

	I stepped on Karon who was about to start moving while crushing the ice, and waved my fist.

	“Oooooooo!”

	Eighteen fists were struck simultaneously.

	I couldn’t do more than that because there was a risk of damaging Karon’s body.

	However, it seems that the restraint spell worked by itself, and Karon’s limbs that were beaten by me had multiple layers of restraint spell.

	“Phew —…”

	“Well, uh, should I admire this guy who has been getting hit by this monster’s fist?”

	I was worried that I had overdo as what Neah pointed out.

	The feeling that remains on my fist felt like hitting the scales of the wicked dragon— but the damage itself does not seem to pass much…

	“Let’s get into Miarak early. If we don’t leave soon, this person will start rampaging immediately, honestly, we can only suppress it now.”

	“…It’s unusual of you to look at this situation rationally. You didn’t just insanely rush in and…”

	That’s rude of you to call me that.

	While being wary of Karon who did not move, we went back and urged the person in armor to enter Miarak.

	However—,

	“…Ooo…”

	“! He is still able to move!?”

	“Usato, I will support you again! Once more —“

	“Ooooooooooooooo…!”

	A roar that was strong enough to shake the air.

	The voice made me feel something extraordinary was about to happen.

	Along with that, something like a horn grows from the man’s head.

	“What the…!? Horns!?”

	“A tail is also growing!?”

	Karon has two white horns from the temporal region and a blue dragon-like tail from the waist.

	Karon screamed as if in response to his transformation.

	“That’s a dragon!? How could humans transform into a dragon!?”

	“That’s too early…! There should still be time!”

	“What do you mean!?”

	I asked Leo-san, but I didn’t get a response because he was upset by the sudden situation.

	While doing so, Karon, who finished the transformation, swings up an ax with a stronger cold air than before.

	In the torrent of tremendous magical power that can be felt on the skin, Neah thrust into the bosom of my uniform. At that time, I heard a voice saying “Pugyafu”, but I ignored her and stand in front of Leo who was upset as I protect my face and abdomen with both arms.

	The next moment, the wind and cold air blew away from the ax that was swung down, which felt like a snowstorm.

	“Guuuuuuuuuuuu!”

	“Hyaah ~~~!”

	Fortunately or unfortunately, I was blown away and was struck from my back against the icy ground near the gate of Miarak.

	Neah is screaming in my inner pocket, so she’s safe, but…… I’m not.

	“Damn, who’s that person…! IThat’s not normal to blow someone off with just cold air…!”

	My body got cold and I couldn’t move well.

	It doesn’t feel like I’m freezing, but it’s so cold that my limbs isn’t moving well…

	“…Leo…”

	He was blown away with me and fell just behind me.

	I want to rescue him right away, but first of all I need to heal my body ―――

	“Ooooooooo!!”

	“Tsk, so you are still chasing me!”

	The ax was swung up and Karon was catching up, and his cheeks cramped.

	It would be fatal if he attacked in this situation, but no matter how much healing magic I applied, the coldness wouldn’t stop.

	What’s more, there’s no time for Neah to apply resistance to the cold air.

	At this rate, a certain death is waiting.

	“As if I’ll die in such a place…!!”

	Forcibly apply healing magic to my legs that aren’t moving in the cold, I tried to stand up.

	If I couldn’t move completely in this cold weather, I would have died long ago……!!

	Thinking so, when I stood up scolding my trembling body and looked up, Karon had already begun to swing down his ax.

	On top… I’ll show you a counter attack!!

	I hold my fist with the resistant magic as much as I can and swing it.

	――― Clink!

	“――――!?”

	“……What?”

	However, before Karon’s fist came into contact with my fist, the ax that Karon swung down was blocked by something and was flipped.

	Karon, who landed on the ground, continued to swing his ax, but everything was blocked by something like a transparent wall, and the attack did not pass.

	“Is this a barrier?”

	Looking closely, there is a translucent light blue barrier between me and Karon, which was deployed not only in front of me but also to cover Mia Rak.

	The barrier that trapped Eva in tSamaria was not as big as this.

	Who on earth…

	“Usato-dono!!”

	“Ark-san!”

	Ark-san comes down from the wall near the castle gate.

	Amako and Bluerin… Did you leave them in Miarak?

	“Are you okay!? Warm up with my flames now!!”

	“No, I’m okay. Rather than that, you should treat that person over there…”

	Karon can’t handle us anymore.

	The barrier is stronger than it looks, so there’s no need to be afraid. The problem is Leo-san, who was blown away with me. I’m still paralyzed by the cold, but now that I’m able to move a lot, I lift Leo-san, who has fainted, and cast healing magic.

	Ark-san, who moved next to me when he was shedding magical power while looking at the coldness of his armor, created a flame in his palm.

	“Ark-san…”

	“Usato always has a bad habit of holding it in. Please rely on me a little more.”

	“……Thank you”

	The heat of the flame warms my cold body.

	I looked at Ark-san and smiled and we moved to the gate of Mia Rak, where Ark-san seems to have come out.

	During that time, a black owl jumped out of my clothes.

	“Puha, Usato! Are you trying to suffocate me!?”

	“Oh, I’m sorry. I forgot about you.”

	“So terrible!?”

	For the time being, it all worked out.

	Surely, if I had eaten that snowstorm, I might have been blown far away rather than frozen.

	In the first place, what’s going on in MiaRak.

	Karon, a man with horns and a tail.

	Leo-san is wearing armor that covers the whole body.

	And, the strange tranquility of Miarak who does not show up even in such a disaster.

	“……In any case”

	Look at Karon, who is outside the barrier.

	There is a reflection of him glaring at me and groaning like a beast.

	Honestly, I was the one who would have lost if I continued as it was. I was saved by being blocked by a barrier by chance, but I don’t want to imagine what would have happened if it hadn’t been for that.

	“I’m not good at brawls…”

	If possible, I wouldn’t want to fight him again.

	On the other hand, I had a feeling that I had to fight with Karon again, even if I didn’t like it.

	* * *

	When I entered the floating city of Miarak and joined with Amako and Bluerin, what I saw was a very quiet cityscape.

	There are no stores open and no people.

	While feeling unpleasant at the deserted scene, I asked Ark-san who was next to me.

	“This is…”

	“Yes, for some reason there are no people.”

	No way, the people here were killed by Karon…? No, then there should be blood and traces of being devastated.

	“Amako, the smell of blood…”

	“Yeah, not at all”

	That is not Karon’s work.

	Then why? In this situation, there may be no one in the castle beyond sight.

	“…Guru”

	“Bluerin also said that there are no signs of people here.”

	“Really”

	This may not be just a simple handling of letters…

	If Miarak is to be handed over in such a situation, it seems meaningless to hand over the letter.

	“Usato-dono, why don’t you look for the person who created the barrier?”

	“Yes?”

	“Even if it is due to such a wide range of barriers and magic tools, it will take human hands to bring out the effect to that extent. If you look for that person, you may solve this mysterious situation.”

	“Yeah. As Ark says, first look for the person who created the barrier. At the moment, this person, who seems to be the only person involved in Miarak, has fainted in the last blow.”

	Neah, who is now in the form of the village girl, agreed with Ark-san’s words and glanced at the person in the armor.

	Certainly what we should do now is to grasp the situation.

	Well, if we have Nea, Amako, and Bluerin who have a better sense than humans, we will find them soon.

	“No need to do that”

	“!”

	A muffled voice echoed from the back.

	Apparently Leo-san woke up.

	For the time being, when I lowered him, I saw his armor full of dents.

	“I’m sorry. I was helped again.”

	“Are you okay? Is there anything that hurts?”

	“No, strangely there’s none. I’m surprised that I’m not even tired. I’m sorry I’ve been despising healing magic until now… I’m really grateful to you.”

	He felt a little embarrassed and bowed his head.

	However, the words of Leo, who raised his head next, startled me.

	“But the skilled healing magician is really awesome! I never thought he would hit him with his fist, let alone take a punch that easily!”

	“A- Ahahaha, it’s not a big deal…”

	Leo-san’s words made me squeeze my cheeks.

	I’m sorry, ordinary healing magicians aren’t good at hand-to-hand fighting. Rather, it’s strange to go for a hit.

	And oi, the fox and the owl behind me. You seem to be desperately holding back, but you know I can hear you laughing?

	“But I’m sorry…”

	“Emotions rise and fall sharply…”

	Is he emotionally unstable?

	Is he younger under the armor? His height is a little taller than mine, and he may be unexpectedly close to my age.

	“So Leo-san”

	“…Are you referring to me?”

	“Huh?”

	Did I make a mistake in his name?

	No, but I feel like he introduced himself as Leo.

	“…Oh, is it because we’ve met for the first time, but after fighting together, we call them each other by nickname… Is that so?”

	“No, that”

	“Don’t mind it. Just call me Usato, because it’s easier to call me that than to change it right now.”

	“Ah, that’s right.”

	It’s too much trouble, so let’s leave the name behind.

	Because he was wearing a helmet, I don’t know his facial expression, but I think he’s very happy as I see him nodding with his arms folded.

	It wasn’t intended for me.

	“You guys want to know what the situation is for Miarak now.”

	“Yes”

	“…I’ll tell you more about it at the castle, because I have to report it as well.”

	“In the castle? Is there still a person here?”

	Leo-san nods to Ark-san’s words.

	“Oh, but the number isn’t that big… Follow me and I’ll guide you to the castle.”

	“Bluerin… Is it okay to take this blue grizzly along?”

	“…Is the bear there a monster? And is it a blue grizzly… I don’t mind if it doesn’t attack people… but he can’t enter the castle.”

	“Gua”

	Bluerin growled.

	I somehow understood what he was saying, so I spoke to Leo-san for Burlin.

	“Don’t worry, he’s fine.”

	“Oh, is that so…”

	Leo-san, who was slightly backtracked, turned awkwardly and started walking toward the castle, making a rattling noise.

	When we followed him, Amako who had moved next to me looked up at me.

	“Usato, are you aware?”

	“Hmm? What…?”

	“That person……”

	Amako’s line of sight turns to Leo-san.

	What are you aware of? Is it something important?

	“What happened to him?”

	“He… oh, ah no, no. Yeah, it’s nothing.”

	What are you really worried about?

	Amako smiled a little and walked next to me, looking forward to seeing what I was saying.

	I don’t know what you mean at all… Well, if you say it’s okay, then it’s okay.

	I was following Leo-san with my friends, still feeling uncomfortable.





Chapter 101

	The road to the castle of Mia Rak was terribly quiet.

	There were no people, and even the items for sale were left unattended… It was as if people had disappeared at a certain time, and it felt disturbing

	“Leo”

	Walking with Ark-san and others in a city dominated by silence, I called out to Leo, a man in armor who was walking in front of us.

	“Yes, what is it?”

	“Why don’t you take off your helmet?”

	“!?”

	From a while ago, I was a little worried about him who never tried to remove his helmet.

	When he heard my words, he suddenly held his head in his hand.

	“Oh, it was rude to keep my face hidden forever. I’m sorry, I’ll remove it now.”

	Leo tries to take off his helmet immediately.

	However, contrary to expectations, the helmet does not come off as if it was caught by something.

	“Ah, Eh? I can’t get it? Mmm, Mmm…!”

	Leo grabs his own head and tries to pull it up.

	Probably the armor was distorted during the battle with Karon, and he was caught in the helmet and could not be removed.

	Leo, who started jumping up on the spot, turned around as after noticing our line of sight.

	His voice seemed to tremble.

	“I-I will remove it at the castle.”

	“Well, that’s better…”

	Leo, who was embarrassed, turned to the front and started walking again.

	Somehow, he muttered something like “I’ve done it…” or “Maybe it’s no good anymore” or something like that.

	Since he said that he has to report the contents to the castle so I thought he seems to be serious.

	“Is he a more playful person than I expected?”

	“That’s right. It’s very rare to have a personality that feels naturally familiar like that.”

	Ark-san nods to my words.

	I just met Leo, but I had various impressions.

	Reliable, serious, kindness that cared about others more than himself, and a friendly personality… I could feel he’s a little unfortunate, but I’m sure that it’s just me.

	Not all the people I meet are unfortunate people every time.

	“If we’re talking about people who are unfortunate…”

	“…What?”

	When I casually glance at Neah walking diagonally in front of me, I was returned with a jerky eye.

	……

	“Sigh…”

	“Hey!? It’s terrible to sigh when you see a person’s face!? I didn’t even do anything!?”

	“No, it’s just that… you’re kinda unfortunate…”

	“I don’t want to be told by the most unfortunate guy! This devil and brain for muscle desensitized man!”

	“I’m shocked that you can throw all the taunts you can think of.”

	I have no choice but to complain about the bad words.

	It was insensitive.

	Aside from the devil and the brain muscles, I’m proud that I have reached an area that is too sharp for reflexes.

	“If you’re talking about pain, I’m usually in pain. I’m just putting up with it. The point is, if I’m enthusiastic I can stand it and I can’t stand it if I don’t feel like it.”

	“I wonder if you’ll notice that something is strange when you can put up with it…”

	“Humans are creatures that get stronger every time they overcome pain…”

	Terrible muscle pain during training.

	Pain that continued to be abused, ignoring the screaming muscles.

	Injury and poison in the battle with the snake.

	Avoiding training just to be unilaterally beaten by Rose.

	Injury in the battle with the wicked dragon.

	Mental attack in Samaria.

	It wasn’t all half-baked, but I endured it and got over it.

	“After all that, did you still think you were human?”

	However, the vampire who’s hiding as the skin of the village girl returned with such a reaction, perhaps in my words.

	“Your reaction is hurting me.”

	“No, because… think about it in common sense… because ordinary humans don’t punch an ogre with a single blow… and only a monster could withstand hundreds of years of mental attack?”

	It’s not like she’s making fun of me.

	But it still stings to hear it…!? I was almost crying because of the reaction.

	“Stop it Neah. Can’t you see that Usato’s hurt?”

	“Amako…!”

	I knew you were on my side, Amako.

	Amako hugging my arm with both arms glared at Neah.

	“Usato is still human. Still.”

	“Hey, why did you say it twice?”

	It makes sense, but I’m a human being, right?

	It’s not like I’d transform into another creature at a certain time, right?

	Amako tilted her head cutely to my appealing line of sight.

	“?”

	“No, don’t tilt your head. And don’t act as though you don’t get what I’m saying?”

	Amako didn’t follow up.

	I think it’s different.

	Stepping on and being kicked would mean exactly this.

	“We’re about to arrive at the castle… Oh, Usato, what’s wrong? No way, did you get hurt somewhere in the previous battle!?”

	“My body’s fine, but my heart hurts…”

	Although my mental strength should have become stronger in Samaria, a normal shock would hurt so much more.

	I told Leo, who cried out in a hurry, that it was okay as he misunderstood what I was doing, and I turned to the nearby castle of Mia Rak.

	It looks like a castle made in the same way as the Kingdom of Lingle and Samaria. But the colour is a little light blue?

	There is a person here that Leo wants to meet.

	“Well, we also have a lot to ask as well.”

	The water around Mia Rak is frozen.

	Why is Karon, a mysterious man, out of control?

	And we have to ask about what is happening to Karon-san.

	* * *

	We were guided by Leon and we arrived at the castle.

	When I moved to the front of the castle gate, a person who seemed to be a maid of the castle welcomed Leo and us. However, no one comes out of the castle except her.

	As soon as she saw Leo, she changed her face and rushed to him.

	“— Are you alright!?”

	“Yeah, as you can see, there are no injuries.”

	“Aren’t you tattered!?”

	“Oh no, I’m intact inside.”

	“Well, is that so… What about those people?”

	The maid was relieved, but when she noticed us, she looked suspicious.

	Probably because there is a monster, Bluerin. He’s usually docile, but from the perspective of ordinary people, it’s a ferocious monster, the blue grizzly, so it’s reasonable to be wary.

	“They helped me in danger. I can guarantee that they’re not an enemy.”

	Leo immediately told the maid about us, there was nothing to be wary of.

	“Usato, let her guide you, because I have to remove this armor.”

	“Oh, yes. I understand.”

	“Well, I’ll see you soon.”

	Leo, who put his hand on my shoulder, smiled and walked toward the castle.

	The maid who saw off Leo turned around and thanked him reverently.

	“Then, everyone. Please follow me. Ah your, familiar… familiar?… May I have the blue grizzly bear be in the stables?”

	“Yes, it is okay”

	For the time being, we put Bluerin in the stable on the premises of the castle, and then ask the maid to guide us into the castle.

	The inside of the castle was the same as outside.

	“Is there nobody here…?”

	“I don’t think that that’s the case? It may look like there’s nobody, but there seem to be some.”

	Listening to Neah’s words, I look around the castle.

	I don’t understand even more. It’s the same outside, but it’s strange to think that there aren’t many people. It’s still convincing if the people of Mia Rak were erased by Karon’s hands outside, but can he do that much with the ice manipulator?

	“Why did you come to Mia Rak?”

	“We came from the Kingdom of Lingle for a mission, but when we came, the water around Mia Rak was frozen and an unidentified man was rampaging… what happened??”

	“…”

	Yes, when Ark-san asked the maid, she became silent.

	After a while of silence, she hesitated but opened her mouth.

	“I… I don’t understand the details. I don’t… but it started about a month ago.”

	“A month……”

	Was it around the time before we arrived at Samaria?

	It means that the turmoil had begun from that time.

	“One night, a knight suddenly rampaged. He began to attack those around him as if he had lost consciousness, and he was immediately taken over by the knights around him and put in prison.”

	Probably, the knight is Karon.

	But what does it mean to suddenly rampage?

	“After a while, he went back to normal and his usual peaceful life returned… Was what we thought so, but he never returned to his sanity, and his power from that day seemed to be increasing day by day… and —”

	“…and?”

	“Just two weeks ago, he broke the cage and escaped. He robbed Mia Rak of his powerful armor and quickly neutralized the knights and tried to destroy them.”

	“Isn’t it just the power of that ax…”

	Karon’s ax — It was coated with a strong cold air, so I thought that was the cause of changing him into a strange shape, but he had changed before that.

	Moreover, two weeks ago…

	It was around that time when we left Samaria, so we went straight ahead without noticing the abnormal situation of Mia Rak.

	Hmmm, it’s a very unlucky story.

	“So the people here were…?”

	“No. People living in Mia Rak have fled to neighboring countries.”

	“……Eh?”

	So they managed to escape while Karon was rampaging outside?

	Is that possible…?

	When I couldn’t understand the maid’s explanation, she stopped walking in front of me and turned around. There is a big door on our side, and she puts her palm on that door.

	“For more details, the Queen shall attend to it.”

	“Queen…?”

	Saying so she opened the door.

	A woman was sitting on the throne at the back of the hall that was visible in front of the door.

	Is she the same age or maybe older than Rose? However, due to her tired expression and the dark circles floating around her eyes, she seems older than she is.

	A royal costume based on blue and a cane that was transparent like ice. The woman, who turned her eyes squinting, stared at us with interest.

	“You guys… no, so you were the ones he was talking about, right?”

	“…!”

	Looking at me, I was confused by what she said.

	It was as if she knew me. What’s more, this time it didn’t feel like I had been researched in advance like in Samaria.

	The queen slowly stood up from the throne, who opened her eyes astonishingly.

	“Welcome to Mia Rak, I am Norn Erad Mia Rak, Queen of Mia Rak. First of all, I — We can’t really welcome you.”

	A clear refusal of the Queen, Norn Erad Miarak.

	The words made me convinced that the delivery of this letter would not be so easy.



	* * *

	“I know we’re not welcome, but it seems like we were involved for no apparent reason. First of all, could you talk about what is happening?”

	After receiving a clear refusal, Ark-san was talking to Norn-sama instead of me who did not know how to cut to the chase.

	In his words, Norn-sama opened her mouth small when she dropped her shoulders so that it would hang down.

	The voice was weak and did not make you feel any dignity.

	“I know. I think we should welcome you… but it’s too late. I’m sorry to say it harshly…”

	Norn-sama made a shadow on her facial expression and slowly lowered her arms.

	It should be said that the appearance was more like a salaryman who was tired of work than a queen. Confused by the difference between what I expected and the Queen in front of me, I waited for her next words.

	“I haven’t slept properly for about a week, and honestly I can’t think well…”

	“Eh, eh…”

	Even if you were in a bad mood for a reason that was lower than expected…

	She casually laid the expensive cane on her side and sat roughly in the throne, holding her eyes to prevent her from sleeping. If you look closely, there is something like a bottle lying beside the throne.

	……What, that…… Is it alcohol?

	When I was staring at the empty bottle, Nea and Amako next to me held my nose and grabbed my face.

	“Uh, Usato… that’s a potion. And this strong smell… it’s the one that has the effect of removing drowsiness…”

	“Wow, potions should be expensive, but that’s a great way to use them…”

	I heard about potions for the first time, but is it like an energy drink?

	Hearing Amako’s words, the queen smiled empty and empty, grabbed the bottle with the contents beside her and drank it with a trumpet.

	When I saw Norn-sama, the maid behind me rushed up.

	“No-Norn-sama! How many times do you know that overdose of potions is bad for your health!? It’s okay even if it’s 3 hours, so please sleep!”

	“No, I don’t like it! I will never wake up in three hours! I can’t sleep even for a day to get rid of the problematic child who is rampaging outside! Gulp gulp gulp!”

	“Ah, all at once!? That’s no good!”

	A queen who gulps a potion and a maid who tries to stop the assault while keeping her calm.

	Honestly, to me, who met the kings like Lucas-sama and Lloyd-sama, the young Norn-sama in front of me looked quite strange.

	Rather, she’s quite odd.



	“I haven’t been a queen that long and I have to be on the verge of extinction…

	Finally, even though we were there, she started whining.

	It can’t be helped even if it’s troublesome, so I sighed and decided to go forward.

	“Uhmm, I’m sorry.”

	“What is it…”

	I call out to her like a ghost who ruins everything, including the dignity she first felt.

	Actually, I think she is a very beautiful person but it’s ruined because of the dark circles and tiredness.

	“Shall I use healing magic?”

	“…Huh!?”

	What did you say?! Was what she thought as that was another solution.

	When I saw Norn-sama and the maid looking at me as if they had found a savior, I was tired for some reason.

	It seems that it will be a while before we hear about the situation.





Chapter 102

	The person who was waiting for us at the castle of Mia Rak was the Queen who was chugging on potions.

	At first, I was taken aback, but considering the situation surrounding her and the country, it was kinda justifiable.

	After applying healing magic to her, we introduced ourselves again in front of Norn-sama as before.

	“I’m sorry for being rude.”

	“No, given the situation we understand.”

	Norn-sama changed from the exhausted expression she had earlier to a satisfying face.

	Maybe the healing magic worked well, though the dark circles still remained, but the tired feeling had completely disappeared.

	“But healing magic was a blind spot on our part. I never imagined it would be such useful magic… I wonder if I could continue working without sleep and rest? Healed after this turmoil. Collect the magicians…”

	“Even if you can heal your body, you cannot heal your mind. No matter how much you move, if the spirit that supports it becomes exhausted, you will eventually collapse.”

	The healing magic is kind to the body, but not to the heart.

	If you forcibly heal your body with healing magic and continue to work without sleep, you will become crazy.

	In my words, the Queen was disappointed, and she played with the potion beside her with her palm.

	“I thought I didn’t have to rely on potions anymore, but I think I still need it.”

	“Norn-sama, you’d better stay away from the potion than look for a healing magician first.”

	Although the maid who was waiting behind advised Norn-sama, she did not listen at all and took good care of the potion.

	Is this person seriously addicted to potions?

	I think it’s too late to leave potions away.

	“Well then, I can assume that you’re messengers from the Kingdom of Lingle?”

	“Yes. We came to Mia Rak for a certain purpose… If you would, Usato-san.”

	Prompted by Ark-san, I took out the letter from my pocket and handed it to Norn-sama, even though it was awkward.

	She opened the letter and silently read the letter and sighed a little.

	“…Demon King”

	It might be impossible to get cooperation from them this time. It’s not like they want to refuse but they can’t afford to do anything with their problem right now.

	However, I handed over the letter because I wanted to convey that the threat of the Demon King was approaching.

	“A boy in white clothes visits… It’s as he said.”

	“……Eh?”

	“I’ll put this answer on hold.”

	On hold? So she’s not refusing?

	I expected her to refuse immediately, but what was the intention of putting it on hold?

	Looking beside me, Ark-san seems to be confused as well.

	“We are currently facing a crisis. It is no coincidence that you came at such a time. You have arrived, and I also hope you will come. I already knew that”

	“…!”

	“But I didn’t believe it. Now that he’s rampaging outside, no one can think of joining Mia Rak, because if he were, he would be frozen and breathless by this time.”

	In her words, it was as if they had expected us to come before we visited here.

	What’s more, it sounds like someone else was foreseeing this, not herself.

	“Still, you’ve come this far. That’s why I have to tell you who have come so far. The tragedy that suddenly attacked the man with the power of a dragon at the beginning of the disaster that occurred in this city. ——”

	Norn-sama, who made such words, continues after taking a breath.

	“The one who is rampaging outside is originally a knight of Mia Rak. His name is Karon… From the looks of it, you’ve already heard this story from her, right?”

	She? Oh, you mean from the maid?

	Coming up with that conclusion and nodding to Norn-sama’s words.

	“Since the rough explanation is over, let’s talk about him in detail first.”

	Hmm, she nodded and resumed the explanation.

	“Until recently, he was just a young man who didn’t have that kind of dragon-like power.”

	“So he was a normal person?”

	“That’s not the case. He’s not a normal person. That young man had a complicated circumstance.”

	Complicated circumstances?

	It’s an ambiguous way of saying…

	“He was a good knight. He was armed, thoughtful, and even had the potential to become a hero of the city. In fact, he and another candidate, the hero of honour. It became a fuss as to who would be the hero.”

	Was it Leo-san who was supposed to be the hero?

	But if he was such a powerful person, why did he run out of control?

	Tilting my head and wondering, Norn-sama continued the following words.

	“At that time, something went wrong with him——he held his head to endure something and was so confused that he injured a nearby knight.”

	“So that’s why he was in prison?”

	“Yes, it took me a long time to lock him in, which even a few people couldn’t hold back, but I managed to confine him to Mia Rak’s toughest cage, but that cage was after all… only to buy time.”

	Exactly two weeks ago — If he was supposed to be imprisoned for a month, Karon would have escaped from Mia Rak in half a month.

	“He escaped from prison and headed for the treasure trove as if he was drawn to something, where he picked up the treasure of Mia Rak–the hero who overthrew the Demon King. The strongest and flexible weapon in the world, with power and potential comparable to the hero’s sword.”

	“Equivalent to the hero’s weapon…!?”

	I unconsciously reach my hand to the hero’s sword that is attached to the waist.

	Nowadays, it has been used a lot, such as cutting fruits and sticking into the forehead of grudges, but I know who the original user of this is.

	The battle between the hero and the wicked dragon shown by the ghost of Samaria.

	The predecessor hero was strengthening himself by sticking a knife into his body. What’s more, by strengthening that principle, it showed a mysterious power that surpassed the power of the wicked dragon in its heyday.

	Does Karon have a weapon that exerts such ridiculous power?

	“Is that axe like that…”

	“That’s not an axe. When he’s using it, it’s shaped like an axe, but the original shape is just a stick. The maker said that —“This is a bow, a sword, It’s also a whip. It’s an ice “cane” that transforms into the optimal shape of the bearer.”

	“So a cane, not an axe”

	The current shape of the axe is that it is the most suitable shape of armour for Karon now.

	That power is convincing. Rather than a half-baked sword or spear, the blow of an axe trying to smash it with force cooled my liver.

	“It’s great that he handles weapons that can only be handled by the bearer of his choice, but I can’t be happy if he’s in that state. On the contrary, he’s out of control.”

	“So did he freeze the water around Mia Rak?”

	Norn-sama nods to Ark-san’s question.

	It freezes that much water. I’m glad I didn’t get hit by it when Leo was fighting. It wouldn’t have been unscathed if I received something of that scale head-on.

	……No, maybe it was an attack like a snowstorm that was unleashed after Karon’s body transformed? So maybe it must not have been powerful enough to freeze the lake.

	“It was he himself who froze the area around the city, but that was just the result of the overflow of power he had left over. It shouldn’t be that powerful during a normal runaway. Yeah… unless his power is released to the next stage.”

	“……That……”

	“Well, we can afford half a month for “him “, so it’s still okay.”

	We look at Norn, who smiles as if to be relieved.

	Maybe when fighting with me — it can be seen that his horns and tail were released to the next stage. The power of the blizzard wasn’t enough to freeze the surrounding water, because he had only thrown a lot of icicles at us before that.

	……But it’s really hard to say.

	It’s probably bad if I say that Karon has already awakened to the next stage to her who was so sick before I cast healing magic.

	“Usato, say it”

	“Usato, tell her”

	“Usato-dono, if you would please.”

	It’s painful because my friends throw the whole responsibility to me.

	Ark-san knows that I should report when I fight, but Neah and Amako seem to be annoyed just by thinking about it.

	“Norn-sama”

	“Yes? What is wrong Usato, showing such a mysterious face.”

	“It maybe that Karon has already awakened. Now he has horns on his head and a dragon’s tail on his hips. So… it’s a pretty bad situation.”

	“……Eh?”

	Norn-sama, who had settled tightly, her voice trembled.

	“He- He has already awakened?”

	“Yes”

	When I nodded, she held her head.

	“Calm down, calm down Norn-sama. It’s okay. He shouldn’t be untouched yet. If I can manage him by then, I’ll still be able to recover…”

	Norn-sama, who started muttering something, felt a strange melancholy.

	However, not only her but we are worried too. Whether we are in this country or not, we cannot avoid a conflict with Karon.

	When that happens, can I stand up against him who has awakened to the next level?

	In addition, he has a weapon comparable to the weapon of the hero.

	For the time being, I also have a hero’s weapon, but it is meaningless because the bearer of this is not me in the first place.

	No, there are many unclear points in Norn-sama’s story.

	Where does Karon’s power come from in the first place? His magic is beyond the scope of being supplemented by one person’s magical power anymore. The magical power that caused a snowstorm and froze all the surrounding water was out of the standard I know — it was more powerful than senpai and Kazuki.

	[— Knight Leona, I’m late, but I’m back from the battlefield!]

	“……Hmm?”

	A familiar voice echoed from the door of the hall.

	Norn-sama, who heard the voice, raised her face and smiled as if she was welcoming a person outside the door.

	“Enter”

	“Yes”

	The door opened quietly and I was a little confused when I saw the person who came in.

	I thought it was Leo from the voice, but it was a woman who betrayed my expectations and came in.

	A woman with beautiful blonde hair that stretches to the waist and tied together, and eyes that are sharp like a hawk.

	The woman who came into the hall wearing light armor and a long skirt walked up to us when she bowed politely and naturally.

	“Huh…”

	“?”

	She smiled and tapped my shoulder, then walked up to the throne where Norn-sama was sitting and bent her knees.

	Suddenly, I was hit on the shoulder and I tilted my head out of surprise.

	What’s this, she’s a very friendly person. It was as easy as greeting a friend.

	Is that normal in this city?

	“I’m glad you came back safely.”

	“Your words are unworthy for me.”

	“You are the only knight who can take on Karon. Now, if you lose you, no one can fight him. So good job on returning. Knight Leona.”

	So that’s Leona-san?

	The fact that she was dealing with Karon means she’s a fairly strong knight.

	……Hmm wait a minute? Just a while ago, the only person fighting Karon-san was me and Leo-san. If she was there, I would’ve spotted her, but was this person also fighting?

	“He has achieved the awakening of power.”

	“I heard from Usato. How strong is Karon in your eyes?”

	“It seems that his violence has increased and the strength has increased accordingly… I’m sorry, I was instantly defeated immediately after the awakening, so my information only goes as far as my analysis…”

	“A knight like you in an instant… this is bad.”

	Norn-sama who listened to Leona-san’s report looked up.

	Leona-san, who raised her face with her knees bent, glanced at me for a moment.

	“To be honest, I was defending myself even when trying to defeat Karon before he awakened.”

	“Is he that strong?”

	“Yes, and I can live and stand here because of him here — Usato.”

	Hmm?

