What’s up with the reaction? Do they think I’m a thug or something?

“Then again, to get Nack into that kind of shape with such limited time, there wasn’t any other way, right?” asked Kazuki. “Right, Usato?”

“Uh . . . yep. I just did things my way. With running and magic bullets . . .”

“My way. I guess that’s one way of putting it,” muttered Amako.

Quiet, fox-kin!

Kazuki was smiling, so I smiled back while I got my revenge on Amako by shaking her with my arm.

Atonement through dizziness!

While I was meting out this punishment, however, I felt senpai’s gaze digging into me.

“You two seem awfully close,” she said.

“Huh? Well, we’ve traveled together a lot, and . . . what’s with the stare?”

I had a feeling that things were about to get bothersome.

“Oh, I see. Together, huh?”

Senpai suddenly turned toward us, her fingers interwoven and her expression all flirty.

“Way to make a girl . . . jealous,” she said.

The adorable words were a perfect match for one as beautiful as senpai. Back in our old world, that gaze would have caused anyone to faint—boys and girls alike. I wouldn’t have been any different . . . that is, if it was senpai from our old world.

“Oh, is that so?” I said. “Hey, Kazuki, what did you get up to while Nack and I were training?”

“Hey!” uttered senpai.

You can try all the cutest gestures in the world, but unfortunately, I know who you really are, and that will never change.

“Well, I was practicing a lot to make my magic bullets easier to control,” Kazuki explained. “You remember the magic I did at the demonstration? The biggest problem right now is how much I have to concentrate to use them.”

“Man, I wish I could fire off magic like that,” I replied. “But you know, maybe if you look and think about it from a different point of view, you’ll find a surprising answer to your problem?”

Kazuki and I were chatting and walking when I felt someone grab ahold of my shoulder.

“Excuse me!”

What is it this time?

“What kind of a reaction was that?!” demanded senpai. “Have you no heart?”

“How rude,” I said. “I’ll have you know that when it’s not a calculated move, I’m head over heels. Instantaneous love, even.”

“I’ll tell you what’s rude! Brushing me off with a simple ‘Oh, is that so?’ I am a beautiful young woman! You’re supposed to swoon, get embarrassed, that kind of thing!”

“Perhaps you should consider that it is you who is in the wrong for having that mindset,” I quipped.

That said, however you look at it, she really is a beautiful young woman. But I’m not so stupid that I’ll fall into such an obvious trap. Besides, seeing her all vexed and frustrated like that is just so adorab—wait. I’m not going to go there. I think putting on the Rose act for so long has brought out the sadist in me.

I took a deep breath and broke free of senpai’s clinging grasp.

“Okay, okay,” I said. “You’re cute. You’re so cute. I think my heart stopped. That’s what you wanted, right? Cool, let’s go.”

Senpai groaned and her cheeks flushed red.

“Ugh, the humiliation . . .” she muttered. “It’s like you’re even more of a sadist than you used to be.”

She walked on and I followed her. Kazuki laughed as he watched the back-and-forth between us.

“You two get along like a house on fire. Just watching you two puts me at ease.”

I didn’t try to deny it.

“Yeah, and being together puts me at ease too.”

Usually, they called me twisted, so at times like this, I wanted to be honest.

But damn, now my face is all hot. I really have to stop speaking out of character like this.

I covered my head with my hands so that Amako couldn’t see me.

“What’s wrong, Usato?” she asked. “Are you sprouting horns or something?”

“Not another word out of you,” I said.

Just what kind of a monster did this girl think I was? She knew as well as I did that humans didn’t grow horns.





* * *





There was a huge number of students gathered at the practice grounds. In the center of the grounds, two students were already in the midst of a match while everyone watched on around them.

One of them let loose a battle cry.

In reply, the opponent shouted, “This time, victory is mine!”

I let Amako back down to her feet and watched the match while we looked for a place to sit.

“Wow. It’s just like I thought it would be . . .” muttered Senpai.

The two students were equipped with wooden swords. The swords flew through the air along with shouts and magic spells. Senpai looked on with great interest, then turned to me as if something had just sprung to mind.

“So this is what a fight between mages looks like,” she said. “It’s different from when you and Halpha fought.”

“Well, there aren’t many mages who rely on physical abilities the way I do. I think the match we’re watching is what it’s supposed to look like, no?” I said.

Halpha used martial arts and his magic sight to predict his opponent’s movements. Then there was me—a healer who relied on his physical strength to brawl to the death. It was a bad idea to judge us as the standard for mages.

“Seems there are a number of ways to blend magic and weapons for battle,” said Kazuki. “But there’s nobody out there ready to go at it empty-handed like you.”

I laughed.

“Well, I mean, I’ve just never needed a weapon, you know?”

And now that I had a new technique—my own healing bullets—I had no need for swords and the like. With my modern-day sensibilities, and the way I felt when I tried fighting that snake with a wooden spear . . . I just knew that weapons weren’t my thing.

We walked on, avoiding the curious eyes of nearby students, and looked for a place to sit.

“Why hello,” said Halpha, who happened to spot us. “You’re all together today.”

He approached us with an easy smile.

“Hey, Halpha.”

I’d seen him around a few times while I was training Nack, but this was the first time I think I’d talked to him since we started.

“You know, I love events like this one, so I came to watch,” said Halpha. “Actually, I’d love to have competed myself, but when I finally found an opponent, he withdrew from the match.”

Halpha laughed. It seemed clear to me that he dropped out because Halpha had a tendency to go right for a person’s weak points. When we’d sparred a while back, he had me in a few tight spots too.

“Oh, I, uh . . . I see.”

“This looks like a good spot to watch,” said senpai, “but oddly enough, it seems completely devoid of any students.”

She was right. There was nobody else around.

“Oh, we can thank Usato for that,” said Halpha. “It’s his presence.”

I got the sneaking suspicion that he was implying the surrounding students had run away because I’d arrived.

But that can’t be right, can it? If anything, they’re all afraid of Halpha, right? Him and his bloodthirsty fighting style. That has to be it.

I looked around, and yet again, the students looked away from me and kept their distance.

“Yeah, I don’t know if you’re right, Halpha,” I uttered.

Halpha laughed.

“Looks like we’re two of a kind, Usato.”

There was something creepy in Halpha’s tone of voice.

“That doesn’t feel like a compliment,” I said.

Halpha chuckled. His head was facing down slightly so that his eyes were hidden by his bangs. He looked at some of the students watching us from afar—their faces immediately drained of color as they stepped backward.

“As an overseer, students tend to keep their distance from me,” Halpha explained. “That’s why I always try to keep smiling. Unfortunately, smiling’s not so easy.”

“Admittedly, I can relate to that,” I said.

I thought back to when I tried to calm Kiriha down with a smile and it only had the effect of scaring her even more. Even now, I still couldn’t work out why she’d reacted the way she did.

“It’s not that hard—it’s just that a smile without a heart scares people,” Amako muttered under her breath.

“What was that, Amako?” I asked.

With a squeal, she turned away.

“Who might that be, Usato?” asked Halpha suspiciously.

Amako quickly shuffled behind me to avoid his gaze.

“Hm? Oh, she’s just a member of our traveling party,” I replied.

“Her magic is similar to my own, and yet . . . different. I see white magic gathering around her eyes. Is it perhaps a more advanced type of magic sight? Actually, I remember seeing her at Nack’s training. Who is she?”

“Um . . .”

“Oh, if you’d rather not say, that’s fine,” said Halpha. “I know the hardships of having this kind of magic.”

I was glad Halpha could read the room. Amako’s prescience was unique to beastkin, which meant her cover could be blown in an instant if someone knew about her sort of magic.

All the same, I was once again impressed by Halpha’s magic sight. One look at Amako and he’d gotten a pretty good bead on her magical abilities.

“Oh, on a different note, Kiriha asked me to pass a message to you if I saw you,” said Halpha.

“A message?”

“She said it would look bad for you to be watching with a beastkin, so she and Kyo will be cheering for Nack from elsewhere.”

“Oh, she didn’t need to worry about anything like that. But thanks for letting us know, Halpha.”

“Think nothing of it. I was happy to even have a message to pass on—she usually does everything she can to avoid relying on the help of humans. Perhaps she’s had a change of heart recently,” said Halpha, smiling at me.

So Kiriha and Kyo were watching from somewhere else. Unlike Amako, even with their hoods on, they couldn’t hide from their own classmates. I was a bit sad that we couldn’t watch the match together, but I guess there was no other choice.

When was Nack’s match going to start? I guessed it had to be soon because I hadn’t heard of too many people competing at this particular event. With the current match coming to an end, I took a look around at the practice grounds and spotted Nack and Mina lined up at the entrance near the school buildings.

“Oh, there he is,” I said.

“It’s Nack-kun,” said senpai, her eyes lighting up. “And it’s that Mina girl too.”

I’d been worried that Nack would be shaken by the mere sight of Mina and it would affect his movement in their match. But based on what I saw now, it looked like my fears had been misplaced. Mina was openly talking to Nack with an arrogant look on her face. Nack wasn’t fazed in the slightest. Instead, he stared straight ahead at the field upon which they’d be fighting.

It seemed like after all our training, one side effect was the emergence of this gutsier side of Nack, which I figured was good. A part of me still thought maybe I went too hard on him, but if the results were solid, then it was fine.

“Now all that’s left is to defeat her,” I said.

A bell sounded to mark the end of the current match. Cheers rang out as the two students left the practice grounds and were replaced with Nack and . . .

“Hm? Mina’s carrying a shield,” I muttered.

I hadn’t noticed it until she was standing in the middle of the practice grounds, but she had a big silver-white shield on one of her arms. It was so big, in fact, that she could probably hide her whole body behind it if she had to.

“I figured she was going to bring a weapon of some sort with her, but I never imagined a shield,” I said.

I could tell by the smug look on her face that she felt safe with some defensive equipment at the ready. But, if she underestimated Nack, then she was in for a rude awakening. Healing magic wasn’t just about healing people, and Mina was about to learn the true meaning of that firsthand.

Nack didn’t have the ability to heal other people, so I’d never had the chance to teach him the Healing Punch. If Mina slipped up, his punches were going to hurt enough to even injure her.

But that’s why I’m here. So don’t hold back, Nack. None of those people who laughed at your magic will ever make fun of you now. Not after you show them the results of your five grueling days of training.





* * *





“Someone’s gotten an attitude,” said Mina.

She stared at me from the middle of the practice grounds. Our match was just about to begin.

I’d watched the match between two seniors that was before ours. At the end of their hard-fought battle, they shook hands and praised one another.

That had been my dream—to fight against someone using ordinary magic. But that dream was never going to come true. Nonetheless, I was standing here now with my anything-but-ordinary healing magic.

In the stands, I spotted a blindingly white coat amongst all the students—Usato.

“However hard you’ve trained, nothing has changed,” said Mina. “You were still abandoned by your dad, you were separated from your beloved little sister, and the difference between our magic is like heaven and earth.”

Yes, I had a sister.

My worthless parents kept me and my sister separated. I was certain of that even now. She lived a happy life surrounded by their smiles. But I wasn’t jealous. Until the very end, I thought of her as my only family.

I wondered what my parents had told her. It was probably whatever was most convenient—something along the lines of me doing my best, all on my own, somewhere far away. She might have no idea why it was so important to them that they hide my existence from the world, but it didn’t matter anymore.

“Mina,” I said.

“Oh, so finally you decide to respond. Fine, say what you will.”

“I don’t care anymore. Not about the nobility, or going back to them, or about revenge against you.”

“So even though this place is still your only chance to try again, you’re saying you’ll throw away your title?”

“Don’t talk nonsense. You said it yourself: my dad abandoned me. The moment I was brought here, to this school, my family and I became strangers.”

“So tell me then, why stand here before me? You know how painful my magic gets. And let me tell you, until now, I’ve been holding back. But you’re not that stupid. You already knew that, didn’t you?”

That I did. Sure, Mina hurt people for her own pleasure, but she’d never turned her burst magic on me for real. Until now, what she’d cast on me simply tested the limits of human pain.

“Actually, I never needed to fight you. But I was shown a path, and if I want to walk it, I can’t do it as the person I am now. I’ve seen the shape of the man I respect and look up to, and I now know that I wish to stand at his level. You might think I’m crazy, Mina, but I’m far from it. I just found something so valuable that I’m ready to risk my life for it.”

It was something I didn’t have before I met Usato. All I’d ever done was live my days in desperation, ruled by the fear that I might be driven out of this place. My days had been empty and without a future. Then Usato showed me a path . . . He showed me hope.

And no matter how much I get chewed out, or how grueling the training gets, for that I will always be grateful. One day, I want to be a strong healer, just like Usato. I want to grow to the point that I can stand alongside him in the ranks of the Rescue Team.

“Are you talking about that ogre wearing the skin of a healer? You can’t be serious. You want to be the same as him? It makes me so sad seeing a noble who longs to be a different species of creature entirely.”

“Yeah, he’s probably as strong as an ogre, that’s for sure. But it doesn’t matter how strong you are if you’re a worthless human being. Wielding that kind of strength is just violence. Just like your burst magic.”

“Oh really!”

Mina’s eyes glowered, but it didn’t matter—that kind of rage wasn’t going to faze me after what I’d been through these last three days.

“I’m going to beat you and say goodbye to the person I used to be,” I said. “And then I’ll free myself from the cage that this place has become.”

I had decided that when this match was over, and all my preparations were complete, I’d leave Luqvist for Llinger Kingdom. I didn’t have any reason to stay, and it wasn’t like I had any friends here. That said, even though I didn’t know if we were friends or not, it really hurt me to think about parting with Kiriha and her brother. And it hurt to think that I’d been unable to repay them for their kindness—they’d (somewhat awkwardly) taken me in, a human they had every reason to hate.

“You’re going to free yourself? Without my permission? Funny joke, Nack. I was going to push you around a bit and call it a day, but I’ve changed my mind. Lucky for me, your dad told me I can do whatever I want.”

Mina pointed her finger at me.

She continued, “I will hurt you until you cry and beg for mercy. When you are no better than a trampled and worn-out dishrag, I’ll keep you as my slave for the rest of your life. Quite the honor, wouldn’t you say?”

“Could you be any more selfish? Then again, I guess you always were . . .” I muttered.

If talking were an option, we wouldn’t have been standing here facing off against one another. But I wasn’t going to give up the rest of my life to slave for someone else. Wiling away the rest of my days in this place was an even worse fate.

I took a deep breath and focused. In response, Mina readied her giant silver shield and began to pour magic into her hand.

“I’m not afraid of you anymore,” I said.

“So you say now, my adorable little dishrag.”

There was nothing more to say. It was time for me to show Usato everything I’d gained over the last five days.





* * *





“Burn!”

Mina unleashed her magic and I took off running. A scarlet ball flew from her palm: burst magic. It was a rare type among those with fire magic affinities. It was unique in that it exploded in an instant, searing the air and its target while also sending them flying.

Burst magic was a horrible matchup for me as a healer with no offensive abilities outside of hand-to-hand combat.

Then there was Mina’s shield. That was going to be a problem. At a guess, I assumed it wasn’t to protect against my attacks but rather to protect her from her own burst magic. It was a smart way to make up for the one weakness of her magic type. It was equally as dangerous to the caster as the target.

Those thoughts flashed through my mind as I kicked off the ground and jumped to the side. A few instants later, Mina’s fireball landed where I’d been standing and erupted into a small-scale explosion. I checked the size of the blast, then turned to Mina, who stared at me in shock.

“Nack . . .” she seethed.

“I haven’t just been playing around for the last week! You better give it everything!” I shouted.

“You will regret belittling me!” she seethed.

Mina unleashed another fireball.

She hadn’t been lying earlier. The fireball she cast was considerably bigger than any other she’d ever thrown at me. But it was way too slow. The magic bullets Usato threw moved at least twice as fast.

“You’re too slow!” I shouted.

I ran from corner to corner of the practice grounds, twisting my body and dodging the fireballs that Mina threw at me. I stood still and ducked under one. At the same time, I picked up a stone at my feet. Then I threw that stone at the next fireball Mina chucked, which was aimed at my legs.

The fireball collided with the stone and exploded before it hit its intended target. I leaped backward in time to avoid the blast.

“Your training wasn’t for nothing, Usato!” I cried.

I could feel the power in me as I wiped away the dust and dirt. I was filled with gratitude. I had always thought that healing magic was useless, and I never thought I could use it for others, so nothing made me happier than knowing it had become a source of power.

But even while I was trembling with gratitude, Mina was still throwing fireballs. Her vision was hampered by the dust and smoke, but Mina was still intent on pitching fireballs in all directions. My words must have really hit a nerve.

But I realized that this was my chance.

If Mina was firing haphazardly, it meant that she didn’t know where I was. On the other hand, because she was still casting her magic, I knew exactly where she was.

“Let’s do it!”

If one of those fireballs hit me directly, it was all over. I’d be knocked out because I still lacked physical durability. But if I didn’t try to get close to Mina, I’d never be able to take her down.

There was no choice but to go. I put my right palm on the ground and sent power into my legs.

“Here I come!” I shouted.

I spotted Mina through the smoke and ran at her with everything I had. Running into her fireballs was suicide, but right now, she was firing too wildly. I kept my eyes on her even as the shock waves from nearby fireballs rocked me. Then I leaped into the air with a battle cry. I soared higher than my own height and burst through the dust cloud.

“Huh?” uttered Mina.

“Take this!”

“Wha?! You’re . . . flying?!”

The momentum carried me. I flew toward Mina and launched a kick right at the dumb, idiotic look on her face. Mina lifted up her shield desperately and hid behind my kick, but . . .

“You think that hunk of metal is going to stop me?!”

“No way!” uttered Mina.

She screamed as I spun into my kick, sending both her and her shield flying. I watched her slam into the ground as I landed. Then I wiped the dust from my clothes.

“I won’t back down anymore, Mina Lycia!” I shouted, pointing at her as she struggled to get back to her feet. “We’re going to put an end to things, right here, right now!”

This is my power.





This is the power of the healers you and your cronies made fun of!

She must have cut herself when she hit the ground because I saw blood dripping from the corner of Mina’s mouth. Her shield seemed to have saved her from anything worse than that though. Still, in the center of her shield was a clean dent and a small fracture stretching along it.

Mina stood to her feet. A smile rose to her face that was more aggressive and bloodthirsty than any I’d ever seen.

“Ha! You asked for it!” she said. “Now you’re really going to regret making me go all out!”

She leaned against her shield to help her stay on her feet and wiped the blood from her mouth. She glared at me through bloodshot eyes. They were fearsome, filled with a mix of murder and rage, but I didn’t flinch away.

Now I would face off against a Mina I had never known.





* * *





“He’s really gotten stronger,” said senpai admiringly, watching the fight.

I looked around and saw that all the teacher-like people in the crowd were utterly dumbfounded. Their jaws were agape. This, of course, was only natural. It was because I’d re-created Rose’s grueling training regimen.

Seeing my own disciple’s growth in front of my eyes filled me with pride.

“Nack has gotten stronger because he trained hard,” I said. “But his true strength was in his ability to see the training through.”

I’d put him through something so grueling that even my heart hurt. Nonetheless, Nack made it through to the end of it.

“This is amazing for only five days of training,” said Kazuki, crossing his arms as he watched Nack dodging Mina’s attacks and zipping across the grounds. “Looks to me like if Mina takes another kick like that, she’ll be down for the count.”

“He really should have finished it with that blow,” I said.

Kazuki turned to me in surprise.

“Huh? Why?” he asked.

I kept my eyes on the match between Nack and Mina as I explained my own analysis of the fight so far.

“Mina has faster reactions than I expected, and Nack only has power in his legs. He doesn’t have punching power the way I do. So that kick we saw? You can think of that as the best that Nack’s got.”

That shield, too, was stronger than I thought. It also looked heavy, which meant there was a chance that Mina was physically stronger than Nack. It was unfortunate that Nack hadn’t been able to destroy it with his kick. Mina was no idiot. She wouldn’t let the same thing happen again.

“That, and Nack’s got practically zero durability. One good hit and it’ll be him down for the count. And it’s not like I can just go punching him to toughen him up, you know?”

“That’s because if you hit poor Nack-kun, you’d kill him!” said senpai.

I laughed it off, but . . . I did hit him with one or two light counters the day before. I was sure to keep the hits healed, so we were all good there. Besides, Nack got up without issue anyway.

But if the others found out what I’d done, I just knew they’d be appalled, so . . . while I acted like everything was fine, I was kind of freaking out on the inside.

“Lying is bad, Usato,” said Amako. “Very bad. You should admit to everything and accept your fate.”

This little fox, I swear . . .

Out of sight of senpai and Kazuki, I readied my finger for another flick and watched as Amako covered her forehead, her face going pale. Then she pulled at my coat to hide her face.

Stop that. You’ll stretch it!

“Anyway,” I said. “Mina and Nack are both the same in that way—one clean hit is all it will take to decide the match. But Mina reacted in time to Nack’s attack. She’s more than just a bully.”

“Among the kids her age, she’s definitely at the top of the class,” said Halpha. “She’s a little overconfident, but as a mage, she leans on the tried and true. She’ll put her shield and burst magic to good use. It’s a rather bad matchup for Nack.”

I looked out at Mina casting her spells, attacking with her burst magic, and defending with her shield. If Nack could break that shield, he’d turn the tide of battle in his favor. But there weren’t many ways for him to do it.

“Nack’s strategy is based entirely on evasion. He’s at a disadvantage in some ways, but not in all of them. Over the last three days of training, he got the kind of training that would prepare him for a mage firing multiple projectiles.”

And through that evasion, he could find an opening and exploit it with a physical attack.

Nack had developed evasive movements for medium-distance and long-range attacks thanks to my healing bullets. I’d taken Rose’s “Punching Bag Training” and modified it to create my own “Shooting Range Training.” Thanks to that, ordinary projectiles weren’t going to bother him.

Well, the projectiles themselves weren’t going to bother him, but there was no way for him to avoid the shock wave damage from nearby explosions.

“Don’t be careless, Nack,” I whispered. “You might have gotten stronger, but you’re still weak. One hit could put you in a bad spot.”

He could heal a wound with his healing magic, but that didn’t mean it wouldn’t still hurt like hell.

Even the smallest miss could still prove fatal.





* * *





“Is running all you’re good at?!” Mina shouted.

I never stopped moving as the fiery fireballs exploded around me. I looked for a chance to counter. Ever since I landed my surprise attack through the smokescreen of dust, Mina had changed up the density of her fireball attack. She had given up the wide area attack in favor of focusing on a smaller area, making it harder for me to get inside.

Not only that, but the fireballs that landed close showered me in an explosion of sand and rocks. So even though my legs threatened to give up on me, I never stopped moving.

“I can’t dodge everything,” I grunted as another shock wave sent rocks hurtling into my body.

The damage wasn’t enough to injure me, but the pain ate away at me mentally.

“I wish I could just fire off spells like an idiot!” I said.

“It’s called natural-born talent! It’s because I’m a prodigy!”

I guess I should have expected a comment like that from a princess who was easily top of her class. Mina was brimming with confidence. In her mind, she hadn’t even entertained the thought of losing. She was a genius. From the day she was born, she was expected to stand head and shoulders above those around her.

Me, I was a deadbeat, abandoned by my own family.

But that didn’t mean I was all out of options.

“I will . . . keep going!”

I had built up these legs through training, and I was going to run, and keep running, until Mina was entirely out of magic.

I dodged more fireballs and attempted to get closer.

“If I can just get . . . to close quarters . . .”

Because Mina’s magic was so explosive, if I got close enough to her, she’d be unable to use it for fear of hurting herself. That was exactly the weak point I was aiming for. If I could land just one strike—one good kick—taking the dainty Mina out of the fight would be all too easy.

I waited for her to hide behind her shield, then leaped to the right, where she was defenseless. I knew that she blocked her own line of sight when she hid behind her shield, and that was where the match would be decided.

“Now!” I cried, throwing a kick.

But all I heard in response was a giggle.

In the next instant, I saw her grinning from behind the hand that held her shield. But she wasn’t just grinning. She had a firm line of sight on what I was doing.

I felt a chill run through me like nothing I’d ever known. Although I tried to stop my kick, the very moment that I took my focus off of Mina, I felt a huge shock run through my head with a crash. For a moment, my vision went black and I felt like I would collapse, but I gritted my teeth and stood my ground.

What the heck was that?!

I held my aching head in my hands and looked at Mina only to find a wall of silver rushing toward me with incredible force. I let out a shout of surprise, but my body refused to listen to the commands of my brain. Then Mina’s shield sent me flying through the air and crashing to the ground.

“Oh, you really are stupid, aren’t you?” she snarled.

Mina’s face was filled with a smile. She held her shield up and looked down at me writhing on the ground.

Did she swing her shield to attack me right as I was throwing my kick? That’s exactly what she did . . . Then she must have plowed into me with it after that.

“For me, shields aren’t just a means of defending myself,” Mina explained. “That trick usually only works the first time, but it still makes for a great response to sneak attacks.”

Mina hefted the shield back onto her arm with one easy movement. I must have been cut because blood dripped from between my eyebrows. I tried to use my healing magic, but my vision was still wobbly from the hits and I couldn’t concentrate. When I couldn’t concentrate, my magic efficiency dropped considerably, and easy-to-heal wounds suddenly weren’t so easy to heal.

I rose to my knees and glared at Mina.

“You think you can beat me just because you’ve got a quick set of legs and a good set of eyes?” said Mina. “Think again. A good mage fights with an understanding of their magical affinity. They think about how they match up with their opponent. I am a bad matchup for you, Nack. Why did you ever think you could beat me? You have to know that there are battles you can win and battles that you can’t.”

Battles you can win.

Battles that you can’t.

Are you saying that I’ll never beat you?!

You expect me to believe that?!

“But you do deserve some praise,” said Mina. “You came a long way in a week, and you shocked me. Honestly, you did. So how about you just admit defeat right here and now and I’ll make an exception and forgive you? You don’t want to suffer any more than you already have, do you?”

I was shocked. Mina actually praised me. And . . . the words felt so incredibly sweet to my ears. If I gave up, maybe I’d be released. I thought . . . maybe then things will be better than when I was being bullied.

But my answer remained the same.

“No. Never.”

Things will be better?

That was a pipe dream. It was true that Mina’s compliment had given me something like a sense of achievement. She had looked down on me all this time, after all. But that was all it was. The power balance of our relationship would never change, and the days of being stuck under her thumb wouldn’t either.

She was on top, and I was on the bottom—it was a relationship that could not be overthrown.

“I’m not going to give up,” I said. “Not when I came out here to send you flying.”

“Nobody’s going to blame you for giving up now.”

“Yeah, that’s true . . .”

Usato, Kiriha, and Kyo were all good, kind people. They’d respect my decision.

But I wouldn’t.

I wouldn’t forgive myself for giving up, and for taking the easy way out, and for this half-assed life of mine.

“If I give up here, maybe things really will get a little better than before,” I said. “But if I give up right now, I will be a loser for the rest of my life. And more than that . . . I’ll be throwing away everything I did with Usato over the last five days. And I will not allow that!”

“Is it really that important to you? It was just a week,” Mina asked.

“Yeah, it was just a week! But I’ll never be more grateful for what I got in those few days. I suffered and it hurt and I wanted to run away, but even then, I was happy!”

I didn’t want to expect anything from anyone, and I didn’t want anyone to expect anything from me. My parents abandoned me. I stopped being able to trust people. But the people around me helped me and trained me to the point that I could stand toe to toe with Mina here in this practice ground. They believed in me, in my victory, and that was more than enough reason for me to stand my ground and not give up.

“Ever since the day I woke to my healing magic, I lived a life in the depths of despair, but I learned to trust, and I learned to believe again!” I yelled. “So I will never give up! Not to the likes of you!”

“Ha! Big talk,” replied Mina. “Has all the blood drained from your skull? Is that why you can say that? Look at yourself. Think about the situation you’re in. How about then you think about what to say?”

“Don’t forget, Mina. I’m a healer,” I said, standing to my feet. “And this? This is nothing to me!”

My wounds were healed. All our talking provided the time I needed to fix myself. I wiped the blood from my forehead and flicked it to the ground.

I can still fight.

Mina looked at me with pity in her eyes.

“Fine. You leave me no choice. Let’s do this,” she said.

Mina’s eyes flashed wide as she held her palm out toward me. In an instant, I leaped away from where I’d been standing. I would not eat the same attacks again.

“I will admit that you have gotten stronger,” said Mina. “Stronger than I could have imagined. Your five days of training were not in vain.”

Something’s different about her.

Until now, she’d been letting her magic loose as if she were at the whim of her emotions. But now she was shockingly quiet as she channeled her magical power.

“I will change my strategy,” said Mina.

“Huh?”

“I thought that if I cornered you, I could hit you and we’d be done. But that won’t work on the person you’ve become. So like I said—a change in tactics.”

Mina then stabbed her shield into the ground and created a new type of fireball. But this was not like the single fireballs she’d cast until now—instead, there were five small fireballs floating above the palm of her hand. I knew exactly what kind of attack was coming next, and I was covered in a cold sweat.

“I may not be capable of the monstrous feats of those heroes, but I am capable of this much. Even if I can’t get a good bead on you, as long as I focus on where you’re headed, I can unleash these fireballs in combination. No more running, Nack.”

Mina had ten fireballs floating across both of her hands. She looked at me with a bold, wicked grin, then held her hands out. At the same time, I leaped away from where I’d been standing.

“You can run, but you can’t escape!”

In the next instant, my body was assaulted by the successive shock waves of explosions around me.





* * *





Nack let out a cry of agony as the shock waves from Mina’s fireballs rocked him. He was still running, but Mina was firing wave after wave across a wide area, and Nack couldn’t avoid all of them.

“Usato! Will Nack be okay?!” asked Kazuki.

“Usato-kun . . .” murmured senpai.

“Mina’s burst magic is quite powerful, and by spreading it across a wider area, she’s restricting where Nack can run,” Halpha explained. “It doesn’t matter how fast he is—he’s at a clear disadvantage. It doesn’t look good . . .”

Halpha was exactly right. Nack’s situation seemed hopeless.

“Usato, is he alright?” asked Amako.

She was still holding on tight to my coat, looking out at Nack with the same worry in her eyes as Kazuki and senpai.

Is he alright? Not in the slightest. And widespread burst magic? That’s also not good. But so what? All that means is that there’s nowhere safe to go anymore. It doesn’t mean that Nack’s all out of options.

“What’s with that expression, Nack?” I muttered.

Gone was the brave face he’d worn earlier, replaced by terror as he ran. It was true that Mina was stronger than we’d all expected. And it was safe to call her a prodigy, too, given her sensitivity for magic and the magical power that allowed her to keep up her widespread burst magic attack.

But I had pointed Nack toward the Rescue Team. And when the Rescue Team was on the battlefield, there were no safe zones. There was nowhere to stop and take a break. It was a place where magic or blades could assault us at any moment, so the situation that Nack was in now? It was all in a day’s work.

Nack, what’s on your mind that’s got you so desperate and panicked under Mina’s fire? Are you just running? Are you looking for an opening? Are you waiting for her to tire?

It was all too obvious to me—ever since that one surprise attack Nack launched, he hadn’t shown a single shred of drive to take Mina down.

“Quit playing around, Nack!” I uttered.

I didn’t train you just to run away. I trained you to win.

“It’s not like me, I know, but maybe I should offer him a word or two of support,” I said.

No matter the circumstances, the Rescue Team did everything to accomplish its duty of saving people. I took a deep breath. Amako let go of my coat and covered her ears. Kazuki, senpai, and Halpha all looked on in surprise as I stood to my feet.

But I ignored them and readied myself.





* * *





The air was hot. Breathing it sent pain through my lungs.

But even then I refused to stop moving. The moment I stopped, I’d be hit directly with a burst magic attack, and I could say goodbye to consciousness. I couldn’t stop. Even Mina had to have a limit to her magical power.

I just had to bear it. And bear it, and bear it, and bear it, until I made it through and took victory.

“I must say this look suits you, Nack!” said Mina.

The ground at my feet exploded and I let out a cry of pain as rocks came flying at me. I turned away to protect the right side of my body, but the wave of heat that followed sent me rolling across the floor with a groan.

“It’s who you are, Nack,” she kept taunting.

Mina’s voice came to me in pieces. I couldn’t make it out clearly. But I knew one thing for sure: it was different from usual. I couldn’t hear any emotion in it.

“On and on,” she said. “It goes on and on and on with you. Always pathetic! Always pitiful! This is what’s wrong with you!”

But I couldn’t let myself stop. I used the momentum of my roll to bounce back to my feet and make room just as I was blasted by another wave of heat. I covered my face with my arms and leaped backward, then ran. I barely had time to heal, so I had to keep healing at a bare minimum while I focused on dodging and weaving.

“I am going to make it so that you will never get back up again. I am going to make it so that you never think of doing something as stupid as leaving this place! Never!” she shouted.

I wouldn’t let myself listen to her. I concentrated on the incoming fireballs, because if I didn’t, it was all over.

“I can still . . . hold on. I still . . . haven’t lost yet!” I grunted.

“All you can do is run! That you even think you can beat me is preposterous! Why don’t you understand?! Why do you simply accept it?! Why don’t you try to resist?! Why?!”

I couldn’t stand listening to her high-pitched shouts anymore.

“Shut up!” I shouted.

“Naaaaaaaaaaack!”

A voice boomed inside of my head.

The voice was so powerful it stopped me. It stopped Mina . . . Heck, it stopped everyone in the entire practice grounds. Every single one of us turned to see Usato standing with his arms crossed.

“Usato . . .” I whispered through a rasp.

I knew in a flash that he was mad, and I feared whatever it was he was going to say next. I stood there, dumbfounded, as he stared at me.

“You idiot!” he bellowed. “No more running away! Fight!”

It was at once both a criticism and an encouragement, and it got straight to the point.

Mina couldn’t work out what was going on. She glanced back and forth between Usato and me. But I knew there wasn’t any special meaning in his words. They meant exactly what they said, and they were exactly what I had to hear.

I laughed.

“You must be out of your mind,” I muttered.

No more running away.

I had been so intent on taking Mina down at the start, but now all I could think about was fleeing in fear. She was giving this her everything—all that she had—and I wasn’t giving her the same thing in return.

“I really am an idiot,” I muttered.

I talked a big game, and then all I did was run around in circles. If I really decided to go for it, then no injury should stop me. At the same time, I hated pain and I didn’t want to lose. I didn’t want to confront Mina head-on, so I ran.

I hadn’t changed at all—I was still awkward, embarrassing, and a nobody.

“But . . .” I said, slapping my cheeks.

My eyes were now open. I was not going to run away again.

“Thank you!” I shouted.

I had a feeling that nobody in the crowd understood what Usato said. Not really. To them, he probably looked like the worst teacher in the entire world—a guy asking the impossible of a student with his back completely up against the wall.

But they were wrong.

Usato really understood me.

“What a ridiculous thing to say given the state you’re in,” said Mina.

“I know. He’s the best, isn’t he? He took my cowardly butt and he put it right back on track.”

“I see . . . but don’t make the mistake of thinking you can beat me, okay?”

Mina cast ten more fireballs in the palms of her hands. She was ready to fire them as soon as she wanted. Just a few moments ago, I would have fled in terror, but not anymore.

I took a deep breath, then covered my body in healing magic. Until this point, I’d kept the magic at a bare minimum, but now I was putting everything into it.

“You’re going down,” I said.

“Don’t talk big if you can’t back it up.”

“Then enough talk. Let’s end this.”

I pressed my feet into the ground, then took off running. Not to dodge, and not to weave, but to take Mina down. It didn’t matter what kind of burst magic she threw at me; I was ready to face her. I crossed my arms in front of my face to protect myself, let loose a battle cry, and charged ahead.

Burst magic exploded around me, sending rocks and dirt flying into my body, but my legs never stopped. The pain was nothing compared to the bullying that I had been through.

I felt waves of heat wash over me. My whole body felt like it was on fire, but it was nothing compared to the feeling of loss that came when my parents abandoned me.

Suddenly, before I even knew it, tears were flooding from my eyes.

“Nack, you . . . ?!”

Mina clicked her lips as she let loose one last fireball aimed directly at me. She had made it in a panic, but it was still powerful enough to render me unconscious. Ordinarily, my best bet was to dodge it. But I was a healer. No matter what adversity, and no matter how bad the conditions, I was a mage that would overcome my problems with my body alone!

I will endure any pain!

I cocked my right fist back as I ran.

“That shield is going down!” I roared.

Then I threw my fist at the fireball.

“What?!” cried Mina.

I was suddenly engulfed in flames. Searing pain ran through my body. It felt like my throat was on fire as I breathed. It was so overwhelming I couldn’t even scream, but I wasn’t unconscious yet. I swiped the flames away with my hand and extinguished the burst magic.

In front of me was Mina, her eyes wide as she stood with her shield in front of her.

Finally, the time had come.

Finally, I was ready to face her.

And now that I was standing face to face with her, I knew . . . I was scared of her.

My legs felt like they would buckle at the next shiver, but I stamped down hard and kept moving. I couldn’t lift my legs to kick anymore. My right arm hurt so bad I couldn’t even move it. But I wasn’t all out of options yet.

Even without the techniques I rely on, I still have my body! These legs will still run!

With a raspy shout, I kicked off the ground and ran toward the girl in front of me.

“What are you going to do with a body so beaten up?! Stop this! Do you want to die?!” Mina shouted at me.

Anyone watching would have assumed there was nothing more I could do. But if it were Usato in my place, he would have found a way forward no matter the circumstances. That’s why I looked up to him.

And what I was doing now was my first huge step forward—a step toward becoming a member of the Rescue Team! I was going to slam into Mina, shield and all, with everything I had left!

“Geh?!” uttered Mina.

I slammed into the shield with enough force that I heard an awful sound come from my left shoulder where it hit, but I ignored it and kept pushing. Mina let out a cry of agony. I could hear how close she was. I shouted with all the emotion that ran through my body.

“I was scared of you! I never wanted to even look at you! Every time I saw you, I thought of the parents that used to love me! I used to remember the times when I was a noble!” I shouted.

Mina gasped, but I kept shouting, tears streaming down my face.

“But it ends here! Today! As of today! I am! The Rescue Team’s—”

It didn’t matter if I was only talking to myself. I still had to declare it—I still had to make it known that I was saying goodbye to the past that bound me—and to Mina too.

“—Healer!”

I pushed with everything I had at the crack running through a dent in Mina’s shield. Then, with a crack, the shield broke completely in two.

With nothing more blocking my way, I plowed straight into Mina with all the strength that I had left.





* * *





My first impression was that he was very gloomy for a noble kid.

His looks were nothing to write home about, and he didn’t speak clearly.

He was good for nothing, and I played with him.

His name was Nack.

He was the son of nobles with whom my parents were friends.

He didn’t like playing outside, but I took him out anyway. It happened the same way every time. But it wasn’t all that much fun. We had to stay on the manor grounds, and we couldn’t go very far. Still, being together with Nack wasn’t boring either.

When I thought about it now, playing with him might have been very important to me. Really valuable. I was the daughter of nobility, and there were so many freedoms that were kept from me in my everyday life. Nack mattered because he was the same. He was the son of nobility.

But when I turned nine, Nack vanished.

“There’s no need for you to see him anymore,” his mother told me.

“Why don’t you play with our daughter instead?” said his father.

“They won’t let me see my brother anymore,” said Nack’s sister with a sad look on her face.

I asked Nack’s parents why he was gone, but they just looked disappointed. They didn’t tell me anything.

After that, playing outside, which wasn’t much fun to begin with, got so boring I thought I would die. Something important was missing, and the color drained from my life.





One year later, I went to Nack’s manor with my parents. I happened to overhear a conversation amongst the Agares’s family servants. They said that Nack had left to go to the Wizardry City of Luqvist. They said he’d enrolled in the school there. Hearing that made me very happy for a very simple reason.

If I go to Luqvist, I can see Nack.

I already knew about Luqvist. It was a school where kids gathered from all across the lands to learn magic. I figured that had to be the reason that I hadn’t seen Nack in a whole year—he’d been studying to make sure he could get in.

That night, I told my parents that I wanted to go to the Luqvist School of Magic. They were both worried about me, but I managed to convince them.

When I got to Luqvist, the first thing I did was look for Nack.

And I found him, but . . .

He was a completely different person from the boy I remembered. He’d always been gloomy, but his eyes were glazed over with a blank stare. He was walking, hunched over between joyous new students with his shoulders slumped.

“Nack!” I called out, grabbing his hand.

I asked him why he looked so down and out of it. I told him that he had guts moving to Luqvist without telling me a thing. Yeah, I probably sounded spiteful, but I wanted to hear his timid, nervous voice. It had been so long.

But instead, he shrieked.

Then I squealed.

Then he slapped my hand away, his face warping with fear and terror. Before I knew it, he’d run away and disappeared. All I could do was just stand there in shock, looking down at my hand, which was pulsing with pain. I was hit in the face by a sharp sense of loss.

I sent a letter to my father after that, and then I finally understood everything. Nack had found out that his magical affinity was for healing magic. His parents didn’t want the news getting out, so for a while, they locked him in his room. After that, they drove him out by enrolling him at Luqvist.

I was in shock. I didn’t care that Nack had healing magic, but I couldn’t stand that he’d refused to acknowledge me entirely. Still, I tried to find him and work out some way to cheer him up, but it never went very well. He would flinch away from me. He wouldn’t look me in the eyes. The moment he saw me, he’d run away.

One day, my frustrations turned to anger because things weren’t going the way I wanted. My anger turned into a need to inflict pain. At first, it wasn’t much. But it didn’t matter what I tried—Nack just closed his eyes and took it. When I hit him with magic, he didn’t get angry, and he didn’t say a thing.

Why are you just sitting there and taking it?

Why don’t you try and do something?

If you just proved your worth as a healer, then maybe you could get your parents to take you back. Maybe they’d try to understand you.

Luqvist was the best place to learn magic. If he wanted to rebuild himself or become someone different, Luqvist was the place to do it. But Nack didn’t even try. He thought it was impossible right from the start and he just gave up.

And that infuriated me.

All of a sudden, I was talking less with words and more with violence. That just became a part of my everyday life. I was giving up too. I thought that Nack would always be like that. I thought that maybe we’d never ever go back to being able to play together.

Why did this happen? It was never supposed to be like this. I just . . . I just wanted to take Nack by the hand and take him back to those times when we played together.





* * *





I coughed. The world around me swirled. I couldn’t breathe properly after the impact of being slammed on my back. My joints ached.

This was my match to win. The talent, the magical power—I was better at everything. Yeah, I looked down on Nack and underestimated him, but I didn’t go easy on him either. I brought a shield with me. That wasn’t a thing nobles did.

Defeat should have been impossible, but there I was, lying on the ground, moaning.

I didn’t want to lose. I could feel that sensation bubbling up from the deepest part of my heart. It was the greedy part of me, and it wasn’t like me at all.

“If I . . . lose . . .” I mumbled.

What? I’ll lose my position at school? Nope. I couldn’t care less what the other students think—always fawning and sucking up. Then what? My family’s going to chew me out? I have never once feared that in my entire life.

I groaned and lifted my head. I saw Nack standing there, looking down at me, his shoulders heaving with each breath. He was in a worse state than I was and he didn’t seem to be in the least bit happy about where we were either. In fact, tears were streaming down his face. He’d made me eat dirt—me, who he had spent so much time despising and hating—so I didn’t know why he wasn’t overjoyed.

“I’m not . . . done . . . yet . . .” I muttered.

If I lose, Nack leaves this place. And just like last time, he’ll abandon me to go somewhere else. I’ll never . . . let that happen.

“I won’t . . . let you go!”

It can’t end like this.

Through the remaining haze of my consciousness, I filled my right hand with magic and pointed it toward Nack.





* * *





I heaved with exhaustion. I had slammed into Mina with everything I had and sent her to the ground. I barely had any magic left within me and my whole body was wracked with pain.

“Is this . . . Did I . . . win?” I muttered.

I looked around through the haze of my vision, at the students who could not believe what they had just seen, and at Usato, who breathed a sigh of relief.

I did it. I won.

“I’m not . . . done . . . yet . . .” Mina gasped.

Mina lifted herself up. She was covered in dust and dirt, but there was a strange stubborn insistence in her eyes as she glared at me. Then she pointed a hand at me, filled with magic.

I tried to defend myself, but I didn’t have anything left. I sat down.

“I’m not going to lose to you . . .” Mina muttered. “I won’t . . . let you just leave this place . . . !”

“Why?”

Why was Mina so stubborn, so insistent about me staying at Luqvist? Weren’t there other students besides me? I didn’t know why she was so obsessed with me. I felt paralyzed with fear.

“Nack-kun! Get away from her!” someone yelled.

“Halpha?”

I heard the shout and looked over. Halpha had gone pale. My thoughts were still a haze as I turned back to Mina, who was continuing to pour magic into her hand.

That looks just like what Usato was doing.

“Nack! She’s Mana Boosting! Wait right there! I’m coming over!”

“Huh?”

Mana Boosting.

Halpha’s talking about a skill that only experienced mages can do. Mina’s doing that?

But if both Halpha and Usato are worried about it, then it has to be pretty dangerous, right? Especially when it comes to someone like Mina, who wields burst magic. If her magic goes out of control, it won’t be just me in trouble. It’ll be everyone watching too.

“Have to . . . run . . .”

I knew that if I didn’t run, I’d get caught in the explosion and die. So I tried to get to my feet, but then I realized.

“No . . .”

This was no time to be thinking about running. Even if this place was filled with people who looked down on me, that was no reason not to save them. Running away now would make me unworthy of the Rescue Team.

“Nack?! Hurry up and get away from there!”

I glanced at the voice and saw Usato running over toward us. I then attempted to stand up again with a groan. My left shoulder was broken, so that arm was useless, and my right arm still hurt from the burns. I couldn’t put much strength into it. All the same, I put what magic power I had left into my right arm. I then shouted at my trembling knees and stood up straight.

“I’ll never let you go . . .” said Mina. “Never! I won’t let you leave!”

There was too much magic building in her hand, which started to shred and tear. Blood flowed from the cuts that opened. I could see Mina crying at the pain, but even then, she still stubbornly insisted on beating me. I couldn’t put words to the feelings that I had for her. Still, I clenched my fist.

I will save you, Mina. You and everyone here. I just have to do something about this mess you’re making.

“I will . . . save you!”

I walked up so we were facing one another. Our eyes locked.

“Nack . . .” Mina whispered.

With my eyes still locked on Mina’s, I reached out with my weakened right hand and grabbed hers. Then I pulled her in close to me. I didn’t have the strength to knock her unconscious. But what I could do was . . . minimize the scope of the burst magic explosion by shielding everyone with my own body.

“My hand . . .” Mina gasped.

I closed my eyes and readied myself for the pain that was to come, gripping Mina’s hand even tighter in my own. Then I felt a light spreading. I knew it even with my eyes closed. But whether it was Mina’s burst magic or something else, I did not know.





But the light was comforting, nostalgic, and gentle.

And with my eyes shut tight, I heard a voice trying to hold back from crying.





“It’s okay, Nack.”

I knew that voice. I felt a warm hand against my own trembling right hand. When I opened my eyes, I saw a relieved Usato next to me. Then there was Mina, one hand still in mine, the other pressed against her eyes as she cried.

“Mina . . . why are you . . . crying?” I asked.

“Sh-Shut up!” she spat through the tears.

I had suffered until now. Because of Mina, every day at Luqvist had been one of pain and misery. But to see her there in front of me, crying her eyes out, I . . .

“I’m sorry,” I uttered.

For some reason, I apologized. Mina shook my hand off. I must have been at the very peak of my physical abilities because I felt my body go weak as I fell forward.

“Whoa there,” said Usato, catching me before I could hit the floor. “Don’t force yourself. Just rest.”

Usato held me there as I felt a warm aura from his arms. He was healing me.

“Yep,” he muttered. “These injuries will heal up just fine.”

“Why didn’t Mina’s magic explode?” I asked.

She’d been building up her burst magic through Mana Boosting, after all. Usato looked a little befuddled by the question.

“Because she stopped it herself.”

“Huh?”

She stopped it herself? Mina did?

“It could be that . . . Well, she might just be kind of awkward with these things.”

“Awkward?”

I didn’t see her stop her magic spell. I didn’t know why she stopped casting it or why she was crying. In the end, I didn’t even know why she was so desperate to stop me from leaving.

But I couldn’t leave things like this. Things weren’t through between us yet.

“Still, you saved everyone, Nack. Be proud of that,” Usato said.

I was still mulling things over, but Usato’s words filled me with pride.

“Thanks,” I said, and though my voice was still feeble, there was confidence in it.

Usato nodded.

“Nack,” he said with a smile. “You’ve shown that you deserve a place among the Rescue Team. On top of that, your healing powers have returned to normal.”

“Huh?”

“Just look at Mina’s hand.”

She was still silently weeping with her head in her hands, but I couldn’t believe it—her wounds were . . . They were gone? All the damage that I’d inflicted on her in the fight, and all the damage she’d inflicted on herself because of the Mana Boosting . . . it was like none of it had ever happened.

I looked over at Usato for answers.

“It wasn’t me,” he said. “By the time I got here, she was already healed. That means that you did it.”

“I . . . I healed her . . .”

“I don’t really understand the logic, but I think when you really decided you wanted to save someone, the ability came back to you.”

“The will to save others . . .” I muttered.

“That’s the most essential thing that all healers must have. And when it really came down to it, you found that feeling again. You cut yourself free from the chains of the past and found the will to save the person who had bullied you, along with everyone else here.”

I listened to Usato’s words and poured magic into my right hand. I was at my last reserves of magic power, so it was no more than a fingertip’s worth of healing magic, but it was still there, illuminating my fingertip in a green light. It struck me as so important, and so precious, and I clenched my fist around it as if to hold it close.

“It was always with me . . . but when times were at their hardest, I couldn’t think of anyone but myself,” I said, my voice breaking as I brought my fist to my forehead. “I felt so much pain I couldn’t spare a thought for another person. And so, without even realizing it, I hid it inside of me. But I finally got it back. And I’ll never let it go. I will never forget this feeling!”

Usato listened in silence, a smile rising to his face as he stood up with me still in his arms.

“After what you’ve been through, you’re capable of so much more than the training you did yesterday,” he said. “I don’t doubt that the captain will be happy to make you a member of the Rescue Team. All in all, you did good, Nack. And . . . oh.”

“What?”

“Looks like there are some people who want to celebrate your victory.”

I wiped away my tears and looked ahead to where Usato had come from. Right there were all the people who had supported me over the last week, running over to me.





Chapter 7: The Start of a New Journey!





In the end, Nack was declared the victor in his match against Mina. Though there was something of a commotion around Mina forcing Mana Boosting into the proceedings, in the end, Nack’s healing magic returned to normal. It was a sign that the deeper problems within him had been solved.

And though I would have liked to oversee some more of his progress before leaving Luqvist, the day after Nack and Mina’s battle, Gladys called for me, Suzune, and Kazuki.

“Firstly, allow me the chance to say thank you,” she said.

This was how Gladys opened things after we entered her office. She gave us a bow of thanks, to which I was utterly perplexed.

“Hm?” I uttered.

I looked to Kazuki and Suzune for support, but Welcie spoke first—she had a look on her face like she was in on it, anyway.

“The headmistress of the School of Magic, Gladys, wanted to see a fundamental change in the mindset of her students,” Welcie explained.

I was still confused.

“In recent years, the school has seen an increase in students with a fixation on the idea that magic—and thus talent and skill—is something you are born with,” explained Gladys.

Discrimination based on magical affinities—were kids so concerned about it that more and more of them were slacking off in their training?

“Students are giving up on improving their own abilities. They think that it all comes down to talent, and that’s not a good situation for us to be in. But you . . . No, you and Nack showed them all something different. Putting your . . . methods aside for a moment, Nack showed them all that he could stand up against the so-called wall of ‘talent’ and break it down through hard work. Seeing that is sure to change the minds and outlooks of a great many students.”

I hadn’t actually been aware of it, but it seemed like my actions had impacted the students of the city in some way.

“But all of you also changed the mindset of us teachers too. There is nobody who doubts your powers now,” Gladys continued. “And if heroes as powerful as you suffered against the Demon Lord’s army, then it is a threat to all of us.”

“So . . . you mean to say that . . . ?” asked Welcie.

“Indeed,” replied Gladys, looking at each of us. “Luqvist will support Llinger Kingdom.”

Hearing the headmistress’s words filled me with joy, and yet at the same time, I felt suddenly lonely at what those same words meant.

“We are so very grateful,” said Welcie. “In that case, as of today, our party will . . .”

Now that we had our reply, we needed to set off on the next leg of our journey—it just hurt to think that I would have to say goodbye to Kiriha and the other friends I’d made since arriving in Luqvist.





* * *





We bid farewell to Gladys and left her office. Halpha saw us to the school’s entrance. Then we put the school behind us.

I took this as a chance to split from senpai and the others. I headed to Kiriha’s house, where Amako was waiting for me. I knew that Nack was there too. He’d been exhausted after his battle with Mina and had been sleeping when I left.

I wasn’t worried that I’d have to leave without saying goodbye, but . . . I trudged on until I arrived at Kiriha’s house. They came out to see me. I told them all that I was leaving.

“Wow, so you’re leaving today, then,” said Kiriha.

“Yeah,” I said apologetically. “Sorry it’s so sudden.”

“It’s okay. It’s an important mission, right?” said Kiriha, shrugging with a touch of disappointment. “You’ve got to see it through.”

“Here,” I said, passing over a cloth bag that Welcie had given me. “This is thanks for letting me stay here. Welcie wanted me to pass it along.”

“We can’t take this. We barely even did anything.”

“That’s not true at all. You helped us out so much—you gave Nack a bed, for one thing, and even more than that, I had a great time staying with you guys.”

I wasn’t making things up or trying to be polite. It was a bit wild, sure, but I really did have a great time.

Kiriha let out a defeated sigh.

“Well, I already know how stubborn you can be, so I may as well just give up and take it,” she said.

“Thanks,” I told her.

I couldn’t leave without giving them something—they did feed me, after all.

“You really are a weird human, you know,” muttered Kiriha.

“Of course he is. That’s why he’s coming with me,” said Amako.

I didn’t know if I liked her tone though—was that really something you said with pride?

All the same, Kiriha giggled.

“Well, can’t argue with that.”

“Please, argue with it,” I pleaded.

“Why? Isn’t she right? And besides, that’s exactly why we were able to get to know you. It’s not a bad thing when you think about it, right?”

Kiriha grinned. She was lighter and more open than when we’d first met.

“I guess not, no,” I replied.

So much had happened. I felt it deep in my heart.

“I was pretty worried at first,” said Kyo, turning to face me, “but since we met, well . . . I feel like it might be worth trusting you humans again.”

“Kyo . . .”

“Now I’m not about to get all sentimental with the next human I meet, don’t get me wrong,” said Kyo with a pout. “I’m just talking about if we meet someone like you—someone who’s willing to just treat us like anyone else. Then maybe . . .”

Kyo then looked away, embarrassed. I couldn’t help but grin and chuckle at his words, which only made him go all red.

“D-Don’t laugh! I know how cheesy it sounds!”

“You really are a shy one, aren’t you?” said Amako.

“Shut up, Amako! I’m never going to say that ever again! Dammit, why’d I even say anything in the first place?!”

“Kyo, are you . . . crying?” I asked.

“Nobody’s crying!” he shouted, his voice enraged and yet trembling at the same time.

Kyo turned away from us in a sulk, so I apologized for teasing him. After I’d thanked them for their help, I felt glad that I’d come. Even putting my true objective aside, it was a valuable week.

“Nack,” I said finally, directing my voice to the boy who’d kept his head down this entire time. He didn’t say anything, or move, and Kiriha gave him a poke in the back.

“Come on, Nack,” she said. “I know how you feel, but at least give him a proper send-off.”

Nack let out a little moan, and then he looked up at me, his shoulders trembling as he found the strength to speak.

“Usato . . .” he cried, his face a mess of tears and snot.

I knelt down with a wry grin so I could look Nack in the eyes. I put my hands on his shoulders.

“Hey, there’s nothing to cry about,” I said. “It’s not like we’re saying goodbye forever, right?”

“But I can’t . . . I can’t ever thank you enough . . .”

“Nack, all I did was point you in the right direction. Your victory yesterday and your healing magic were earned with your own hands.”

In the end, I simply gave Nack what Rose gave me in terms of training. I showed him the way to the Rescue Team. I really did no more than that.

Nack rubbed his eyes with his sleeves and clenched his little hands into fists.

“The training was really hard,” he said. “All the shouting was like needles in my heart. It was the hardest thing I’ve ever been through.”

“Okay . . .”

“At first, I thought, ‘Who is this crazy, insane person who would do these things?’”

“O-Okay . . .”

“And to be honest, at first, I thought it wasn’t healing magic at all—I thought you were a monster with terrifying magic at your disposal.”

“Alright, hang on a sec.”

What the . . . ? I really thought things were trending in the right direction for a second there. Is this a goodbye, or is Nack just chewing me out?

I kind of understood then how Rose must have felt about all of my complaining.

“But you had a reason for all of it,” said Nack. “The hard training, the healing magic, everything you taught me—all of it was essential to beating Mina.”

There was confidence in his eyes as he looked up at me with his piercing gaze.

“I want to be even stronger,” he said. “I want to be even stronger, like you. I found it, Usato—I found a life I want to chase where I’m not trapped by my family, or Mina, or anyone.”

Nack’s victory had freed him from everything that tied him down until now. And with that, he’d found himself the chance to walk a new path. What he did with that path, whether he walked it or he abandoned it, was entirely up to him. He could make his own choices now.

Still, it was kind of embarrassing to hear him say that he wanted to be like me.

“I’m going to go to Llinger Kingdom and join the Rescue Team! I’m going to endure even harder training! And I’ll take any abuse! Any curses!”

“I’m still just a rookie in the Rescue Team myself,” I said. “To be honest, I’m a long way from being on the same level as the captain. Knowing that, do you still want to be like me?”

“You’re my teacher . . . so you’re the person I look up to!”

“I see.”

Seeing Nack grow so much filled me with joy. I put a hand on his head.

“You remember what I told you? About training and how it’s not about trying your best?”

“Yep!”

“Well, I’m going to use those words now, but I mean them as encouragement. I mean them for your future.”

Nack looked down at his feet bashfully. And to be honest, I felt a little of that too. But Nack was going to walk his own path now, and I wanted him to know I was behind him.

“Do your best, Nack,” I said. “The Rescue Team training is going to be unlike anything you’ve ever known. It’s going to be real tough, but I’m sure you can do it.”

“Bring it!”

I couldn’t help but laugh.

“That’s the spirit,” I said.

I ruffled his hair with my hand, then reached into my coat pocket and brought out an envelope, which I passed to Nack. Inside of it was a letter. On the back of the envelope was some messy script that read, To the captain.

“Is this . . .”

“Yep, it’s a letter of introduction for the Rescue Team. This’ll get you through the door,” I said.

It wasn’t easy for me to learn the letters of this language, but somehow, I managed to get this letter done.

That said, I almost didn’t—I got it finished just in time.

“The captain is the one wearing this sort of jacket. She has the aura of a carnivorous beast, so you can’t miss her.”

“Got it! Thank you so much!”

Nack took the letter in his hands as if it were made of fragile glass. I had a feeling he’d do great under the captain’s tutelage. I didn’t know why I thought that, but I was sure of it all the same.

“Anyway, we should get going,” I announced.

Inukami-senpai, Kazuki, and all the others were waiting for me. I gave Amako a nudge, and she nodded. Then she took a little breath and looked up at Kiriha.

“I’m glad I could see you and Kyo again. Thanks for everything.”





“I’m glad we got to see you looking so well too,” said Kiriha. “If you ever get lonely, we’re always here, and you’re always welcome.”

“Thanks.”

Amako broke into a smile. She looked down as if she was a bit embarrassed by the joy of it.

Just like in Llinger Kingdom, you’ve got another place you can call home.

“That’s really great,” I whispered to her, then turned once more to Kiriha, Kyo, and Nack. “Kiriha, Kyo—keep well, you two. Nack . . . well, we don’t need to say goodbye, so how about we part with something more like . . . see you soon?”

“Make sure you come back and visit if you’re ever around these parts,” said Kiriha. “And give our best to Suzune and Kazuki.”

“Make sure to heal Amako’s mother back to full health!” said Kyo.

“I’ll be waiting for you at Llinger Kingdom!” said Nack.

It was sad to part ways, but it wasn’t like we’d never meet again.

And with that, Amako and I left.





* * *





“They’re really gone,” muttered Nack.

“That they are,” said Kyo.

The week had gone by in the blink of an eye, but for me, it had been an experience unlike any other, and it was incredibly meaningful. I remembered the feelings that I’d forgotten of wanting to be friends with humans. And for the first time in my life, I’d done it—I’d made friends with a human.

“Hey, Nack,” said Kyo. “Are you leaving for Llinger Kingdom right away?”

Nack looked a little troubled.

“I really wish I could,” he replied, “but I still have some things to do.”

Like what?

I turned to look at Nack and watched as he carefully put the envelope Usato gave him in his pocket.

“I have to send a letter to my parents to break things off,” said Nack, a little reluctantly, “and then I have to quit school. That, and . . . I’m thinking I should see Mina one more time before I go.”

“I don’t know if that’s a good idea, Nack,” I said.

“Yeah, there’s no telling what she’ll do,” added Kyo.

After the way the match went yesterday, it seemed way too dangerous. It wouldn’t be at all surprising if Mina started casting attack spells the moment she saw him. But Nack simply scratched the back of his head.

“I know she could do anything,” he said, aware of the danger, “and what she did to me isn’t something that’s easy to just forgive and forget. But putting forgiveness aside, I . . .”

“You . . . ?”

“I . . . just want to talk to her.”

The only one who really saw Mina up close at the end of the fight was Nack and Nack alone. Nobody else who was there saw her face or heard her voice. But with my beastkin ears, I felt like I heard something from her that wasn’t brimming with confidence. What I heard was a clinging to something. It sounded like she was calling out to something before it left for somewhere far away. When I thought about that, I could see where Nack was coming from.

“You should do what you think is best, Nack. Just make sure you drop by again before you leave Luqvist, okay? We at least want to give you a proper send-off,” I told him.

“Of course. You and Kyo are the only people here that I’m even remotely close to.”

“I know this is me, a beastkin, saying this,” said Kyo, “but it’s a bit weird for you to go saying something like that with so much pride.”

Good point. But after everything we’d been through, we now talked to Nack like we would talk to each other. At first, we mostly went through Usato to communicate, but at some point, we just grew comfortable enough to converse ourselves.

“Well, if it’s weird, then it’s weird, and that’s the way it is. I am Usato’s disciple, after all,” said Nack with a cheeky grin.

“Ha! Well put,” said Kyo, giving him a pat on the back.

I couldn’t help but smile at the sight of it. That is, until the appearance of a young girl broke the relaxed atmosphere between us.

“So this is where you’ve been,” she said.

It was Mina. She’d come from a different street than the one that Usato and Amako had taken to leave, and she looked at the three of us.

“Come with me,” she said to Nack. “We have to talk.”

Then she turned and walked away.

“What are you going to do, Nack?” I asked.

“Might be a trap, you know?” added Kyo. “Want me to go with you?”

There was something different about her, but it was still Mina we were talking about. I wouldn’t have been surprised if she had set a trap for Nack as revenge. I heard Nack gulp nervously, but then he took a few cautious steps forward.

“No, you don’t have to worry,” he said. “It’s fine. I was going to save her until last, but I guess I’ll just talk to her now. I’ll be fine.”

He still looked nervous, but I could tell that talking to Mina was a big deal for Nack. If that was the case, we weren’t about to get in his way.

“Got it,” I said. “But if you get in trouble, you run, okay?”

“Okay. See you later!”

“Stay safe.”

We watched as the jittery Nack took off after Mina.

“You think he’ll be okay?” asked Kyo.

“I’m sure of it. He’s much stronger than we think.”

Kyo chuckled.

“True, true.”

I had been worried about whether it was possible for humans and beastkin to get along. But it struck me after talking with Nack that it really was a simple thing. I owed that realization to the work of Usato and Amako.

I really couldn’t thank them enough.

I blinked at the sudden rush of emotion swelling within me, then pushed it down and secretly wiped away the tears I felt in my eyes. I looked back in the direction that Usato and Amako had gone.

I wasn’t sure when I’d see them again. But at the same time, I didn’t think it was the last time we’d cross paths. Amako had Usato, and Usato had Amako—and I felt that as long as they had each other, there was nothing to worry about.

“I can’t wait to see you guys again,” I muttered with a giggle.

When we next met, Amako’s mother would be healed, Usato’s journey would be over, and perhaps . . . I’d be a little more honest with myself than I once was.

And until that time came, I’d try living a life that was a little different to the one I’d lived until now.





* * *





Mina came looking for me.

I had intended to talk with her before I left Luqvist, but I’d never imagined that she’d come looking for me first. I acted like I was unfazed in front of Kiriha and Kyo, but to be honest, I was scared. I was watching Mina’s back as she walked in front of me. I couldn’t help worrying that she would turn around at any second and unleash burst magic on me.

“This is far enough,” she said finally, coming to a stop.

I lifted my head and realized something: we were at the square where Mina always bullied me and the place where I first met Usato.

“Why here?” I asked.

“No reason, really. It’s just a good place to talk in private.”

Mina walked to the center of the square, then spun to face me. It didn’t look like she wanted a fight.

“Um, where are all your . . . y’know, groupies?” I started.

Mina always had a gang with her, but they were all gone.

“Huh? My groupies? Oh, them. They stopped coming near me the moment I lost to you. I don’t care though—they were always just following me around and getting in my way.”

In other words, they’d abandoned her. Mina didn’t seem to care though.

“Are you hurt?” I asked.

“Huh?”

“Are your injuries okay?”

Mina looked frustrated and she put a palm to her forehead.

Is it weird that I’m asking her about her injuries when I gave them to her?

Mina let out a sigh.

“Ever since I can remember, you’ve always avoided being clear about things. And you’re kind of dim-witted. On top of that, you’re so plain and boring. On top of that, you even care about your bully. I always knew you were an idiot.”

I groaned. She’d hit all my weak points.

“Anyway, thanks to some idiot healing me,” said Mina, looking away from me, “I don’t have any injuries.”

I was shocked. I wasn’t used to Mina being so resigned and open. I wondered if she had head trauma from when I rammed into her.

But that just means she’ll answer any question I throw at her. Time to find out why she was crying yesterday.

“Um, why were you crying?” I started.

“Forget that.”

“What?”

Mina quickly cast a fireball that hovered in her hand and she glared at me.

“You forget that, or I blow you away,” she said.

“Got it! Consider it forgotten!”

Mina’s red cheeks, bloodshot eyes, and glare terrified me.

She’s still the same old Mina.

Mina let her fireball dissipate and calmed herself. Then she straightened her robe as if nothing had happened.

“I’m the one asking the questions,” she said. “Are you really giving up your noble rank?”

“Yes, that’s what I’ve decided.”

“Outside of me, nobody’s going to try to stop you. You know that, right? Your father and mother have, as hard as it is to admit, already abandoned you.”

“I know that . . .”

When I heard that my dad told Mina she could do whatever she wanted to me, I knew that he didn’t think of me as his son anymore.

“I still remember what they used to be like, back when they were kind,” I said. “But I don’t think they’ll ever hold those feelings for me again.”

“Yeah . . .”

“Mina, I don’t know why you’re so intent on stopping me, but it’s too late. I’m a healer, and none of them will ever recognize me as one of their own because of that. Even if I graduated from this place, they wouldn’t take me back.”

It wasn’t common for someone to willingly relinquish their noble status. But I had a goal now, and I didn’t need that status to get there.

“I know. And I’ll let you leave Luqvist,” said Mina.

What do you mean “let me” . . . ?

But Mina was always going to be Mina. Still, I preferred her like this to looking meek and cowardly.

“But I’m not going to give up,” she said.

“What?”

“Don’t look at me like that. You thought you could get rid of me just by winning a single fight?”

I froze. Just when I thought that she had given up, she went and said that. It wasn’t like the battle broke off my connection to her, but I didn’t think she’d react to the loss in this way.

“Wait a sec. I still haven’t forgotten,” I said. “You bullied me for a full two years!”

“That’s because you’re always so indecisive and wishy-washy. But it’s not like I want you to forgive me.”

I felt so panicked I wanted to run to Usato to beg for his help.

Usato! Help! This girl is so stubborn and overwhelmingly selfish I can’t even talk to her!

“Why are you so scared?” Mina asked. “I said I wouldn’t give up, but I didn’t mean right now.”

“Huh? Does that mean you won’t try and force me to stay?”

“Jeez, Nack. Why would I go and embarrass myself all over again? Didn’t you declare to me that you were leaving when we fought?”

“Well, yeah, but . . .”

“I can’t stop you from joining that weirdo Rescue Team or whatever it is. So I’m going to keep getting stronger while I’m here, and then I’m going to head out there and bring you back.”

Mina was talking about after she graduated. That meant she wouldn’t go to Llinger Kingdom for some years yet.

“When you say get stronger . . . does that mean you’re actually going to try?”

“You got a problem with that?”

“Er, no . . .”

Mina had the talent, and she had a knack for magic. Now she was actually going to start trying. If she combined hard work with what she already had, the sky was the limit for her.

“But now that I lost to a healer of your level, I realized that I’m still not strong enough by a long shot.”

She lost, and yet somehow she still sounded arrogant. But she’d said her piece, so she turned to leave.

“Let me ask you one thing,” I said, stopping her.

“What?”

“Why do you keep bothering with me?”

If I was being honest, I would have figured that Mina would be sick to death of even seeing my face. But instead, she came looking for me.

What am I to you, Mina?

“I got mad because you just decided to disappear without saying a word. That’s why.”

She didn’t turn to look back at me.

I disappeared without saying a word.

That didn’t seem like the whole reason to me, but her words reminded me of something Usato said.

“It could be that . . . Well, she might just be kind of awkward with these things.”

The word “awkward” wasn’t a cover-all reason to just forgive and forget. There was no getting around the rock-hard fact that Mina had bullied me. I couldn’t act like that never happened, but I could face her now, and look her in the eyes, and stand on equal ground.

“Hey! Mina!” I called out. She didn’t turn to face me, but she stopped to listen as I took a deep breath and shouted, “I’ll be waiting for you at Llinger!”

Mina giggled.

“You’ve got guts,” she said. “You just wait. I’m going to get so strong you’ll go down in a single strike!”

Her shoulders shook and her voice cracked as she spoke, and then she ran off. I watched her disappear into the distance, and then I sat down on the ground and laughed.

“What in the world am I doing . . .” I muttered.

Calling out to Mina like that was like tightening a noose around my own neck, but funnily enough, I didn’t regret it. I had spent all my time until now avoiding reality. I said it wasn’t my fault. I kept wondering why it was me that had to go through this. I felt like it was only me who was suffering, and I never once thought of anyone outside of myself.

“Thank you, Usato,” I said.

Because of Usato, I found the power to stand up for myself, to confront who I was and to confront Mina after two long years. There was still some part of me that feared her, but I would accept those feelings as I moved on into the future. My life from here on out was sure to be filled with ups and downs the likes of which I couldn’t even imagine. But I knew for sure that I wouldn’t regret any of it.

I knew that because it was the path Usato showed me.

It was the path I chose for myself.

And there was nothing about that to regret.





* * *





After saying our farewell to Kiriha, Kyo, and Nack, Amako and I headed to the Luqvist gates. Everyone was waiting for us when we got there—Inukami-senpai, Kazuki, Welcie, and the knights. From there, we would split into three groups, together with our respective protection. Amako and I would be traveling together with Aruku, who had a horse for carrying our luggage.

“Aruku, that horse . . .” I said.

“We’ve got a bit to carry in the way of baggage, so I thought a horse would help us out. A bit old, but a good steed all the same. And smart—we’ve got ourselves a good companion for our journey,” he said.

“Is that so . . . Nice to meet you,” I said, patting the dark brown horse.

The horse neighed comfortably in reply. I’d never touched a horse before, but this one was silky smooth. A bit different to what I was used to with Blurin.

Well, can’t leave all the preparations to Aruku.

“Let me help,” I said.

“No, no, I’m fine. Anyway, Welcie said she had something to talk to you about before we all depart, so by all means, see to that first.”

I wonder what that could be? Guess I’ll go find out.

“Got it. Amako, could you bring Blurin over? I imagine he’s still sleeping,” I asked.

“Okay.”

I left the preparations with Aruku and headed over to the carriage where Welcie was.

“Sorry I’m late,” I said.

“We haven’t been waiting all that long,” replied Inukami-senpai. “Did you say your goodbyes?”

“Yep.”

“Right. Feeling a little sad?”

“I’ll see them again when we’ve finished our work.”

It wasn’t a last goodbye. I’d see Nack in Llinger soon enough, and Kiriha and Kyo were practically our neighbors. My job now was to safely pass out the kingdom’s letters so I could see them all again.

“Looks like you’re all here, then,” said Welcie.

“Present,” said Inukami-senpai, Kazuki, and I in unison.

“I know you all experienced quite a lot on our stop here in Luqvist, but keep in mind that this is just the start of your journey. Suzune, you’re heading north—Kazuki, west, and Usato, east. This is the beginning of a long journey for each of you.”

All three of us stood silently, listening carefully to each word Welcie spoke.

“I wish we weren’t so helpless, but the truth is all of us at Llinger Kingdom—no, this whole continent—are leaning on you to spread word of the crisis that looms in the distance. And yet, none of you have asked for a thing—all of you are doing your best to help . . .”

Welcie’s words faded into silence. It was clear that she struggled with the idea that so much was riding on our shoulders. She took a deep breath, then looked at us with a gentle smile.

“Suzune-sama, Kazuki-sama, Usato-sama, be well on your journeys. I will be praying for your safe return to Llinger Kingdom.”

“We’ll be back alright,” said Inukami-senpai. “Kazuki and I are heroes, and Usato is an invincible member of the Rescue Team!”

“Uh, I’m not invincible though,” I said.

Kazuki took a step forward and looked Welcie in the eyes. He was brimming with confidence.

“Llinger Kingdom is the one place in this world that we all call home,” he said. “We’ve all got people waiting for us, so please don’t worry. We’ll see our duties through and make it home safe!”

Welcie’s eyes welled with tears.

“Wonderful. Everyone, please, be safe,” she said, bowing once before leaving.

The three of us watched her go, then looked at one another.

“Senpai, Kazuki,” I said. “I know it won’t be easy, but good luck out there.”

“Hey, don’t steal my line,” said Kazuki. “You’ve got the toughest journey out of all of us.”

“Yeah,” added senpai. “You’re the one who has to go to the Beastlands.”

I knew it was going to be tough, but I’d made up my mind. And thanks to the interactions I’d had with Kiriha and Kyo, I could think about it now with more optimism. Yeah, maybe I was a bit too happy-go-lucky about it all, but I figured I’d make it all work.

“It’ll all work out,” I said. “After all, I made things work with Kiriha and Kyo.”

“It’ll all work out?” Senpai sighed. “Sometimes I really can’t tell if you’re conscientious or careless. Be careful, okay? If you find yourself in danger, I’ll come running, no matter where I am.”

Coming from senpai, it didn’t sound like a joke—I wasn’t sure how to respond. Kazuki laughed.

“That makes two of us,” he said.

“You too, Kazuki?”

“Of course. It’s what friends do. They help each other out of tough spots. Just like when you saved us in the battle against the Demon Lord’s army.”

“Can’t argue with you when you put it like that.”

Senpai giggled.

“You saved our lives, Usato. Of course, we want to help you whenever we can.”

Man, these guys are putting way too much into their feelings of gratitude.

Still, it made me happy to hear them say they’d help me out if I needed it.

“Anyway, enough with the sad goodbyes, yeah?”

“Good call. Let’s see each other off with a smile!”

We looked at one another, all of us wishing each other success on our travels and a safe reunion afterward.

“I’m not going to say goodbye,” said Inukami-senpai. “Usato-kun, Kazuki-kun—see you when we all get back.”

“Got it!”

Inukami-senpai’s smile was filled with confidence, while Kazuki’s reflected his kindness and generosity. I couldn’t help but smile myself.

I, too, hoped that we’d all get to catch up upon our safe returns.





* * *





“Usato-kun!”

“Senpai?”

We were all preparing to go our own ways when senpai called out to me. I glanced at Kazuki, who grinned before walking off toward the knights he would be traveling with.

“What’s up?” I asked.

“I wanted to give something to you.”

Senpai walked up to me with something of a nervous look on her face.

Oh no, is she going to do that thing where she does something weird?

I prepared myself for the worst, but senpai simply took my right hand in hers. She ignored the surprise on my face and put an object in the palm of my hand.

“S-Senpai?” I asked.

“I’m certain that these journeys are going to be tougher than any of us can imagine. It’ll be at least a month before we’re done, and we’ll all face difficulties.”

She wrapped my hand in both of hers and squeezed it gently, then let it go. In my hand was a small cloth bag with something inside of it. I’d seen these a lot back in our homeworld. I bashfully scratched my cheek as I looked at senpai.

“Is this . . . an Omamori?”

“Yes, that’s exactly what it is. I made it here.”

In the middle of the rough-cloth fabric, she’d stitched the kanji symbol for “protect.” I felt emotions swelling within me.

“It’s really well made,” I said.

“Nothing worth praising. Of course, I gave one to Kazuki already, but I wanted you to have one too—it just worked out that this was the best timing to give it to you.”

Oh no, what do I do? I think I’m going to cry.

“Usato-kun?”

I’d felt similar feelings when I was talking to Kiriha and the others, but to be given something this nice—I was moved so much I was close to tears. I was so impressed by the gesture that I was trembling, and as senpai stole glances at me, I gripped her by the shoulders.

“Senpai . . .” I said.

“Huh? W-What? U-Usato-kun?! I-It’s a little too early f-for that kind of thing . . .”

Senpai must have been shocked at being touched so suddenly because she went all red and looked down as she muttered. Still, I did my best to ignore it and say my piece.

“This Omamori means a lot to me,” I said. “I promise you, I’ll make it home safe, no matter what!”

“He’s just holding your shoulders. That’s all he’s doing, you know,” senpai began. “I know. I really do. Calm down, Suzune. Cool it . . . You’re not freaking out from nerves right now!”

I tilted my head quizzically at first—it took a moment for me to realize that senpai was muttering in a low voice to herself because I had my hands on her shoulders, so I quickly let them go. Senpai then cleared her throat and collected herself. She pointed to the Omamori in my hand.

“Kazuki and I both carry the same Omamori. I made them by hand, so there’s no special benefits to it, but I hope it will help you remember us if times get tough.”

“I sure hope there aren’t any times like that though . . .”

If I was being honest, I hoped that everything would go off without a hitch. But all the same, having something like this in my possession . . . It made me feel closer to Inukami-senpai.

“Usato-kun,” she said. “I have to start preparing for my own departure.”

“Got it. Good luck, senpai.”

“You too, Usato-kun . . . See you soon.”

She seemed to hesitate for a moment as she looked at me. She then turned away suddenly and walked toward the knights she was traveling with.

“Thanks.”

For a moment, senpai turned back to me, and I caught the tiniest glimpse of a tear running down the side of her face.





I pretended not to notice and tucked the charm she gave me into the inside pocket of my coat. Then I headed back to Aruku—who was finishing up with our luggage—and Amako.

“Usato, you ready?” asked Amako.

“Yep. There’s nothing more that needs to be said. Aruku, how are we looking?” I asked.

“Ready to go,” he said, pulling on the reins of the horse strapped with our luggage.

Senpai and Kazuki were traveling with groups of knights, but in my case, it was just me, Aruku, Amako, Blurin, and our new horse. But no matter how fast we traveled, this traveling group was just the right size for me.

With our preparations complete, we headed to the Luqvist gates and met once more with senpai and Kazuki’s traveling parties, at which point the gates slowly opened.

I watched the other groups head off in their separate directions, then turned to look behind me. I saw Aruku, Amako, and Blurin. I looked past them to the city of Luqvist. It was a short time filled with so much. My time with it had come to an end. Kazuki and senpai were heading off to new destinations, and my own new journey was about to begin. I won’t say I wasn’t a bit nervous about it.

But probably in part because of that feeling, I was also excited. I was excited to see the countries, people, and places outside of Llinger Kingdom. My heart leaped at the thought of the fantastical world that was waiting out there . . . though I should make it absolutely clear that I wasn’t nearly on the same level of excitement as Inukami-senpai.

“Well then, let’s head off!” I said.

And so, I took a bold step forward, off to our next destination.





Extra: What the Demon Lord Sees





The adventurers broke off onto separate paths. I could feel it from my throne, even though my castle was a long way from them. I opened my eyes.

“I will see no more than this,” I muttered, resting my back against the throne.

“Is there something you desire, my Lord?” asked the maid by my side.

“There is nothing I want in particular . . . and you do not have to be so formal.”

“For demons, your existence is absolute. Though you may allow one to be casual and at ease in your company, I cannot allow myself such a transgression.”

“On the other hand, it is a problem when my own importance is blown too far out of proportion. Conversation loses all its usual flavor.”

I let out a sigh and lifted myself from my throne.

“In any case,” I said. “It is better to have some company than none at all. Something interesting happened just now. Let’s talk about that, shall we?”

“You may use my ears as you so wish.”

“Did I not just use the word ‘talk’? I do not recall ordering you to listen.”

But the maid’s expression never broke. “Quite the personality,” I muttered somewhat sarcastically before talking about what I had just realized.

“Llinger Kingdom has its heroes on the move. Being that each hero is headed in a different direction, we can assume that they have left to ask for the support of neighboring nations.”

“Is this not a conversation best had with your military leaders, my Lord?”

“It is unnecessary. My intent was always to capture the greater continent. It does not matter how big a force they muster. Besides, my captains are all busy preparing for the next invasion.”

My army had been forced to retreat on two occasions and made to understand that Llinger Kingdom was not a nation we could simply walk all over. We needed to throw all of our power at it. As such, my forces were readying themselves—taking their time to grow stronger to ensure total victory.

“However, putting their heroes to use in this way is a most interesting tactic. It was worthwhile for us to make the first move.”

“My Lord, are you able to perfectly track the movements of the heroes?”

“No. I see them only vaguely. I know little more than where they are.”

This ability of mine was not as convenient as it appeared. Nonetheless, the maid was reverent.

“Amazing, my Lord,” she said with great respect.

It made me cringe.

“I knew that they were in the neighboring nation of Luqvist. But I do not know where they will go next. This is the limit of my powers—it’s little more than a simple trick.”

“If I, a mere servant, may be so bold as to ask, would there not be an opportunity at this present moment to attack Llinger Kingdom?”

“We have underestimated them enough already. Have you forgotten? The first time our invasion was pushed back, Llinger Kingdom still did not have its heroes. Moving our forces before they are fully marshaled will only result in needless deaths.”

“My humble apologies. It was beyond inconsiderate of me. Please mete out whatever punishment you deem most appropriate.”

“Exactly how much of a tyrant do I appear to your eyes?”

Yes, there were stories of the unlimited terror and brutality I thrust upon the humans, but I was not one to neglect and bully my own race. And yet everyone seemed all too willing to thrust their heads into the guillotine of their own volition—it irked me. I put a hand to my forehead in frustration.

“Is there nobody with whom I can talk more easily?” I muttered, not looking at the maid. “I am not saying that you are unsuitable, but at this rate, I will quickly feel suffocated.”

“More easily? With all due respect, I am your chief servant—finding someone suitable will not be a simple task.”

“Why?”

“Because it was I who educated all those beneath me.”

“Oh. I see . . .”

In the back of my mind, I could easily imagine a line of maids, all of them with the same blank, expressionless face. No matter how many centuries passed, the demons refused to loosen up. It made me sigh—a rarity for one like myself. Then the maid raised her head as if an idea had come to her.

“A girl will be arriving soon, a new maid,” she said. “She is far from prepared, but I can bring her before you if you wish.”

“Do so, though I will not get my hopes up.”

Now that I had something worth looking forward to, I turned my thoughts back to the heroes.

“However, they are interesting . . .” I muttered.

The two heroes of Llinger Kingdom were treated extremely well by the nation, and though nobody had forced them to do so, they risked their lives to stand against my own army.

But there was one more among them that was also intriguing.

“A healer . . .”

“A healer? I have heard it is a most troublesome magic, unique to humans.”

Before I had been sealed away, it was a magic highly valued among the human race. It was funny to think that now, however, it was looked down upon.

“Healers are now active on the battlefield. Back when I fought the last generation’s hero, such a healer did not exist. That is why healers are all the more intriguing.”

I maintained something of a slight interest in the healer who traveled together with the two heroes—I sensed that he traveled not just with humans but with a beastkin and a monster also. How could I not be intrigued?

“A human who is not a hero . . . Will he go the same route as that one?”

It was a memory from long ago—a human who teamed up with other races. A human that other humans could not believe was also human. A human who abandoned it all.

I could see their paths—that human and this healer—overlapping as if they were one.





The Wrong Way to Use Healing Magic Volume 3

(CHIYUMAHO NO MACHIGATTA TSUKAIKATA -SENJO O KAKERU KAIHUKUYOIN-Vol.3)

©KUROKATA 2016

First published in Japan in 2016 by KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo.

English translation rights arranged with KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo.





ISBN: 978-1-64273-310-5





No part of this may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by storage and retrieval system without the written permission of the publisher. For information contact One Peace Books. Every effort has been made to accurately present the work presented herein. The publisher and authors regret unintentional inaccuracies or omissions, and do not assume responsibility for the accuracy of the translation in this book. Neither the publishers nor the artists and authors of the information presented in herein shall be liable for any loss of profit or any other commercial damages, including but not limited to special, incidental, consequential or other damages.





Written by KUROKATA

Art by KeG

Translated by Hengtee Lim

English Edition Published by One Peace Books 2023





One Peace Books

