“Hang on a minute,” said a voice.

“Hurk?!” squealed Usato-kun.

In the next instant, a beautiful green-haired woman appeared, gripping

Usato-kun by the collar of his coat and stopping him before he could go

anywhere at all.



* * *



She came out of nowhere. She had the glare of a monster, an

oppressive, overwhelming aura, and a ferocious attitude hidden beneath her

stunningly beautiful features.

Yes, she is the most frightening, most wicked—

“What is the meaning of this? Explain yourself, Usato,” Rose barked.

“I-I-I-I-I will explain everything. Just let me go, Captain!”

She was my teacher, my superior, and the captain of the Rescue Team.

Rose. And she looked down at me with a slight annoyance in her eyes.

“Well then, what happened?”

“Uh, well . . .”

I stammered my way through an explanation of recent events. At the

end of it, Rose crossed her arms in thought.

Oh man, what do I do? She’s terrifying. She’s going to smack my head

off my shoulders, I just know it . . . or maybe she’ll settle for throwing me

smack bang right in the middle of the Demon Lord’s forces.

“I’d heard the heroes were in trouble. That’s why I’m here. Surprised

you handled everything already though.”

“Sorry.”

“No. No apology necessary. You did good.”

“So what should I do now, Captain?”

I had a feeling I’d be heading back into battle but decided it best to ask

Rose first.

“What indeed . . .” said Rose, glancing at Inukami-senpai and the

knights with her. “The heroes are back in action, we’ve captured one of the

enemy’s key warriors, and now their forces are in disarray. Perfect.”

“Right,” I stated.

“We’re heading back to camp,” she said.

“What?!” I exclaimed.

I couldn’t understand it. She wanted us to retreat?! If she was ordering

me to return to Ururu and the others at the Rescue Team camp, did that

mean I wasn’t necessary on the front lines anymore?

“We’re not needed here anymore,” said Rose. “The battle is swinging

in our favor. Unless the enemy forces have some hidden ace up their sleeve,

we’ll be fine. From this point, we’ll only get in the knights’ way.”

“So it’s best if we do our healing back at camp?”

“Exactly.”

That makes sense. I’ll head back with Rose then.

Even if I retreated, there was still a lot left for me to do. A part of me

felt relieved to not have to run through the bloodbath of the battlefield, but

the rest of me worried about senpai and Kazuki. Yes, they were covered in

blood, but they both looked ready for action—they’d healed up nicely. That

at least made me feel better.

“Kazuki, Inukami-senpai,” I said. “I’m heading back to camp, but no

dying out there for either of you. You’re heroes. You smash those demons

and you come back safe, okay?”

“You got it. I fully intend to treasure the life you saved,” said senpai.

“Look after yourself, Usato,” added Kazuki.

There was a weight to the words senpai spoke. I smiled in reply to both

her and Kazuki, then left them with the knights and ran back to the

rearguard with Rose. She muttered something under her breath as she sped

off, but it was lost in cries that rang out through the battlefield.

I think she might have said, “Glad you made it out of that in one

piece.”



* * *



“WHAT?! What do you mean the black knight was captured?!”

The Demon Lord’s main squad had gone to meet Llinger’s heroes

head-on, and now the news came that the black knight had been defeated.

Amila Vergrett, commander of the Demon Lord’s third army, fell off her

chair.

She couldn’t believe it. The black knight’s abilities were famous

among the Demon Lord’s forces. Not only could its armor defend and

counter with ease, but the black knight could also transform the armor into

weapons. Amila herself, who was exceptionally powerful, matched up

badly with the knight, whose rare magic type always kept her on the

defensive.

“Was it the heroes?!” she demanded.

“No, based on the white uniform, we believe it was a member of the

Rescue Team. They appeared in our last battle,” Hyriluk explained.

The image of a particular healer appeared in Amila’s mind.

“White uniform . . . Was it Rose, then?!”

The woman could heal almost any injury in the blink of an eye.

Capturing the black knight was perhaps not too difficult for one such as her.

“The soldiers say it wasn’t Rose. They say it was a young boy with

black hair.”

The reply was not what Amila wanted to hear.

“There’s another one? Shit.”

What a nightmare. It was bad enough on the front lines with just Rose

rushing around healing the Llinger forces, but now there was someone else

to deal with?

And they captured the black knight?

It was like having two Roses on the battlefield.

Everyone believed in the overwhelming power of the black knight’s

strength. With the knight captured, the morale of the demon army would

take a huge hit.

“Hyriluk. Call Baljinuk back,” Amila barked.

Hyriluk was controlling Baljinuk from a distance via a magical seal.

“Are you certain?” he asked, shooting Amila a dubious glance.

Amila was going to take the best option available, though it vexed her

to do so.

“Perhaps it would be best if I was out there, but as it stands, we won’t

be able to defend our base with just our soldiers. Commander Siglis still

hasn’t stepped foot on the battlefield either. It is pointless to keep fighting,”

she lamented.

“Indeed. We don’t have the luxury of healing magic, which means

there’s nothing we can do to aid our fallen,” Hyriluk noted.

Healing magic was a magic type unique to humans. Because the

magical properties that allowed for magic differed between the two races,

there were no demons capable of using healing magic. It was unknown

exactly why, but it was a vexing reality for the demons.

“I will take full responsibility,” said Amila. “Your snake will be put to

better use in our next battle, Hyriluk. At present, it will only impede the

retreat of our soldiers. Call it back.”

“Understood. You’re making the right decision. The humans were

simply stronger this time. Hm?!”

“What is it?”

“It’s the heroes . . .”

Hyriluk held his head in his hands. Through the magical seal in front

of him, which showed what the snake Baljinuk could see, there appeared

the two heroes standing side by side.



* * *



In front of us was a giant snake. A monster. The knights’ attacks had

been entirely futile. This was unlike any snake we had ever known, and it

hissed poison gas as it curled up in wait.

But I was strangely unafraid.

“The enemy soldiers are retreating,” I said.

“A little more and it’s all over, then?” Kazuki-kun asked.

“I sure hope so.”

I stared ahead toward the snake, which glared back at us. It bared its

huge fangs and let out a guttural roar in an attempt to intimidate us.

“Looks like the snake is still raring to go,” I said.

“Senpai, we can’t allow it to harm anyone else.”

“I know. That’s why we’re taking it down.”

I took my sword from its scabbard and cast my own magic. Electricity

flowed from my hand into the blade of my sword, imbuing it with a golden

light. Kazuki-kun did likewise, sending light magic into his sword while

also gathering it in his free hand until he had a sphere of light and a blade

ready to dispel evil.

“No more humiliating ourselves in battle,” I said.

“Just like Usato said: smash the demons and go home safe,” said

Kazuki-kun.

Surrounded by light and thunder, Kazuki-kun and I clenched our

swords tight and dashed toward the snake. It was a fearsome enemy, but it

would not stand in our way. Not now. We had something to fight for. We

had a friend awaiting our return, and we had people to protect—people who

had kindly welcomed us into the world they called home.

This was why I wielded my blade!



* * *



I saw a light flashing on the front lines of battle and the figure of a

giant snake.





It looked not unlike the giant snake I’d encountered in the forest. But I

didn’t need to worry about senpai and Kazuki, who were fighting it.

I didn’t need to worry because they were heroes.

If it struggled with the likes of me, it didn’t stand a chance against

them.

“Usato! Ya better not be slacking off!” shouted Tong as he carried

another injured knight into the tent.

“Shut your trap! I’m no slacker!” I shouted back, laying the knight

down on the hemp mats lining the ground.

The tent was packed, so I got to work healing the wounded knight

immediately.

“Ngh, hah . . .” he muttered.

“Are you okay?” I said, putting a hand to the muscly knight’s shoulder,

where he was injured. I could tell by his complexion that it was poison,

probably from the snake out there on the battlefield. Ordinary first aid

magic wouldn’t heal him, but my healing magic could. I closed the wound

quickly, then put my hands to his shoulder and ribs and sent healing magic

rushing through him.

“I’m getting kind of tired,” I said with a sigh.

Come to think of it, I’d been running nonstop. And yeah, it was to help

those fighting on the front lines, but it sure was a lot of footwork. If the old

me could see me now, he probably wouldn’t believe it.

“Ugh, uh . . .” muttered the knight.

He was regaining consciousness now that the poison in his blood was

starting to fade. I knew he’d be fine, so I turned my attention to whom to

help next.

“Y-You’re on the Rescue Team,” the knight said as I stood to my feet.

“You saved me. Thank you.”

“I’m just happy you’re still alive,” I said. “Please rest a little longer.

You’ll need a little time before you can start moving again.”

I looked around for someone to heal. There were so many from the

main force. Looking at them all made me uncomfortable—I didn’t like

seeing so many hurt and in pain.

A huge bolt of lightning and a pillar of light shone from the front lines

of the battle. As they dissipated, I saw the snake, now burned as black as

charcoal. It collapsed on its side.

“Looks like they did it,” muttered Rose, who must have walked up to

me while I was watching.

“Looks like it,” I agreed.

The snake had been keeping the Demon Lord’s army together, but its

fall shook them into disarray, and the remaining soldiers ran for the border

where the river ran through the plains.

“We’re not going after them?” I asked.

“Idiot,” said Rose. “Even if we’ve won this battle, we’re still lacking

in backup support. There’s no need to drag the battle out and make any

unnecessary sacrifices. We’re better off preparing for the next one.”

“So . . . they’ll be back.”

Rose said nothing in reply, only nodded. Then she knelt down and put

a palm to the wounds of a knight who was just then brought to the tent. I

was about to tell her that I would take over and do it for her, but she stopped

me with a hand.

“By saving the heroes in this battle, you paved the way to victory for

us,” she said.

“But if I hadn’t gotten to them, you still would have. Either way, they

would have been saved.”

“No. If you hadn’t gotten to them, they would have died.”

Rose finished healing the knight in seconds, then ran a hand through

her hair and looked at me.

“You saved them,” she said. “Not Siglis and not me. We were able to

end this battle quickly because of you. If we’d screwed up, the heroes

would be dead, and the battle could well have been lost.”

Rose stood to her feet, her gaze firmly on my own.

“You did good, Usato. You did exactly as a Rescue Team member

should.”

Wow, so even Rose is capable of praising people. But what is this? I’m

kind of . . . no, I’m really happy. I don’t know if it makes up for the hell that

I went through to get here, but I feel like all my hard work was worth it.

I was summoned to another world.

Taken away by Rose.

Made friends with a thuggish-looking gang.

Got thrown into a hellscape of a training routine.

Then got thrown into a forest.

Chased bears and met Blurin.

Fought a snake and almost died.

Drifted into the forest with Inukami-senpai.

Met Orga and Ururu.

And then, when the real battle started . . .

“Huh?” I muttered.

My cheeks were wet. I didn’t want to cry, but the tears refused to stop.

I wiped at them with my sleeve, but they just kept flowing from me.

I felt something cover my head. Rose had put the hood of my uniform

over me.

“So you do have a childish side in there,” she said.

“Of course,” I said. “I’m seventeen.”

I realized then that when I first came to this place, I was anxious and

scared. Everything happened so fast that I didn’t even have a chance to

know how I felt. Rose’s words seemed to break the dam of emotions inside

of me.

“It’s so terrifying out there on the battlefield,” I said. “The demons too.

I saw so many out there, just dying. It was so, so hard.”

But I had also made important connections. With Inukami-senpai and

Kazuki. With the king and everyone at the castle. With Rose and her idiot

crew, and with Ururu and Orga. Since I came here, those ties had brought

me happiness. I was just a boring kid in my old world—I didn’t deserve

these blessings.

As magic launched to signal the end of the battle, I looked once more

at Rose.

“I’m glad I met you, and I’m so glad I could help,” I told her.

Rose’s eyes grew wide with surprise, but then she shot me a wry grin,

and there was kindness in her eyes.

“In the past, there were others who said that same thing to me. They’re

little more than memories now, but you are still here. You did good, Usato.

You came back.”

“Thank you!” I replied through the tears.

But I realized then that I’d hit my limit. My legs wobbled underneath

me. I just couldn’t get them to listen to me. As my consciousness began to

fade, I felt Rose grab me by the waist and heft me onto her shoulder.

“Huh?” I muttered.

“All out of magic, and all out of stamina,” she said. “You did the best

you could. Rest now because you’re in for a heck of a time when you wake

up.”

Rose smiled at something that was very amusing to her, but I didn’t

have much time to think about it as I slipped into unconsciousness.

Chapter 3: New Beginnings!





We had earned victory over the Demon Lord’s army. And though the

Llinger forces had suffered their fair share of casualties, I was glad at least

that so many had survived. The work of the Rescue Team had not been in

vain; I could say that much for certain.

However, there had still been much to do after I passed out, and it

hadn’t been easy. The wounded who could not move on their own had to be

helped, discarded weapons had to be gathered so they could not be put to

nefarious use, and a host of other similar tasks had to be seen to once the

battle was over.

Tong told me all of this—complained about it, really—after I woke

from a three-day slumber, so it must have been tough work. Putting aside

Tong himself and his fellow meatheads, Orga and Ururu weren’t

particularly physically strong, so I was really glad to hear that the Rescue

Team members were all okay.

The day after I awoke, Inukami-senpai and Kazuki received medals of

valor from the king, which were awarded in front of the kingdom’s citizens.

I was clapping and thinking about how amazing it was when Rose and I

were called up to the king too.

Huh? Why me?

I was all sorts of confused, but Rose had this wicked grin on her face,

and she slapped me on the back and forced me up toward the king. When I

reached him, the citizens—mostly the knights—let out a tremendous cheer.

I decided the best approach was to bow my way through it all in typical

Japanese fashion until Rose punched me, and then I hobbled over and

received a medal of honor for valiant work in the field.

When I asked what I’d done, I was told the medal represented my

contribution to our victory: the many lives saved, and the successful capture

of an enemy captain.

“Take it,” said Rose. “It’s an honor.”

Her words made me tremble inside.



“It was this whole royal ordeal, Blurin,” I said. “Nothing like I’m used

to.”

Blurin growled in response.

After that, I’d spent the next week living pretty much the way I was

used to, and that brought me to Blurin’s stable, where I told him all about

the last battle. Blue Grizzlies were known for their intelligence, and it was

said that with work, they could even understand human language. With that

in mind, I took it upon myself to talk to Blurin often. Unfortunately, the

grizzly only let out a long yawn like a cow mooing; he showed exactly zero

interest in my story.

“I really should have brought you with me,” I said. “And speaking of

which, you’ve gotta get some exercise. Too much loafing and you’ll forget

your wild roots.”

I slapped the bear lightly on the head until he stood to his feet. I

usually carried Blurin on my back, but I figured it was good sometimes to

make him walk on his own. I’d also been summoned by the king, so I

thought I’d take Blurin along with me for the walk. He was getting bigger

little by little, but if he only ever got fatter, he’d end up just a useless

glutton.

“Let’s go, Blurin,” I said.

The grizzly growled a lazy response and walked alongside me. I

chuckled at the sight of him lumbering along—just another fun part of our

everyday life. We were in high spirits as we headed out, and then I noticed a

figure running toward us from the Rescue Team’s living quarters.

“Usato-kun!”

Ururu ran toward us with a wave. She was a healer, like me, and about

the same age too.

“Hey, Ururu,” I said.

“How are you feeling?”

“Great,” I said. “Slept like a rock.”

“Good to hear! I was so worried about you and Rose, out there on the

front lines of the battle . . . Oh! Hello there, Blurin!”

Ururu gave Blurin a little wave, but the bear simply turned his nose up

at her and looked away. The gesture clearly stung, but she pulled herself

together even as she looked back at me with a twitchy smile.

“Y-You’re going for a walk?”

“No, I was summoned by the king. But I also thought I’d make sure

Blurin got a little exercise.”

Ururu laughed.

“I see,” she said. “Well, if you’re going into town, do be careful.”

“Careful? Careful of what?”

“Well, I shouldn’t leave my brother waiting, so I better get going!”

Weird. It’s like she didn’t want me asking her anything more.

Is something going on in town? Maybe the townsfolk are angry about

all the people I couldn’t save?

Those who were lost in battle had been buried in the kingdom’s

cemetery. I’d been there for the funerals, and I could imagine some people

were upset. If they told me that I wasn’t strong enough, or that I didn’t do

enough, I couldn’t deny it.

If the people of the kingdom were angry or upset, then I would have to

accept it and take it on the chin.



Blurin and I reached the castle gates without issue. The gates were

surrounded by the castle walls and its moat and guarded by two knights in

heavy armor. One of them, the one with red hair, was the gatekeeper, Aruku.

As soon as he saw me, he ran over with a huge smile.

“Sir Usato! How are you feeling?”

“All good. I’m glad to see that you look well too.” I remembered then

that Aruku had watched over and protected Orga and Ururu. “Thanks again

for looking after all of us in the battle.”

“No, no! It’s our job to defend the Rescue Team. All of you are

essential and irreplaceable! If anyone should be saying thanks, it should be

us knights thanking the Rescue Team!”

Aruku bowed deeply. The knight behind him took off his helmet and

followed suit. I was shocked by the sudden gesture. Aruku spoke again, his

head still bowed.

“Because of you and Madam Rose, I—no, we—made it back home

safely.”

“But there were still so many I couldn’t save,” I said.

“Be that as it may, without your efforts, many more never would have

made it home.”

“Oh, but . . . Er . . . Look, please. Raise your heads.”

I wasn’t used to being praised like this. It wasn’t that I wasn’t glad for

it, but I felt flustered in the face of such earnest gratitude. Blurin yawned as

I patted him on the head and looked for the right words.

“I couldn’t have done it on my own,” I said. “There were many times

in that battle that I thought I was a goner, but I was saved by the knights.

We won this battle together.”

Aruku was momentarily stunned by my words but then chuckled and

scratched his head.

“I see. You really are an interesting one, Sir Usato . . . Oh! You must

have business at the castle if you’ve come all this way. We’ll open the gates

immediately!”

“Yeah, business . . . something like that, I think . . .”

The knights sprang into action when they remembered why I was

there. I thanked them. Then Blurin and I walked through the gates into the

huge grounds of the royal kingdom.



Man, it never ceases to amaze me how huge this place is.

I walked along stone-brick paths leading away from the guards to the

entrance to the castle. I left Blurin outside. I knew he’d be fine—he was a

peaceful sort at heart.

After I entered the castle proper, a maid took me to the king. Along the

way, the knights we passed showered me with praise just like Aruku had at

the gates. The maid and I eventually arrived at a hall where the kindly king

was waiting together with Sergio and Commander Siglis.

“Hello there, Usato,” said the king.

“Your Majesty,” I replied.

“I apologize for calling you here so suddenly.”

“It’s no problem whatsoever,” I said. “Um . . . May I ask why you

called me?”

“Yes, about that . . .” said the king, casting a gaze at the commander.

“Siglis.”

“Sire!” said Siglis, taking a step forward. “Usato-sama, do you

remember the enemy you captured?”

“Yes . . .”

He was talking about the black knight, a wielder of heretical dark

magic. She had pushed Inukami-senpai and Kazuki to the literal brink of

death. After the battle was over, I found out that the only reason I’d been

able to take her down was that my healing magic canceled out her own

magic, rendering her armor useless against my punches and kicks. But

when I thought more about it, I realized that only Rose or I could have

handled the black knight—Ururu and Orga just weren’t able to do it through

physical power.

But why are they asking me about the black knight?

Wait, no way—

“She didn’t . . . kill herself, did she?”

It was certainly a plausible scenario. I’d heard of cases where people

taken as prisoners of war feared horrid torture and so chose to take their

own lives. I was certain that Llinger Kingdom wouldn’t resort to torture, but

still, it was possible the black knight hadn’t wanted to find out.

“She did not. To be honest, she’s been surprisingly responsive to our

interrogations.”

“Huh?”

“I know it must come as a surprise,” said Siglis, placing a hand to his

forehead. “It certainly was for me to see it with my own eyes.”

But if she’s so easy to interrogate, why summon me?

“It would seem the black knight isn’t particularly loyal to the Demon

Lord’s army,” said Siglis. “She’s already given us some very useful intel,

though she did so somewhat reluctantly.”

“And it’s not a trap?” I asked.

“Of course, we must take what she says with a grain of salt, but it is

useful to consider all the same.”

That only made sense. The moment she went along with the

interrogation would have been cause for concern and suspicion. But even

after considering Siglis’s words, I still couldn’t work out why I was there.

“So why did you need to summon me?” I asked.

“She insists on meeting you, Usato-sama.”

“WHAT?”

“That’s why we summoned you,” said the king. “To arrange a meeting

with the black knight.”

“Huh? But, your Majesty, all I did was capture her!”

“You make it sound like it was but a simple task. The black knight

easily overpowered our two heroes. Outside of yourself and Rose, nobody

in the kingdom would stand a chance.”

“Er . . .”

The king’s words left me confused. If anything, the black knight held

nothing but enmity for me. And now I had to go and meet her?

I don’t know if I have the guts for this.

“The black knight has said she will provide us with valuable

intelligence if we can meet her one condition: a meeting with you, Usato-

sama.”

I thought I was free from all the fighting for a while . . . Now I’m stuck

in the middle of a whole other mess.

“Has she said what that valuable intelligence is?” I asked.

I had to ask. It was a major responsibility they were asking of me.

“Of course,” said the king. “She has agreed to tell us the magic types

of the commanders of the Demon Lord’s second and third armies, along

with their powers.”

Damn. That’s not just valuable. It’s practically priceless.



* * *



The sound of footsteps echoed as we walked down to the basement. I

was accompanied by Commander Siglis himself and his most trusted guard.

I felt in safe hands.

Except for one thing . . .

“Rest easy, Usato-kun! At the very least, I can be a shield for you!”

For some reason, Inukami-senpai was also tagging along.

“Look, I’m glad you’re aware you don’t stand a chance, but I’m not so

big on the pessimistic attitude . . .”

Don’t get me wrong, I was happy she was worried about me, but to be

honest, I was pretty certain she was only going to make things more

complicated. Meanwhile, Kazuki was somewhere with Celia. That guy was

really making the most of things here. But it made sense that someone like

him got to live the good life. I really hoped he was enjoying it.

“Well, the only ones who can stand up to the black knight are you and

Rose. A shield is the best I can do right now.”

“Healing magic isn’t supposed to be for hurting people though.”

Even when I was fighting the black knight, all I wanted was to render

her unconscious.

Wait a second. My healing magic canceled out the black knight’s

magic, right? That meant she just ate my punches raw, because the two

magics nullified each other.

What if she’s actually badly injured?

I beat the crap out of her because I thought my healing magic was

working the whole time.

“Siglis! Did you use any first aid on the black knight?” I asked.

“No, she’s been in her armor the whole time. Is something the matter?

Is she wounded? She certainly didn’t look as if she was injured.”

“Usato-kun . . .” said Inukami-senpai. She realized what I was

thinking, and her face grew pale.

“This is bad,” I muttered.

Every attack I’d thrown at the black knight had landed flush. No

defenses. And not to brag, but I could break rocks with my punches without

breaking a sweat. Inukami-senpai and I took off down the stairs and deeper

into the basement.



At the bottom of the stairs was a guard. Behind him, the black knight

was crouched in the corner of her cell.

“Sir Usato!” said the guard. “Is something wrong?!”

“Usato?” said the black knight, raising her head at the guard’s voice.

She stood up, looking at us. I smelled traces of blood in the air.

Does she have injuries from the battle?

I didn’t know why, but I just knew I had to help her.

“We meet again, healer,” said the black knight.

“You’re hurt, aren’t you?” I replied.

“I am. But it doesn’t matter,” said the black knight, her voice difficult

to hear through her helmet. “So this is what you call pain, huh?”

I heard something not unlike childish joy in her voice. Inukami-senpai

heard it, too, and grabbed the sleeve of my coat.

“Usato-kun, she’s fascinating. She’s a total masochist and she doesn’t

even know it. But it looks like she’s not nearly at my level when it comes to

personality.”

“Could you please shut up for a second?”

Also, it’s not like the two of you are in some competition.

I took a deep breath and faced the black knight again.

“Why did you want to see me?” I asked.

“I wanted to see the man responsible for putting me here,” she said,

then flinched and chuckled. “Ow, that kind of stings. It hurts to move.”

The black knight put a hand to her side and wobbled on her feet.

Ugh, she’s just like Inukami-senpai. They’re both twisted.

“Pass me the key, please,” I said to the guard.

“Are you sure, Sir Usato?”

“Usato-kun?!” said Inukami-senpai.

As a member of the Rescue Team, I could not stand by and do nothing

when I saw somebody in pain. Inukami-senpai’s face flinched as she tried to

hold me back, but she simply wasn’t strong enough. I shrugged her off and

walked toward the guard, just as Siglis arrived.

“What is the meaning of this?” he asked.



* * *



I watched the healer that was outside of my cage. The female hero

tried to hold him back, and then a huge knight pointed at me and shouted

something with one heck of a stern look on his face.

Whatever. It had nothing to do with me. I ignored them. I felt that

strange sensation assault my body again. I sighed as it pulsed in my

stomach.

What is this strange sensation?

As a demon, I was both resilient and quick to heal. But even with that,

and even though I had my impenetrable armor protecting me, I had still

gotten hurt. I’d never been hurt like this. Not ever. I guessed this was what

people called “being in severe pain.”

I touched the parts of me that ached and I turned my gaze once more

on the healer.

Healing magic. It was a rare magic that only appeared in humans. Its

power was as simple and straightforward as its name suggested. I had heard

by listening to my guards that this particular healer was Rose’s student. She

was the one the third army commander was so concerned about.

I had always looked down on healers, and for that, I had paid a

tremendous price. Who would have thought it would break through my dark

magic?

It was you. You’re the one who hurt me.

The one who gave me this pain. This defeat.

I—

“I’m coming inside.”

The cage door opened with a clank as the healer stepped into my cell.

“What now? Torture?” I asked.

“Put out your hand.”

“Huh? Why?”

“I said put out your hand!”

“Eep!”

My hand was out before I realized it.

So the Llinger Kingdom’s healers have learned to utilize the power of a

murderous glare, then.

In that single instant, the calm, merciful look on the healer’s face had

morphed into that of a monster. I was used to being berated and shouted at,

but this was a moment of true fear.

“Why would they just leave you like this?” he asked. “Oh, wait. I’m

the one who did it, aren’t I?”

The healer gently took my hand. His own lit up with the light of

healing magic. I felt it wrap around my hand. My body accepted it through

our connected hands.

“What are you doing?!” I demanded.

The warm light wrapped around my hand, then spread to my shoulder,

my head, my chest, and my back.

“I’m healing you.”

“I don’t need your healing!”

I tried to shake him off, but his grip, though gentle, was like a vise. It

wouldn’t budge. The healer raised his other hand to my left cheek, where

he’d hit me during our fight.

“I would feel utterly horrible if you were to die on me,” he said. “I

don’t want that hanging over my head. So shut up and let me heal you.”

The magic passed through my helmet and his hand touched my face. It

was unbelievably warm. Until now, I hadn’t let anyone touch me, not even

my parents. But for some reason, I found myself placing my hand upon the

healer’s own.

“Usato-kun!” shouted the hero outside the cage.

“It’s fine . . . probably,” said the healer.

“Probably?!”

I didn’t know how to express the feelings that welled inside of me. The

healing light that enveloped me, the warm touch so different from a

demon’s—all of it was unknown to me, and yet I pined for it.

I let out a sigh as the hand on my cheek relaxed, and the healing magic

surrounding me dissipated. The pain that once wracked my body was gone

within seconds.

And yet I did not release my grip upon the healer’s hand. A suspicious

expression grew upon the face of the healer.

“Uh, maybe let go of me, please?” he asked. “I’m kind of scared now.”

“Just a little longer . . .”

“Huh?”

“Touch me, please, just a little longer.”

His hand, touching my cheek. It’s wet.

No, not his hand. My other cheek is wet too.

I didn’t understand. I reached up and touched my cheek, my helmet

disappearing as I did so. The healer let out an exasperated sigh.

“How am I supposed to say no when you go crying on me like that?”




Ah, that’s what it is. I’m crying.

Through my wavering gaze, I saw the awkward look upon the face of

the healer, and I felt that I was seeing a “human” for the first time. I had

seen him and everyone in this world as pointless. Without value. But

warmth now bloomed at the bottom of my heart.

It would not be long before I understood that sensation to be kindness.

I no longer cared if the person in front of me was friend or foe. It didn’t

matter—I just did not want to let go of the feeling.

And so I clung to the hand at my cheek with everything I had.



* * *



The black knight—or, more accurately, the silver-haired girl—gave us

the intelligence she promised. I don’t know if she was satisfied at having

finally spoken to me, but I was at least glad that I could help out.

Once I finished reporting to the king, I left the castle. For some reason,

Inukami-senpai decided to tag along.

Doesn’t she have anything better to do?

Just as I was thinking this and other similar thoughts, Inukami-senpai

turned to me. A smile rose to her face.

“A new challenger appears, and one from among the enemy, no less.

Guess I shouldn’t expect anything less from the man I’ve got my eyes on!”

“Do you always have to talk so crazy?”

I don’t know where or how you saw a challenger in any of that.

I mean, we’re talking about the same black knight, right?

“All I did was my job,” I said. “And besides, girls don’t go for guys

like me anyway.”

“You can’t say that!”

“And why not?”

“Is there not a challenger standing right in front of your eyes?!”

A moment of silence passed between the two of us.

“Anyway, I know she’s the enemy and all,” I said, “but I think I might

have gone a little too far in that last battle.”

“Wait. Did you just ignore me?”

The answer was yes. I did what I could to ignore senpai and thought of

the black knight. When I’d first seen her on the battlefield, I’d thought she

was young, but I’d never thought we’d be around the same age. Siglis and

the knights were shocked to find there was a young girl inside that

terrifying suit of armor.

“Just to be clear, you shouldn’t just go touching a girl’s face like that,

even if it’s for healing,” said Inukami-senpai.

“But I mean . . . I literally punched her lights out, you know? I mean,

to put it into perspective, it was comparable to flatlining that giant snake

you and Kazuki fought.”

“Oh, okay . . . I can sympathize with that.”

There was no real getting around it on the battlefield, but now she was

a prisoner. And now that she was answering our questions, it was getting

harder to see her as an enemy. The last thing I wanted to do was beat on

someone like that and just let them die.

Then again, when Inukami-senpai and Kazuki had been hurt, I just

snapped.

“In that fight, I was just pure rage. I thought she’d killed you and

Kazuki. I’m just so glad that the two of you are alive.”

Senpai laughed.

“You really know how to make a friend happy when you talk like

that,” she said, patting me on the shoulder.

As we left the castle, I heard heavy stomps coming from the training

grounds, and then a blue shape leaped at me with a gruff roar.

“Wha?!”

At the same time as I gasped in momentary shock, I caught the giant

blue Blurin in my arms and placed him on the floor. Then we went on

walking together.

Inukami-senpai was frozen in place, her jaw hanging low.

“Something wrong?” I asked.

“Wait, wait, wait, what?! Who wouldn’t be surprised at a guy just

catching a flying grizzly?!”

“Oh, that. I’m used to it, that’s all. Are you coming to town or what?”

I was used to people being surprised by Blurin, so I didn’t think

anything of it. Blurin let out a little grumble.

“Sometimes I feel like I don’t even know you anymore, Usato-kun,”

muttered Inukami-senpai.

For whatever reason, since the last battle, I’d felt odd. Fidgety. Like I

couldn’t sit still. So I started doing push-ups. But because it was the middle

of the night, Rose chewed me out and kicked me as hard as she could. But I

guess, all things considered, I was the one in the wrong for working out so

late.

“But at least Blurin’s still as cute as always!” I said.

Inukami reached out a hand to pet the grizzly but was met with a growl

and a swift dodge out of the way.

Why won’t he let her pat him? He’s mostly okay with me doing it . . .

Perhaps you have to gain his trust first?

“If you’re heading out,” I said, “perhaps it’s better to wear a disguise.”

“That goes for you too. To the people of this country—well, no, to us

—you’re a hero.”

But even if I put my hood up, everyone would recognize me the

moment they saw Blurin, so I decided not to worry about the disguise.

“So you’re heading into town too, Usato-kun?” asked Inukami-senpai.

“Yep. I saw Ururu before heading to the castle, but I wanted to drop by

and say hello to Orga too.”

“You’re both healers, after all,” she said.

“Right. Orga is different to me. He’s not physically strong, but his

healing magic is levels above my own.”

“Really . . .”

I’d heard that, just like me, Orga had collapsed at the end of the battle

too. He’d woken up much sooner than I had, but all the same, I was still

worried about him. I mean, I knew he’d be fine because he had Ururu, but I

still wanted to drop by.



“Hm?”

“What’s up?” asked senpai.

There was a girl with blonde hair at the entrance to town. In this world,

there were all sorts of hair colors, so that on its own wasn’t surprising. But

the moment I saw it, the corners of my mouth curled into a grin. The girl

was facing away from us, but I could still clearly see the triangular ears

poking up from her head.

I took off after her immediately.

“Got you!” I shouted.

“Usato-kun?!” cried senpai.

I hit the ground so fast I covered the distance between us in seconds.

The beastkin girl turned as if she was expecting me. I grabbed her under the

arms and lifted her up into the air.

“You have some explaining to do!” I shouted.

This was the girl who had shown me the vision of Inukami-senpai and

Kazuki being killed. Her eyes grew wide when she looked at my face. She

mumbled for a time before she finally spoke, her voice clear.

“Healer, you’re alive. In which case, you can return my favor.”

“What?”

I heard senpai and Blurin catching up to me. I looked at the beastkin

girl, who stared back at me, expressionless. As our eyes met, her face grew

troubled.

“Please, save my mother,” she said.



* * *



Save my mother.

That was what the beastkin girl asked of me.

The paying back of a favor, she called it. The favor, I guess, meant her

showing me the vision that allowed me to save Inukami-senpai and Kazuki.

And to be fair, if I’d never seen the vision, there was every chance that the

heroes would have fallen, and Llinger Kingdom would have lost to the

Demon Lord’s army.

So I took the beastkin girl—along with Blurin and Inukami-senpai—

back to the Rescue Team living quarters. At least at the quarters there was

no chance of anyone around town overhearing our conversation. So if we

discussed anything that needed to be kept secret, there was nowhere better.

After I took Blurin back to his stable, I sat the beastkin girl down at the

food hall table, where Inukami-senpai and I sat across from her.

“Okay,” I said. “Let’s talk.”

“Hey, Usato-kun, I don’t have any idea what you guys have been

talking about. And more importantly, who’s this girl with the fox ears?

She’s adorable. Can I pet her?” Inukami-senpai asked.

“You’re the only person I can rely on,” said the girl.

“Me? Only me?” I asked.

“Am I invisible? Do you enjoy torturing me, Usato-kun? Well, that’s

fine. As long as I’m allowed to sit here enjoying this whole thing, that’s

exactly what I’m going to do,” Inukami-senpai went on.

Just how much attention do you need, girl?

I gave the sulking Inukami-senpai a brief rundown of recent events,

then thought about what the beastkin had just said. What did she mean that I

was the only person she could rely on? If it was a healer she wanted, she

could have easily gone to Orga or Ururu at their infirmary.

“I’m Amako,” said the girl, introducing herself. “As you can see, I’m a

fox beastkin. I know you already: you’re the weird healer, Usato.”

“Yeah, okay,” I said, “so I’m well aware I haven’t been using the

power normally, but . . . whatever. There’s so much I want to ask you.

Firstly, why did you show me that premonition?”

The premonition was where it all started—the vision of Inukami-

senpai and Kazuki dead. The girl was silent for a moment as she glanced

worriedly at Inukami-senpai. Then she seemed to make up her mind. She

turned back to me and started speaking.

“If I didn’t, this kingdom would be done for. The heroes would have

died, the kingdom would have fallen, and the country would be decimated

—everything would be gone.”

“What do you think?” I asked senpai.

“She might be right,” she replied. “If you hadn’t come when you did,

Kazuki and I would be dead. And I don’t mean to brag, but the Llinger

forces would never have been able to push back the Demon Lord’s army

without us.”

So things really had come right down to the wire.

Does that mean that I changed the kingdom’s fate by doing what I did?

I had been made a pivotal point of history and I didn’t even know it. And if

this beastkin hadn’t shown me that premonition, the people of the kingdom,

they’d all be . . .

My hands trembled just thinking about it.

“There are people here who look after me,” said Amako, “and more

than anything else, I couldn’t lose you—not when I’d finally found you.”

Finally found me?

Something about those words stuck in my mind.

“What exactly was it that you showed me? It wasn’t an illusion, was

it?”

Amako hesitated for a moment before speaking.

“I . . . my magic allows me to see the future,” she said.

“Prescience, huh? I guess there’s a magic for everything,” I stated

flatly.

I’d thought she had that kind of power, and her story proved it. Still,

reading the future felt much more like a superpower than it did a magic

type.

“I first saw the Llinger Kingdom fall in battle one year ago. So I

started looking for a healer before the battle started. I was looking for

someone who could heal any illness or injury.”

“If you knew the kingdom was going to fall, why not leave?” asked

senpai. “I know it’s weird for me to ask, seeing as you saved my life, but

wouldn’t you have been better off running somewhere safer?”

“Senpai, the beastkin are often targeted outside of the kingdom,” I

said. “She probably couldn’t leave even if she’d wanted to.”

Amako nodded at my words.

“This was the only place that was safe,” she said. “That is the extent to

which the beastkin are persecuted.”

It was very likely that this girl had been through terrifying ordeals just

to get to the kingdom in the first place. Even if she could see the future, she

was still a mostly powerless child otherwise.

“I came from the country of the beastkin,” said Amako. “The

Beastlands.”

“That’s . . . quite the distance,” said Inukami-senpai.

“How far is it from the Llinger Kingdom?” I asked.

“Way too far for such a young child to travel alone.”

Based on senpai’s serious expression, I could tell it was no short

distance.

“It wasn’t hard on you?” I asked.

“I didn’t think it so, because I focused on saving my mother.”

“Your mother . . . is she sick?”

“They say she can’t be healed normally. She won’t wake up.”

And so she needed a healer.

“Beastkin can’t become healers. That magic is for humans only. But no

matter where I went, there were no humans who could heal my mother.

Nobody would help me because I’m a beastkin.”

“Racial discrimination,” muttered Inukami-senpai.

But I was thinking about something entirely different. Amako had been

to a number of different countries in search of a healer. I had to imagine her

magical powers of prescience helped her out of a few tight spots too. With

such a powerful and convenient magic at her disposal, why would the

beastkin even let her out of the country in the first place?

Amako went on.

“I found only three healers in this country, and I saw only two of them

in futures where my mother and I were saved.”

“And those three were Orga, Ururu, and the Rescue Team captain?”

“Yes. But when I got here, things didn’t work out.”

“How so?”

“The two people at the infirmary can’t fight. The other one, the scary

person, she listened to my story, but she wouldn’t come with me.”

“Oh . . .”

I could see that. Neither Ururu nor Orga had the strength and stamina

for a long journey. Rose, on the other hand, was the leader of a small

organization. She couldn’t just pick up and leave whenever she wanted,

though I could also picture her hearing the story and being like, “Yeah,

right. What a cock-and-bull story.’”

“And that’s where I come into the picture,” I said.

“You’re the one who could come with me. I knew it the moment I saw

you. You could change the future of the kingdom and save my mother.

That’s why I showed you the vision.”

“Is it easy for you to show other people the future?” I asked. “That was

one heck of a headache.”

It was so bad I thought my head was going to split open.

“It takes a lot of magic power for me to show people my visions. After

I showed you, I slept for three days and three nights.”

So that explained why I couldn’t find her after the first vision. Still,

she was responsible for saving senpai and Kazuki. And not just them, but

the citizens of the kingdom too. I wanted to help her out, but this was

getting to be a much bigger problem than I thought. According to Rose, the

beastkin didn’t take kindly to humans. And until we knew who this girl was

to the Beastlands, I didn’t want to do anything rash.

“Well, let’s talk to the king, yeah?” I said. “We’ll have to explain it to

him, so will you come with me?”

“To see the king? Me?”

“I don’t think he’ll mind.”

Of course, he was royalty—we’d need to make an appointment. I’d

have to go through Rose to get it.

“Okay,” I said. “Let’s start with the Rescue Team captain. You can stay

here with Inukami-senpai. And if she tries anything weird, you just shout

for me, okay?”

“Usato-kun, really. Who do you think I am?” Inukami-senpai

grumbled.

A girl who doesn’t know how to sit still.

I glanced at senpai as I headed for the captain’s office.

Rose is usually in her office around this time. The question is, how do I

explain this to her?



* * *



Usato-kun looked a little worn out as he left the food hall. It was just

me and the fox beastkin, Amako, who was sitting up nice and neatly in her

chair. I rested my head on my hands and looked at her. She was fidgety and

a little awkward.

. . .

And so cute.

So unbearably cute.

She’s like a doll. I can’t believe it.

She’s a real live fox girl. She has the ears.

And the tail!

I wonder if she’ll let me touch it.

Wait. Wait. Can’t do that. Nope.

Almost lost my cool for a second there.

Phew.

First things first, let’s summarize what she told us.

We knew that the girl had come from the Beastlands, and it had been

anything but an easy journey. We also knew that her mother was sick, and

she wanted Usato-kun to heal her. So she showed him a vision of the future

in which I died and then he changed history and saved the kingdom from

destruction. As repayment, she was calling in a favor.

The first thing I thought was how oddly roundabout the whole setup

was.

“Couldn’t you have just asked Usato-kun for his help? Why bring in

the favor?” I asked.

“Before I came here, I would have. But then I met the Llinger people.

That changed things.”

“Ah, okay . . .”

The Llinger Kingdom, ruled over by King Lloyd, was almost

perplexing in terms of its peacefulness. It was a unique nation where

everyone was kind and discrimination didn’t exist. Amako had probably

come here expecting everyone to be her enemy and then found out that

wasn’t the case.

“This place is even kinder than my own hometown. Everyone treats

each other as equals . . . but because my mother is in such pain . . . I need to

take Usato to her.”

The girl strung the words together little by little. She was missing the

clarity she had when she spoke with Usato-kun . . . Probably she was still

frightened of me.

This girl, she doesn’t trust me yet.

“When I first saw Usato, I couldn’t believe it,” Amako said. “He didn’t

look like the kind of person who could save the kingdom from destruction.”

“Just how does your magic work, anyway? There have to be limits to

your ability to see the future, right?”

That said, I already knew it was powerful—Amako had seen us lose

the battle against the Demon Lord’s army a whole year ago.

“It’s very vague and unclear. I usually can’t see more than the near

future. But when I sleep, I can see further—sometimes half a year,

sometimes a year. And for people who have the power to change it, I see

two futures. And I can show the future only to the people who can choose a

different path.”

“So that’s why you could show Usato us dying, and he could stop that

from happening. Is prescience a common magic among the beastkin?”

“It’s connected to my bloodline.”

“Your bloodline?”

“My family is particularly skilled at reading the flow of time. My

mother had prescience magic also, but she said mine is the most powerful

the family has ever seen.”

The beastkin must be pulling their hair out looking for Amako right

now.

I had the strong sense that things were about to get very complicated.

Probably the whole reason Rose had shut her down was that her vision had

something to do with her standing in the Beastlands.

And if she brought Rose her story while the captain was preparing for

the Demon Lord’s attempted invasion, of course the woman was going to

shut her down.

“In any case, it’s Usato-kun’s call now.”

And he wasn’t the type to shut anyone down.



* * *



“Let me get this straight,” said Rose with an annoyed sigh. “A fox

beastkin says her mommy is sick, and she wants you to go heal her?”

“In short, yes.”

Rose sat in a wooden chair in her neatly organized office.

“You’ve brought me one heck of a problem, that’s for sure. The

beastkin all look the same to me, but you bring me a time-reading princess?

Get the heck out of here.”

“Time-reading . . . princess?”

That really did sound like one heck of a problem.

“Some beastkin have a rare magic known widely as time-reading

magic. Beastkin with this magic play an important role—they see disasters

coming, and they warn everyone of them. If a girl like that is here, in the

Llinger Kingdom, it may cause the Beastlands to take a hostile stance

against us. I mean, they already don’t think much of us as it is.”

“Even now, while the Demon Lord’s army might invade at any

moment?” I asked.

“Well, the beastkin hate us more than they hate the demons.”

I’d had a feeling that Amako was something special to her people, but

I hadn’t imagined this. I was glad I brought the topic to Rose first. Who

knows what trouble I’d have gotten in if I’d just gone galivanting outside of

the kingdom?

“What’s your opinion on it all, Captain?” I asked.

“I want to flat out say no, but I can’t make that decision without

conferring with King Lloyd. The thing is . . . we won’t be able to see him

for a few days because he’s arranging for a way to bring in the support of

other countries.

A few days? What am I supposed to do until then?

Should I ask Amako for more details, or should I start training to

prepare?

“In the meantime, you’ll be training,” said Rose, answering my

internal monologue for me. “Even if King Lloyd does let you go to the

Beastlands, as it stands, you’ll have a hard enough time just looking after

yourself. So I’ll toughen you up. I don’t expect us to see many folks in need

of healing anyway.”

“I mean, I don’t really mind, but . . .”

The fact that I didn’t react with revulsion made me wonder if maybe I

was pretty used to this treatment.

Wait a sec. Was I getting used to it? Wouldn’t being used to this kind of

abuse make me a grade-A masochist?

I felt some self-disgust rising up in me at just how accustomed I was to

Rose’s “training,” but then I remembered I was in her office and kept

myself in check. I didn’t want her getting mad at me here.

“In that case,” I said, going on, “I’ll let senpai and Amako know.

They’re still waiting downstairs.”

Rose grunted. I gave a brisk salute, then headed downstairs.



Once back at the food hall, I spotted Inukami-senpai doing her utmost

to engage Amako in conversation.

I glanced at Amako. She had a head of golden hair with a natural luster

to it that was clearly different from dyed hair, and she was about a head
