“You have my thanks.”

So he said, but really I was the one who should have been thankful.

“As for the countries you will be delivering the letters to . . . Alphie, if

you would be so kind as to aid Usato.”

The girl named Alphie wore the clothes of a scholar, and her hair was

braided.

“As you wish, Your Majesty!” she said. “Usato-sama, Amako-sama,

please follow me.”

That’s the girl who winked at me!

Amako and I bowed to the king and the others, then followed Alphie

out of the hall and into a corridor. She walked with a joyous, energetic gait,

and she looked very excited as she turned to speak to us.

“This is the first time we’ve met, I believe. I’m Alphie. I’m a scholar

in service to the nation. Well, ‘scholar’is a cover-all term for the wide range

of research and study I do. Put simply, I gather documentation related to the

kingdom’s development and I write reports with suggestions for His

Majesty. Think of it as knowledge in case of an emergency. I don’t mind

much if you basically think I’m boring or have too much time on my hands.

Anyway, I’d like to give you some information today on the countries

you’ll be visiting to deliver your letters. It won’t be particularly difficult.

All the places have roads leading to them, so as long as you’re careful about

monsters and bandits and that kind of thing, you should be done within a

few months.”

“Usato,” said Amako. “This person talks, like, a lot.”

Weird, I was thinking exactly the same thing.

Alphie smiled at Amako, having just given us the entire rundown of

what to expect, and then walked off down the corridor.

So this is the person who will teach us all about the geography of the

nations that we’re delivering letters to.

Alphie led us to a corner of the castle I’d never been to before. She

stopped in front of a wooden door in a place without many windows and

turned to us with a smile.

“Here we are,” she said, pointing at the door. “This is technically my

private room, but please come in!”

“Okay,” I said.

We walked inside to find a room packed full of piles of paper and

stacks of books that almost reached the ceiling. It was amazing. Alphie led

the way, brushing aside books and documents as if clearing a path for us.

Then she readied a table and some chairs.

Amako and I took a seat, still a little confused, while Alphie rifled

through her bookshelf.

“Okay . . . maps, maps, maps . . .” she said, taking a big book from the

shelf and brushing the dust from it. “Here we are. Yes, allow me to

explain.”

Alphie took a big map from the book and opened it on the table.

“This is where we live, the Llinger Kingdom,” she explained, “and as

you can see, we’re the closest nation to the Demon Lord’s territory.”

Alphie pointed to a location not far from the big green area that must

have been the plains where we’d fought not long ago. Around it was a forest

and some small villages, but no large nations.

“The area the Demon Lord controls is on the other side of the river,

which is on the other side of the plains. The demons crossed that river to get

to us.”

“Ah, okay . . .” I mumbled.

“Oh, and before I forget: you and the heroes will be going to the same

place first.”

“Really?”

If we have different letters to send, shouldn’t we be taking different

routes?

“I know what you’re thinking. However, going directly from the

kingdom would require you to take some pretty rugged routes, so it’s best to

take the slightly longer way around. Your actual delivery journeys will start

from here: the wizardry city of Luqvist.”

Wizardry? I guess that must mean the nation knows its way around

magic.

“Now of course, you’ll be delivering a letter to Luqvist too. When it

comes to magic, Luqvist is where the young compete to be the greatest

mages in the whole continent. That said, I’d like you to be careful, Usato—

the location is known for harsh discrimination based on magic type. Seeing

as you’ve trained under Rose, we’re concerned that you might punch, kick,

or throw some of the students all over the place.”

Alphie giggled mischievously. Amako joined her. I didn’t think it was

funny in the slightest.

“Talk about hitting a guy where it hurts. I’m not that kind of monster,”

I said.

“I thought it was very funny,” Amako said.

Such a wide grin. Does she think I’m a joke?

I’m a human. I’m not like Rose. I’m not strong enough to send people

flying like pinballs. I’m not so beastly I’ll wake up the unconscious and

force them to go jogging.

It was weird to me that people would think me and Rose were the

same just because we were both on the Rescue Team.

“The fact you can call Rose a monster means you are exactly the sort

of person I’ve heard about. In any case, after your trip to Luqvist, you’ll

have to deliver three more letters,” Alphie went on.

“So including the Beastlands, that makes four?” I asked.

“No, I’ve included the Beastlands. Your end goal is Mialark, which is

here.”

Alphie pointed to a huge circular shape in a massive river, which had

the stamp of a country on it.

Wow, that’s a long way from Llinger Kingdom.

“You’ll deliver a letter to the queen here, as well as delivering a letter

to the Prayerlands of Samariarl.”

“Samariarl . . .”

Amako trembled at the mere mention of the name, and her tail stood

on end.

Did something happen there? I have a bad feeling about this.

“It’s the country most likely to offer us their support, but they don’t

take very kindly to demi-humans.”

“Heavily discriminatory, you mean?” I asked.

“That’s correct. So upon entering this country, Amako, you’ll have to

be very careful. You should be fine in the country itself, but Usato, I don’t

think it’s wise to take her for your audience with the king. I know it’s going

to be uncomfortable, but the heroes are going in a completely different

direction from the Beastlands.”

“You don’t have to apologize,” I said. “I’m happy you’re helping us.”

The Prayerlands, huh? Sounds like they might be fervently religious. I

hope we’ll be okay. I don’t really believe in God much myself, so I doubt I’ll

be affected. Still, if the king of the place is anti-demi-human to the nth

degree and he finds out about Amako, we could be looking at big trouble.

“This is way less than I expected,” I said. “Just three letters? Really?”

“We can’t afford to spend too much time on this task,” she went on.

“We’ve entrusted the appropriate knights with delivering letters to other

countries. The heroes and you are delivering letters to the nations that are

uniquely challenging—they are not likely to easily offer their services.

However, if we are not successful in convincing them, fighting the Demon

Lord may well prove impossible.”

I had no words.

“That is why the Llinger Kingdom is sending our nation’s most

powerful—the heroes, and you. We intend to show them we are determined,

resolute, and honest in our request for support.”

Pressure, much? This responsibility weighs a ton.

“I don’t know how much of that I can show them just by visiting their

home,” I said.

“That depends largely on you and your actions. Though you may not

have noticed, here in the kingdom, everyone knows who you are. The

Rescue Team has saved countless lives. Don’t you think it’s likely that

stories of your efforts have reached these other nations? Whether they

believe them, however, is another thing entirely.”

“I’m not all that thrilled to be famous, honestly,” I stated.

My shoulders drooped and I let out a sigh.

I sure hope those stories haven’t wandered off into the unbelievable.

But I guess I’ll cross that bridge when I get to it.

“Now, as for the Beastlands . . . unfortunately, our knowledge of the

place is still very limited. All we know for certain is that you get there by

boat from Mialark.”

“That’s fine,” said Amako. “I can explain the rest to Usato.”

“Well then, that’s a relief,” replied Alphie. “The country keeps itself

closed off from others, and our only documents are very old.”

That wasn’t particularly surprising. We were talking about a country of

people that had been discriminated against, hated, and suffered terribly as a

result. Why would they even want to be friendly? Relations were bound to

be poor.

“How big will our traveling party be?” I asked.

“We’d like to keep things small scale, so we’re thinking around five. It

might be better for you to travel with less, Usato—you’re used to running in

and around battlefields, so it may be harder for you if the group is too large

and unwieldy.”

“Well, uh . . . I guess so . . .” I stuttered.

But actually, she’d nailed it. It was like she could read my thoughts.

“I’ve already mentioned that you’ll be traveling with the heroes, but

your final destination—the Beastlands—is an especially sensitive location.

In recent years there have been problems regarding slavery and

discrimination. If Amako is seen in the company of battle-hardened heroes,

they may be attacked on sight. With that in mind, it would be best to focus

the party on you, with only one or two knights as accompaniment.”

“I’ll be fine as long as I have people with me who have enough

common sense and knowledge,” I said. “But I can see how muscling into

the Beastlands with a large group would put everyone on edge.”

Amako nodded in agreement. It seemed we were approaching things

from the right direction.

That leaves the question of who to bring along with us. Ideally

someone who can stand up to bandits and danger along the way. Ah-ha.

Now there’s someone we can trust.

“Uh . . . about our traveling partners. How about Aruku?” I asked.

“Aruku . . . Ah! You mean the guard! I see, I see. And he is more

worldly than he appears. . . Yes. You’ve got sharp eyes, Usato-sama!”

Alphie exclaimed.

The red-haired Aruku wasn’t just cool and a good guard; he could

handle himself around danger too, and he was trustworthy—he’d been

essential to the protection of the Rescue Team in our last battle.

That, and he was smart.

“Once we’re done here, I’ll talk to him. I’m sure he’d be happy to

help. Well, I think that’s everything I needed to explain . . . Oh, I almost

forgot. I need to tell you about what happens after you visit the Beastlands.”

“Afterwards? Oh, right, because we still have to come home once

we’re done,” I said.

I’d been too wrapped up in thoughts of just getting to our destination.

“Coming home should be rather straightforward and simple. You’ll

come back here by way of Luqvist. Delivering the letter there on your way

back is also an option, but we’d prefer not to put that burden on you.”

“I guess the route home is going to be pretty uneventful then,” I

muttered.

At the very least, it seems like coming back will be . . . easier? That

said, we still don’t have any idea how successful we’ll be at actually seeing

our duties through.

With our discussion complete, Alphie excused herself to head to King

Lloyd to deliver her report. She said we were done for the day and could

return home, so that was exactly what we decided to do.

I would have liked to talk with Inukami-senpai and Kazuki, but I

figured they had their own journeys to think about, so I decided to save that

for another day. And besides, we wouldn’t be departing for another two

weeks, so there was plenty of time.

“Well, let’s head home, Amako. I’ll walk you to your house.”

“Thanks.”

I matched Amako’s pace and we started walking. Our destinations

were now official—we’d deliver three letters and help Amako’s mother.

“So first up, we’re heading to Luqvist,” I said. “I wonder what kind of

place it is.”

“I’ve been there before.”

“Oh, really? What sort of place is it?”

No harm in having a little foreknowledge before we get there.

Amako stopped for a moment at my question, then took off walking

again.

“There’s a school where they teach magic, and there are more kids

than there are adults.”

Wow, more kids, huh? As soon as I heard the word “mage,” I figured it

would be a bunch of grandpas researching magic. I’d imagined old men

with long beards silently rummaging through books and studying various

magic. But when I heard about the kids, I wondered if it worked as a place

to raise and educate young people about my age.

“I’m guessing that because it’s a place of wizardry, there are lots of

people who know magic, right?” I asked.

“Right. People come from across the continent, and there are mages of

all different magical types. That, and . . .” Amako stopped for a moment and

pointed at my face. “There’s a healer there too.”

“Oh, so there’s one in Luqvist, huh?”

A healer that didn’t belong to the Rescue Team.

I wonder what sort of person this healer is? Maybe the healer uses a

different healing magic than Rose and me. At least it’s one more thing to

look forward to!

“I wouldn’t get too excited,” said Amako. “Healing magic isn’t valued

very highly there, so it’s probably not what you’re imagining.”

And it was true that healers only had access to healing—a magic that

lacked any kind of skill. That, and first aid magic was a general magic spell

already used in emergencies. Why even bother relying on healing magic

when there was a simpler magic available? Maybe in Luqvist, healers were

ashamed of their magic.

“You were looking for healers before, right? Does that mean you met

the healer in Luqvist?” I asked.

“Yes. We talked in my precognitive vision.”

That didn’t make things sound very promising. I prodded Amako a

little, and after some hesitation, she opened up.

“When I talked to him in my precognitive vision, I knew right away . .

.”

“You knew what?”

“He couldn’t help me, and I couldn’t help him. What he’s wrapped up

in is not an easy matter to solve, and he no longer trusts anyone.”

I wonder if that’s why she told me not to get excited.

Whatever the case, I decided I probably shouldn’t pry any further.

“Well, thanks for the info, anyway,” I said. “Let’s get going.”

“Okay.”

The healer of Luqvist sounded like he came with some baggage, but all

the same, I wanted to meet him. First, however, I had to report to Rose.



* * *



“. . . and that’s everything,” I said.

“Hm.”

After seeing Amako home safe, I returned to the training grounds,

where Rose was watching over Felm’s training.

“They’ve got you going to some really troublesome places, huh?” she

said. “Meh. You’ll be fine.”

“You sound awfully optimistic.”

“Do I?” said Rose, grinning. “Why? You worried?”

I let out a defeated sigh.

“Well, not as worried as when I first came here and had to go through

training with you.”

“Ha! Well said.”

Underneath Rose and her cackling, Felm was struggling through push-

ups.

“Ex . . . Excuse me . . . I . . . exist, you know . . .” she muttered.

I scratched my cheek as I watched her. It brought back memories of

when I first came here. I felt myself getting all nostalgic.

“Keep at it,” I said. “It was harsher than this when I went through it.”

“Huh?!” Felm spat. “If you did it, then I am more than capable of

doing it!”

She gritted her teeth and she pushed herself through more push-ups.

Rose ran a hand through her hair, unimpressed.

“I’ll be taking her to the forest soon, so look after the place while I’m

gone,” she said.

“Bit early, don’t you think?” I asked.

“This one’s always trying to make things easy on herself. Gonna have

to take her somewhere where she can’t and knock that bad habit out of her.”

So the monster’s going to force the laziness from Felm’s personality,

huh?

“I guess however long it takes, it’s something everyone goes through,”

I said.

“Your time was special. This one doesn’t have enough guts, so I’m

going to leave her there right until the limit.”

Felm was so focused on her push-ups that she couldn’t hear us, so she

didn’t know that come tomorrow, she would know true hell. But I was at

least relieved to know she wouldn’t have to go through quite as awful of an

experience as I went through . . . probably.

Felm let out a series of strange grunts. She’d overworked herself and

she crumpled to the ground. Rose had gone from sitting in a chair to sitting

on a mattress.

“Tch. Again?!” she shouted. “How many times now?! Get up! Now

you have to do another five hundred, you useless loafer!”

Felm groaned something unintelligible.

“No matter how many times she does it, she always goes too far,”

Rose said, standing up. Then, while Felm’s shoulders were still trembling,

Rose sent healing magic to Felm’s feet and kicked the girl, shouting at her

the whole time.

I expected tears to follow soon, so I silently left the training grounds. I

didn’t want to get pulled into it. I didn’t mind going along with training, but

Felm might end up so sad she’d curse me for the rest of her life. But as soon

as I heard the weeping, I had a feeling she already felt that way.

“Keep at it,” I muttered, though my words would never reach her.



* * *



The next day, as I was feeding Blurin at the stables, I heard a now

familiar female scream. Blurin and I both left the stables. We had a feeling

we knew what to expect, and sure enough, Rose was leaving the dorms with

a large rucksack on her back and an unconscious Felm on her shoulders.

To anyone who didn’t know any better, it was quite the unusual sight.

Suddenly, I heard a high-pitched squeal and felt something climbing

up to my shoulders. I turned to find a furry black creature with red eyes.

Ah, you must be what Rose was looking for.

“The captain’s calling you, Kukuru,” I said.

So just like when I was in the forest, Kukuru was going to pretend to

help Felm out too. The rabbit actually did help me out with its sensor-like

abilities, but a kind of disgust welled up in me when I thought about how

the friendship I’d felt in that forest was little more than an act.

Still, I guess the fact that Kukuru was on my shoulder now meant that

it had grown used to me. I gave it a pat as it cleaned its fur, then it leaped

from my shoulder with stunning speed and ran to Rose’s feet before

scrambling to her shoulder.

“Won’t be back for a while,” Rose said, looking at me. “Be good.”

Her glare sent a shiver down my spine that had me speaking with

excessive politeness.

“Understood! Please have a safe trip!”

Satisfied with my reply, Rose, Kukuru, and the unconscious Felm

made their way to the gates. Blurin growled in a way that said, Hurry up

and feed me, dolt! Then Blurin slapped me on the leg.

Oh, that’s right. I was right in the middle of feeding you.

“Is this what you want, you glutton?”

I held out the fruit in my hand and the grizzly ate it hungrily. I

remembered that I used to worry about the bear eating my fingers off along

with the food I gave him. But surprisingly, it never happened. As a matter of

habit, grizzlies weren’t messy eaters, and Blurin was quite neat when he

came to eating what I gave him.

“Well, what should we do now that the captain is gone?” I asked.

I thought about the time I had left before we departed—fourteen days,

including today. Usually, I’d train and make sure I was in top shape, but . . .

I didn’t think it would have a huge impact. I could always work out while

we were on the road anyway.

That made me wonder, what could I do here that I couldn’t do

anywhere else?

Study?

I’d already read the entire book that Rose gave me, so studying wasn’t

super important.

Fighting skills? Sword work?

I didn’t have any battle experience outside of using my fists and feet,

but I didn’t think there was a lot I could pick up in the space of ten or so

days. Still, it wouldn’t hurt to get my feet wet when it came to battle tactics,

so I decided to keep that in mind.

“I guess that leaves . . . healing magic?”

When I thought about it more deeply, I realized that I only knew the

basics of healing magic. All I had was a vague understanding of how to heal

injuries, exhaustion, and illnesses.

So how about deepening your knowledge of healing magic while Rose

is away?

It was a solid idea, and better still, there were excellent healers just as

good as Rose right here in the Llinger Kingdom.

“Let’s head off once we’re done with training,” I said.

Blurin growled a complaint in response.

“Oh, sorry. Food, right.”

I held out another fruit for Blurin as my thoughts whirled with what I

could do with the fourteen days before departure. Orga was easily as good a

healer as Rose, and he must know stuff he could teach me.

So I decided I’d finish training a little earlier than usual and visit the

infirmary!



* * *



“Where are you going, Lady Suzune?” asked Aruku, who was

guarding the castle gates.

“Hm? Oh, just to the Rescue Team base.”

The sun was high in the sky and it was time I took a break, so I was

heading to see Usato at the Rescue Team headquarters. Aruku caught me as

I was leaving.

“You’re going to see Sir Usato?!”

I felt a little overwhelmed by the admiration and politeness I heard in

his tone.

“Um, yes.” I nodded.

Aruku was assigned to defend the castle gates and was extremely

important to maintaining a high level of protection. Even Siglis thought

highly of the guy. Some thought he was a bit weird though, having turned

down squad captain and imperial guard positions and requested to be put on

castle gate protection.

Then again, if that weren’t the case, he never would have been chosen

to go with me for my training outside of the castle. Back then, Usato and I

had gone missing because of my slip-up. Aruku had devoted himself to

searching for us, even at the cost of his own rest. I knew right then exactly

how upstanding and loyal the guy was.

“I saw him heading for town just a short while ago,” said Aruku.

“Town? Alright, I guess I’ll head that way then,” I replied.

I wanted to ask him about the School of Magic, which was located in

the Wizardry City of Luqvist. We were in another world, so I had super high

hopes for the place. I was very excited. I had to let it out somewhere.

“Oh, by the way, do you know much about Luqvist, Aruku?” I asked.

“I do. It’s, well . . . It’s hard to call it a good place per se, but there’s no

better place for learning magic.”

“Wait, so you’re saying . . .”

“Yes, I learned magic there for a time. That’s all I have, really—my

blade and my magic. I’m practically useless when it comes to anything

else,” Aruku said with a bright chuckle.

But from what I could see, Aruku was quite strong. I’d heard he could

wield fire magic and that his sword work was nothing to balk at. Two

knights near Aruku seemed to read my thoughts, and they crossed their

arms and nodded in agreement.

“Aruku,” said one, “all you have trouble with is the staff and the bow,

no? Lady Suzune, believe me when I tell you that this guy could be an

imperial guard if he so desired.”

“He’s not joking,” said the other. “None of us can work out why this

guy doesn’t want to make more coin.”

Aruku was momentarily shaken by the sudden comments but quickly

regained his composure.

“You guys . . .” he muttered.

“Hm? What are they talking about exactly?” I asked, prodding.

Aruku tried to wave me off with a wry chuckle, but when that didn’t

work, he sighed and scratched the back of his head.

“Well,” he said, a bit embarrassed, “I can’t defend more than one thing

because I’m pretty uncoordinated.”

“But even then, you could still be a member of the imperial guard,

no?” I said.

The imperial guard was tasked with protecting the king. Was Aruku

saying he couldn’t do that?

“No, the imperial guards must be flexible—the king is their priority,

but they have to be ready to protect others as the situation calls for it. It’s a

little too much for me, so I protect the castle.”

He turned to look at it. It was surrounded by tough, durable walls that

stood tall and denied trespassers.

“So long as I do my job here, no intruders get in, so nobody in the

castle gets hurt. But it’s all over if someone can make it past me and

through the gates!”

Aruku said it with a joking smile, but secretly, it gave me goosebumps.

This guy’s got hot-blooded main-character qualities! Not to mention

he’s good-looking—but in a different way than Kazuki.

“But I’m going to have to leave the protection of the castle to my

fellow knights for a little while,” said Aruku.

“Hm? And why’s that?” I asked, head tilted with curiosity.

Aruku quickly stood to attention with his legs together, his back

straight, and a fist on his chest.

“I, the knight Aruku,” he said, proudly, “have been selected to assist

Sir Usato of the Rescue Team on his journey!”

“Huh?” I said, sounding like a surprised dolt.

Aruku laughed.

“I was as surprised as you are. I only found out about it yesterday,

from one of the castle attendants.”

I can’t believe he already selected a knight to accompany him. But then

I should expect nothing less of Usato-kun. He’s got a sharp eye. But I have

to say I can’t believe that he so casually chose someone so formidable. That

means Usato-kun saw it too . . . He saw Aruku’s main-character qualities.

I giggled.

“I have no choice but to admit defeat, Usato-kun,” I muttered. “Well,

you take good care of Usato-kun, okay, Aruku?”

“Of course!”

And so I headed into town, haunted by the feeling of complete and

utter defeat.

Usato-kun should be fine if he’s traveling with Aruku. He can outrun

all but the most ferocious of foes. And things will only be safer if he’s

traveling with a prescient like Amako. A party like that is totally OP. Like,

how do you even stop them?

“Which means . . .”

I’m the one with a problem.

I was heading to the country of Kamelio, which fervently worshiped

the heroes. It wasn’t particularly far, but it looked like it would be a

handful.

Because we’ll be way too popular!

“No, I can’t let myself get disheartened.”

On the bright side, Kamelio’s cooperation was almost guaranteed so

long as Kazuki and I visited, which meant we had to go.

Still, just hearing about it put a weight in the pit of my stomach.



* * *



With my morning training done, I headed into town to go to the

infirmary alone. When people saw me in town now, they didn’t kick up

quite the stir they used to. Still, I could always feel people watching me.

Then again, until now they’d always seen me running down the street

with a grizzly in my arms, so they weren’t about to change overnight.

I opened the door to the infirmary and headed inside.

“Hello?” I said, announcing myself.

The infirmary hadn’t changed since the last time I was here. It was as

clean as the Rescue Team base. Coming back filled me with the deep

feelings I held for the place.

“Coming!” I heard Ururu’s voice from the back of the infirmary, and in

a few moments, she came running. “Oh, hey there, Usato-kun,” she said.

“Hey, Ururu. I came to see Orga today. Is he busy?”

“I don’t think so. It’s a good day here today—no patients.”

A good day, huh?

But the words rang true. If there were no patients, there would be no

injuries or illnesses to worry about.

With that in mind, yeah. It is a good day.

I followed the grinning Ururu as I explained to her why I’d come.

“Oh, I see. So you want to learn more about Orga’s healing magic . . .

Sure, I think it’s a great idea. That’s about all he’s good for, anyway!”

Wow, that’s kind of harsh. Maybe spitting poison is her natural state.

“By the way, I heard all about the training you got wrapped up in.

Sparring with Rose? That’s crazy!”

“What? That’s not what it was.”

How did the truth turn into that?

“Oh, it wasn’t?” Ururu laughed. “Oh, right. Of course not. If you

sparred with Rose . . .”

“It wasn’t sparring,” I said, “because I wasn’t allowed to hit her back.”

“. . . she would kill you . . . Huh?”

I mean, it didn’t really matter what I tried. It would have been a one-

sided beating anyway. So I just covered up like a turtle and tried to dodge

and weave the best I could.

“I gave it everything I had,” I said, “but I think the captain was going

kind of easy on me. I mean, look at me—I’m still alive. But anyway, where

did that sparring rumor come from?”

Ururu laughed again.

“It seems some kids heard the noises coming from the training ground

and decided to go check it out. They ran away crying and said that you and

Rose got in a fight.”

So that’s how it started. Maybe they saw me practically pleading for

my own life. I had a feeling I’d been doing that. Come to think of it, I still

was.

“Whatever you guys were up to, it sounded rough. Well,” said Ururu,

stopping in front of a door. “This is Orga’s room.”

“Thanks.”

“Usato-kun is here,” shouted Ururu, knocking on the door.

“Come in,” said an exhausted voice from behind it.

We walked inside to find Orga sitting at a desk in the corner of a

simple room.

“Sorry to barge in on you so soon after your recovery, Orga,” I said.

“I don’t mind. Seeing people is one of life’s small joys.”

This was Ururu’s brother, Orga Fleur, a healer as powerful as Rose and

the head of the infirmary.

The person I would be asking to teach me about healing magic.



“I see,” said Orga after I explained why I came, “so you want to learn

more healing magic before you leave on your journey.”

Orga nodded and dropped into thought for a time. I didn’t get the

feeling he was about to turn me away.

“But all the same,” he said, “I don’t think it’s necessary for you to

learn anything from me. I’m certain you could become a more powerful

healer than me in no time.”

“Still, while the captain is away,” I pleaded, “I’d like to use this time to

learn from you!”

Orga crossed his arms, and a troubled look spread across his face.

Ururu gave him a light punch.

“Okay, okay,” she said, “how about we compare our healing magic? At

least then we can probably work out how his healing magic differs from our

own. That sound okay to you, Usato-kun?”

“Fine by me,” I said.

“Okay, let’s do it!” she exclaimed.

“I see you’re not asking my opinion,” said Orga with a chuckle.

Orga held his hand out, and I did the same. Ururu smiled at me as I

released healing magic into my hand. The color of it was the same light

shade of green as when I’d touched the crystal upon being summoned here.

Ururu’s healing magic was a slightly darker shade than my own. But Orga’s

. . .

“Just as I thought,” I said.

Orga’s magic was a deep, dense green.

Though it was still transparent, it was a dark green like fresh leaves.

When I thought about it, Rose’s healing magic was darker than my own, but

not as dark as Orga’s.

“How do you cast your magic, Orga?” I asked. “I don’t think of

anything special when I create this, and this color is the result.”

“Same as me,” Orga replied. “My magic is slightly different to yours

and Ururu’s, but it was something I was born with.”

“You were born with it?” I said.

“My magic is very good at healing the illnesses of others. However, I

am not very good at healing myself. It’s quite pitiful, I know,” he said,

chuckling.

Does that mean the color of the magic dictates its healing level?

I looked at the magic in my hand and slowly clenched my fist. It was

the same light as when I always cast it. It was the same green as the day that

I arrived in this world.

“As far as I know,” said Orga, “healing an illness with healing magic is

different than simply healing an external injury in a number of ways. You’re

healing inside of the body. Does that make sense? Think of it this way,

Usato-kun—you’re not mending; you’re healing.”

“I . . . don’t really get it,” said Ururu, “but are you saying that your

healing magic is a step beyond our own, Orga?”

“I suppose that’s one way to think about it, yes.”

Orga’s magic is a step beyond my own. Perhaps Rose knows something

more about it. Still, I have a feeling it’s something I have to do myself.

Basically, if my healing magic is light in color now, then making it darker

will change its properties. And if I make my healing magic the same color

as Orga’s, then I’ll be able to heal the same illnesses, right?

“Wonder if I can force it . . .” I said.

I tried pouring in more magic without making it bigger. The healing

magic covered my hand, and I began pouring more in. My hypothesis was

that I could raise the density of the magic. I felt my magic spurting from my

hand like electricity.

“Usato-kun, what are you doing?”

“Hm? Oh, I’m just pouring more magic power into my hand.”

I kept my eyes on my hand the whole time, and as the magic poured in,

the surface of the magic on my hand began to deepen in color.

I can do it.

But no sooner had the thought left my mind than Orga let out a gasp

and grabbed my arm.

“Usato-kun! Stop that at once!”

“Huh?”

Even though I’m so close?

That was what I was about to say, but right then, the magic pouring

into my hand glowed and then . . . burst.



* * *



“I’m sorry to cause you all that trouble, Orga,” I said, bowing

apologetically as I left the infirmary.

“Don’t worry about any of that,” replied Orga, who saw me off at the

door with a worried look on his face. “But please refrain from doing what

you tried earlier. Ururu is just as worried.”

I looked at my hand as I walked the town’s bustling main street and let

out a sigh. It had been about an hour since I’d funneled magic into my hand.

When I did it, my hand really was wrapped in a darker shade of healing

magic. But in the next instant, it was like my hand couldn’t bear the magic

power accumulating in it, which made it burst.

Well, I say “burst,” but it wasn’t like it exploded. It was more like

fissures opened up on my hand and my magic started pouring from them. It

wasn’t as bad an injury as it looked at the time.

But what surprised me when it happened was that my healing magic

didn’t work the way it was supposed to. All the same, at least I could

eventually heal my hand back to normal afterward. According to Orga, what

I had just tried was something very dangerous.

Still, I’d come away with a new understanding. It was like a rule had

revealed itself to me.

“The scope of a healing magic changes based on its density,” I said out

loud.

I’d also learned one more thing: the darker the color of a healing

magic, the harder it became to self-heal. When my hand had burst, I hadn’t

been able to heal it with the darker-colored healing magic I’d made. Now I

could understand why Orga, who was born with a denser healing magic,

had so much trouble healing his own wounds.

“It’s totally worth working on though,” I muttered.

If I did it a few times, I had a feeling I could get the hang of it. And if I

could raise the density of my magic power, I’d be able to heal people just as

quickly as Orga and Rose did. This would make it easier to heal the people I

currently had difficulty healing.

But to get to that level . . .

“Practice makes perfect, I guess,” I surmised.

I gathered healing light in my right hand to deepen its color. The great

thing about this particular kind of training was that I could do it pretty much

anywhere.

“Usato-kun!”

I heard a voice behind me and spun toward it.

“Hm? Oh, Inukami-senpai.”

She waved at me and ran over with a bright grin on her face. She

seemed more excited than usual.

“I know this is kind of sudden,” she said, “but how did you see

Aruku’s main-character potential?!”

“Seriously, what are you even talking about?”

She wasn’t kidding when she said “sudden.”

I was going to go back to the training grounds to work on my magic,

but now that I’d bumped into Inukami-senpai, I figured I’d hang out a bit

more.

“One second,” I said. I inhaled deeply to prepare myself, then exhaled

long and determined. “Alright, I’m good.”

“Wait a second. Why the long breath? Is talking to me that annoying,

Usato-kun?”

I laughed it off.

“Of course not.”

“So why won’t you look me in the eyes?!”

Because a part of me thinks it is that annoying.

But it wasn’t like I was about to tell her that to her face.

Chapter 6: The Journey Begins!





Rose and Felm returned from the forest. I think maybe they were gone

for about ten days. It was about the same amount of time that I was gone.

Upon her return, Felm looked tired of the whole world. I could hear it

in the hollow sound of her voice as she muttered about “betrayal.” It made

me think she’d had the same black rabbit experience that I had. That said,

she seemed mentally tougher too. But that was just a feeling, so I couldn’t

say anything for certain.

A few things had happened while Rose and Felm were gone.

Firstly, the king’s plan to send letters to various nations was announced

to the public. This announcement followed the same routine as when he

announced the battle with the Demon Lord’s army, so there were no big

changes there. Also, Aruku visited to tell me he’d be joining me on my

journey. As he was heading back to the castle, I told him I wanted to keep

our party small—because our group would be less agile if it was too large—

but I wasn’t sure if that was how things would work out.

“Hm . . .” I muttered, lost in thought as I cast healing magic into my

hand.

Other than the announcement and Aruku, I’d just been working on my

healing magic while Rose was away. In terms of results, I hadn’t gotten

very far. It was difficult to make the magic denser in the first place, and

then, on top of that, I couldn’t maintain the magic power. What it came

down to was instinct—I had to keep the density level consistent and keep

my magic power stable. It was really hard. I could hold it for a few seconds,

but as soon as my focus slipped, the magic dissipated.

“Damn, this is difficult,” I grumbled.

I was at the training grounds, sitting on one of the rocks we used for

training weights. I kept working on focusing my magic, but I just couldn’t

keep it stable. It really bothered me that I still didn’t have anything to show

for my efforts, especially because we were leaving tomorrow. Until now, I’d

been able to see my results thanks to Rose’s training: it was in my improved

endurance and ability to use healing magic. The training was as hard as

nails, but I got out what I put into it, and all of it had gotten me this far.

“Guess not everything is so straightforward,” I grumbled some more.

I stayed there, cross-legged on that rock, and tried to make my magic

denser again. But just like before, it just dissipated into the air, probably

because I wasn’t focused enough.

I guess ten days just isn’t enough time to master something like this.

“Hey, Usato.”

“Huh?!” I said, almost jumping off the rock because of Rose’s sudden,

soundless appearance. “Oh, Captain. Something wrong?”

“Just now, what was that?”

“Hm?”

Huh? What is this? She’s confused?

I’d never seen Rose look like that before. She grabbed the hand I was

pouring my magic power into.

“When did you learn to boost your own magic?”

“S-Sorry! Am I not supposed to be doing that?!”

“Answer me.”

What? Did I do something I wasn’t supposed to? Then again, Orga got

angry too. Maybe it really is dangerous.

I was still scared of Rose’s potential reaction, but all the same, I

explained the training I’d been doing.

“It’s because I saw Orga’s healing magic,” I said. “I’ve just been trying

to see if I can deepen my own magic power too.”

“Orga? So you saw his magic, and you tried to do this?”

Rose released my hand and crossed her arms. She watched me as she

fell into thought. After a few seconds of silence, her mouth curled into a

grin, she covered her eyes, and then she started to laugh softly. It was

honestly terrifying to see this woman laughing.

“Um, is something wrong?” I asked.

Has she finally gone insane?

The rude thought fluttered through my mind as Rose’s laughter faded

and she placed a hand on my head and smiled at me. Her smile, too, was

petrifying. I’d never seen anything like it. I found myself instinctively

freeing my hands so that I would be ready for whatever pain was about to

come next. However, Rose simply ruffled my hair with a satisfied grin on

her face.

“That’s a unique characteristic of healing magic,” she said. “You’ve

probably noticed already, but when the color gets darker, your external

healing magic is strengthened but your internal healing magic weakens.”

“Ah, so it’s just as I thought, then,” I said.

“I thought the ability was still beyond you. Use it the wrong way and

the result can be death. But it’s not like I can stop you now that you’ve

started it. It’s not easy, but you can master it with practice.” Rose chuckled.

“Never would have thought you’d work it out on your own though. You

surprise even me sometimes.”

So that means it’s only natural I still don’t have control of it now. The

training is supposed to take a long time. Now that I know that, I’m ready to

keep at it.

“Is there any, I don’t know, knack to this?” I asked.

“Practice,” said Rose, “and lots of it. There are no shortcuts. It’s just

like everything else you’ve done until now. But you managed to master the

other skills, so you can master this one too.”

So there’s no way to get any better than to just put in the time and the

reps. I guess I’ll just keep on practicing the way I have been. I can still get

stronger.

I clenched my fist, knowing now that there were still ways for me to

keep pushing onward.

“Oh, I forgot to tell you something,” said Rose. “I know your letter

delivery journey starts tomorrow, and the kingdom’s attendants told me

what time you’ll be leaving. I know you’re not much for big send-offs, so

just get to the gates first thing in the morning, and take Amako with you.”

“Oh, okay. Got it.”

“The heroes’traveling party will be along in time, so you can just meet

them there.”

I guessed that Rose was talking about the kingdom’s people sending

off the heroes. I could see them riding a carriage through the city streets,

surrounded by shouts and cheers . . . which, as Rose knew, wasn’t my thing

at all, even if it was expected of senpai and Kazuki.

“What about luggage?” I asked.

“Take your uniform and your casual clothes. Other than that, the bare

essentials should be fine. If you’re taking the grizzly with you, then he can

carry some stuff for you too. All you need is some rope to tie it on with.”

Just the bare essentials, huh? I guess that means the book Rose gave

me, my knife, my notebook, and some field rations.

“Any other questions?” she asked.

“Not right now, no.”

“In that case, there’s one thing you should know before you leave.”

“What’s that?”

I thought she would give me some advice for a world full of unknown

dangers. She was usually on the money when it came to that sort of thing,

so I listened carefully as Rose clenched a fist and raised it, grinning.

“If you ever find yourself with worthless scum who look down on

healing magic, you send them flying. Don’t even think twice.”

“I can’t just do that! I’ll get into all sorts of trouble!” I shouted.

Talk about sadistic advice!

“Some people, they’re so pathetic they only know how to judge things

on a surface level. Smacking some sense into them is the right thing to do,”

she told me.

“Uh . . . Oh . . . kay . . .” I stuttered.

For now, I took her kind words along with the dangerous ones. I had

no idea where this woman’s boiling point was, so I never had any idea when

and what she was going to do.

That was my captain, alright.

“I think that’s everything,” she said finally. “Now go and get ready.

You’ll want to be done before dark.”

“Got it.”

“I’m heading back. However your journey goes, you’ll come out of it

with something. I’m counting on you, Usato.”

And with that, Rose left the training grounds. I watched her go and

thought about what she’d said.

“She’s counting on me,” I said, repeating her words to myself.

“Dammit, that sure makes me happy.”

It surprised me, how simple I was at heart.

But perhaps what makes me really happy is that it’s Rose doing the

complimenting. Probably. I might do my share of bitching and moaning, but

I trust and believe in her.

And as my teacher in this world, I respect her.

“Well, now that I know what I need to know, better get packing,” I

muttered.

I still had to make a leather belt for Blurin, among other things. I

stretched and started walking back to the Rescue Team headquarters when I

noticed someone in the shade of a tree by the training grounds.

“Felm?” I said, stopping. “What are you doing?”

The demon girl sounded a little startled that I noticed her, but then she

stormed out looking angrier than I’d seen her before. She dropped her gaze

away from my eyes.

“I’m not allowed to go to town even when I get time off, so I’m going

for a walk . . . That’s when I saw you,” she stated.

Even though she’s changed and she’s calmer now, she was Llinger’s

enemy not so long ago. I can see why she’s not allowed into town, no matter

how tolerant and accepting the people of Llinger are.

“Oh, okay,” I said. “But why were you hiding?”

“B-Because I hate you.”

I wonder why she hates me so much. Oh, wait. No, that makes perfect

sense. I did beat the crap out of her. Then again, guess there’s not much I

can do about how she feels. And besides, I have to get ready for tomorrow.

“It’s not often we get breaks, so make sure you rest up,” I said.

I went to walk past Felm, but she suddenly grabbed ahold of my arm.

“Wait,” she said.

“Hm?”

“Where are you going tomorrow?”

“Oh. Come to think of it, I didn’t tell you.”

“So tell me now.”

“Huh?”

“I said tell me now!” Felm demanded, drawing closer to me.

First, she hates me. Then she wants to talk to me. What a girl.

I gave Felm a quick explanation of the journey I was heading out on.

She seemed to flare up with anger for a moment and I thought she was

going to push even closer to me, but then she looked down at her feet.

“What’s wrong?” I asked. “Wait, don’t tell me you’re going to be lone

—”

Felm kicked me in the shin. I don’t know why. She just did that when

she was unhappy about something. I was used to that kind of pain, so I

never showed it on my face. But she was a demon, and she did have all

their strength, which is why I think my shin went numb.

I was just joking, but maybe she will be lonely.

Felm grunted.

“Wait, are you really going to be—”

“It’s not fair that only you get to escape this hellhole of a place!”

“Oh. Oh, okay. That’s what you mean.”

Felm looked at me for an instant, then kicked me in the shin again and

took off running in the opposite direction. She kicked me pretty hard that

second time, and I felt my anger flare up.

When I get angry, I get angry, you know . . .

“Wait, wait. Calm down, Usato.”




I was almost thinking like Rose for a second there.

Still, I had more experience here than Felm did, so I cooled my temper

and watched her jog away into the distance.

I think it might be best just to let her go. I’m not going to be able to

change her, what with me heading off on my own journey tomorrow. But

what did she mean by “hellhole,” anyway?

I let out a sigh.

Never mind. Today we’ll just forgive and forget.

I felt a little like I’d grown up, and I headed back toward the Rescue

Team lodgings to get ready.



* * *



On the morning of our departure, I woke up especially early and went

to the fruit shop where Amako lived.

“Don’t worry, you’ll get used to it in no time,” I said to Blurin. “You

just have to give it a little time.”

I stood out in my bright white Rescue Team uniform with my

backpack filled with necessities, but the growling grizzly by my side stood

out even more. I’d wrapped a belt around Blurin so I could secure baggage

to him. Fortunately, it didn’t impede his movements—and I was still

carrying most of our stuff—but the bear still wasn’t particularly happy to be

wearing something he wasn’t used to.

I chuckled and gave him a pat on the nose. I looked over at the fruit

shop where Amako and a woman were just coming out. The woman said a

few words to Amako that I couldn’t make out from where I was standing,

and then she wrapped the beastkin girl in a hug. At first, Amako seemed

surprised, but then she looked down, her tail and her shoulders trembling.

This must be a really hard moment for Amako and that woman.

I didn’t want to get in the way of something that was clearly important

to both of them, so I kept my distance and just watched. When the woman

let Amako go, she looked at me and bowed deeply.

I felt a message in her gesture:

“Please take care of Amako.”

She had looked after Amako, and now it was up to me to take on that

responsibility.

“It’s kind of heavy,” I muttered to myself as Amako walked over to us.

I wasn’t sure what to say to her, and I hated myself for it. As I

scrambled for something to say, Amako took my sleeve and pulled on it.

“You don’t have to say anything,” Amako said. “But . . . thank you.”

She’d seen a few seconds into the future, and she smiled up at the

dumbfounded look on my face. Seeing her like that, I let out a relieved sigh.

We started walking to the meeting point.

“Usato,” said Amako.

“What is it?” I asked, walking in time with her little steps.

“Do you think it would be okay for me to come back here?”

What does she mean by that? Does she not intend to come back to the

Llinger Kingdom? Or does she mean that she won’t be able to?

I tilted my head curiously as Amako looked at the ground.

“She said that I could come back whenever I wanted . . .” muttered

Amako. “She said I would always have a home here . . .”

“The woman said that to you?”

“Yes, but I don’t know if I’ll be able to come back. I might never be

able to come back ever again.”

Rose had called her a time-reading princess, after all.

And perhaps that was what Amako was talking about. Perhaps she was

much more important than I had ever thought. And when I thought about

that, I felt unable to say anything to her as she stared at the ground. I did not

know what burdens she had to bear, and as such, I did not know what words

would ease her worries.

“Some help I am . . .” I muttered to myself, picking up my pace as the

gates appeared in the distance.



About an hour after Amako and I arrived at the gate, we heard loud

voices coming from town and saw a group on horseback heading our way.

There were about ten people in total. Then I noticed a carriage appear, and

from it, a young man popped his head out and waved at us.

“Usato!”

“Ah! Kazuki!”

I hadn’t heard anything about how we were getting to Luqvist, but now

I knew we’d be riding a horse-drawn carriage. Around it were a number of

knights in light armor, and one of them was Aruku.

“Blurin, will you be okay?” I asked. “You can’t ride in the carriage,

you know?”

The grizzly slapped my legs. He growled a message that was all too

easy to read:

Of course I won’t be okay!

“You get more selfish every day, don’t you?” I said.

“You’ve gotten too strong to understand ordinary people and animals,”

said Amako.

The grizzly roared in agreement. It ticked me off, so I gave Blurin a

good flick in the nose and walked over toward the incoming carriage. I

heard the bear growl with fierce intimidation and Amako rush to catch up,

but I ignored them both.

“Good morning, Aruku,” I said.

Aruku leaped from his horse and put a fist to his chest in greeting.

“Morning!” he said.

The guy was nothing if not energetic.

“I’ll load your baggage on the carriage,” he said, holding out his arms,

“so you two, please board the carriage.”

“Oh, thanks. And Blurin?”

“My apologies, but he’ll join us outside.”

Just as I expected.

I passed my backpack to Aruku. Before Amako and I got in the

carriage, I also made sure to remove the baggage from Blurin’s back

because the grizzly was glaring at me.

“No being a nuisance to Aruku and the knights, okay?”

Blurin growled.

“Don’t give me that ‘I can’t promise anything’ growl, Blurin.”

They should be okay. Probably. If it comes down to it, I’ll just walk

instead of riding in the carriage.

I passed the baggage Blurin was carrying to a knight and hopped

inside the carriage. It was easily spacious enough for ten people. I took a

brief look around, then looked further into the carriage, where Kazuki and

Inukami-senpai were sitting, along with a robed girl with unique blue hair.

It was Welcie.

“Morning, everyone,” I said.

“It’s been quite some time, hasn’t it, Usato-sama?” said Welcie.

“You’re joining us on this journey, Welcie?”

The girl had left a big impression on me. First there was the way her

face flushed when we’d been checking my magical affinity, then the way

she freaked out at the sight of Rose.

“Indeed I am,” she replied. “I’ll be with you as far as Luqvist. I

wouldn’t want to leave everything entirely on your shoulders, so I’d like to

help out where I can.”

“I see. Thank you.”

I didn’t think we’d be left entirely to our own devices, but it was

certainly generous of the king to send the kingdom’s own mage to support

us.

“I feel more confident with you along, Welcie,” said senpai.

“Oh, I’m not that powerful.”

“But you’re our magic teacher,” said Kazuki. “You should be more

confident in yourself.”

It was clear that Kazuki and Inukami-senpai really trusted Welcie. As

their magic teacher, she was to them what Rose was to me.

Sure would be nice if Welcie could share a little of her gentle aura with

Rose. She’s like a gentle little animal where Rose is like a ferocious

carnivore with a terrifying aura that scares anyone she looks at.

I was just thinking about how saying as much to Rose would only land

me a beating when Amako began pulling at my sleeve. She was looking at

Welcie with some worry on her face.

“You don’t need to worry about her,” I said, knowing what was on her

mind. “You only need to be careful of senpai.”

“Okay, got it.”

Inukami-senpai didn’t look impressed.

“What? Why do I feel like that was a subtle way of telling her I’m

dangerous?” Inukami-senpai said.

I ignored the look on her face and leaned back against the carriage

wall. With a clunk, the carriage was off.

“We’re on our way,” said Kazuki.

“That we are. Welcie, what about the letters?” I asked.

“They’re safely with me,” Welcie said, taking several letters from a

small rucksack. “Suzune-sama and Kazuki-sama already know, but these

are the letters to be handed out to each nation. I’ll keep ahold of them for

now and give you the ones you’re responsible for when we part ways at

Luqvist.”

“When we part ways? But what about the letter for Luqvist?” I asked.

“I will pass out that letter myself. You’ll all be with me, of course.”

Oh, so does that mean she’ll give us an example of how to deliver the

letters to people of power? That’s a relief. I’m sure it’s not just a matter of

meeting a national leader, passing them a letter, then leaving.

Kazuki, senpai, and I were all a bit worried because we weren’t used to

this kind of thing. I leaned back once more against the carriage wall and

stared out the window. It was all just green trees. I was used to seeing them,

but in just a few hours, I’d be met with sights I’d never seen before.

Our journey had begun, and we were off to new places—a grand

adventure filled with danger and the unknown. Like it or not, I was a part of
