






Chapter 1: Unhinged?! The Black Knight Appears!





I leaped into the heart of battle. I was a member of the Rescue Team:

healing the injured with my magic and saving those on the brink of death. I

felt the distinct fear that each decision might be my last. I ran through the

battlefield, helping those in need and carrying an injured knight, when—

“Whoa?!”

The demons had used a wounded soldier as a trap to lure me in, and

I’d stepped smack bang right in the middle of it. As I hefted an unconscious

soldier under each arm, the surrounding demons focused their attacks

directly on me. They launched fireballs, sent earthen spears thrusting up

from the ground, and fired bullets of water. I slipped and dodged the attacks

with everything I had, all the while working my healing magic on the

soldiers in my arms.

“What the hell is he?!” cried one demon.

“He doesn’t move like a human! I can’t hit him!” shouted another.

“Wait, don’t tell me . . . is this one of the monsters that commander

Vergrett mentioned?!”

Are they seriously just chatting while they have me surrounded?!

Whatever. I didn’t go through all that training just to die in a dumb

trap!

“Coming through!” I shouted.

With my arms and legs wrapped in healing magic, I weaved past the

demons’ magical attacks and launched a kick at the nearest one to create an

opening.

“Hurk!”

The demon flew across the ground, rolling to a stop a few meters

away, completely unconscious. The other demons froze in shock at the sight

of their comrade, broken with a single kick.

Now’s my chance!

I leaped into the air and off the shoulders of an ogling demon, breaking

free of the trap. The demons were in disarray, but they still tried to give

chase. I shot them a brief glance before breaking into a full sprint. They

didn’t have a chance of catching me, and their angry shouts faded as the

distance between us widened.

I passed the still unconscious knights I’d been carrying to some men in

the rearguard, then took a breath and leaped back into the fray.

“This is brutal,” I muttered.

I frowned, looking for someone to aid, surrounded by the stench of

blood. Around me were the fallen, both knights and demons alike. My ears

rang with screams and the clashing of weapons.

This place is hell.

There was no other place that so perfectly epitomized the word

“bloodbath.” And yet here I was, fighting at the heart of it. But I wasn’t here

as a knight, battling to fell my enemies. I was part of the Rescue Team,

battling to save lives.

And I didn’t have time to tremble with fear.

“The battle rages on,” I muttered, picking up my pace.

I was determined; I would be strong in the face of this war.

I saw a knight, his face twisted in pain. I saw a demon standing before

him, blade in hand, readying a finishing blow. I moved with blinding speed,

weaving through the knights and the demons, rushing to the injured man’s

aid. Blood poured from his leg. He had nowhere left to run.

“Not while I still stand . . .” I whispered.

I took a deep breath and kicked hard off the ground, leaping forward.

Every fiber of my being was focused on saving the life that was about to

end in front of my eyes.



* * *



The battle between Llinger Kingdom and the Demon Lord’s army was

a harsh, savage thing to behold, especially for those of us who’d been

summoned from somewhere considerably more peaceful.

The stench of blood, the feel of enemies falling to my sword—I

couldn’t stand it. It was a feeling that went beyond mere description, but

Kazuki-kun and I were the heroes of Llinger Kingdom now. We trudged

past the corpses and continued onward.

The Demon Lord’s army had a slight upper hand. If we could push

through their main forces and take down their commanding officer, it would

mean victory for Llinger Kingdom.

But we had an ocean of demons to get through first.

“Senpai!”

At Kazuki-kun’s shout, I realized that a demon had crept up behind

me, his spear at the ready. I twisted as he thrust his blade, dodging the blow.

I sent the tip of his spear flying with a slice of my sword. The demon

clicked his tongue in frustration as I pushed my palm toward him and

unleashed a lightning strike.

“Hah!”

The lightning fired at the sound of my battle cry, passing through the

demon that stood before me and striking those at the ready behind him.

But it didn’t matter if I could control lightning, and it didn’t matter

whether or not I was a hero—if I was caught off guard again, it could spell

my doom.

“Heroes!” said the knight captain, running up to Kazuki-kun and me to

give a status update. “We’ve cleared the enemies in the surrounding area.”

“Make sure the injured are taken to the rearguard. The rest of us will

continue to push forward,” I told him.

“Understood!”

I watched as the knight captain left to relay my orders. Then I surveyed

the battlefield. Around us were the scattered bodies of the demons that had

tried to kill us.

“They’re invaders now, but they had lives once, just like us . . .” I

began.

To say I could take a life without feeling its weight was a lie, but that

alone was not enough of a reason to put my friends and my allies in danger.

I would keep pushing forward.

We would keep pushing forward.

“Looks like we’re clear of enemies here,” said Kazuki-kun, sheathing

his sword and walking over to me.

“Yes,” I said, roused from my thoughts. “But their main base, their

headquarters, is still some distance away. And we’re not clear of the danger

here either.”

“Oh. Yep.”

A giant snake, a monster, was running rampant in another part of the

battlefield, a little ways from us. It was injuring and wounding a great many

knights, enough that I wanted to run in to provide support. But I knew, at

the same time, that if Kazuki-kun and I left our current position, ultimate

victory for Llinger would only grow more distant.

“Senpai, we have to hurry!” said Kazuki-kun. “We’ll do what we have

to, then come back and kill that snake!”

“Good call. Let’s do what we came here to do.”

I looked out over the knights behind us, all of whom had come on the

knight captain’s order. We’d taken noticeable losses since the start of the

battle. Fortunately, the fallen knights were carried away at blistering speed

by the Rescue Team, and with Kazuki-kun and I constantly pushing

forward, we had yet to see any casualties.

“Knights,” I said, “prepare to move onwa—”

But before I could finish giving my order, I felt a sudden, indescribable

chill and heard the shuffle of heavy metal drawing closer.

“Found you.”

The voice felt entirely too quiet for the battlefield. It belonged to

something in a pitch-black set of armor, dark as any shadow. The something

in the armor had come with demon reinforcements, and it weaved through

them until it stood before us.

I felt hatred boil in me the very moment I saw it. I glimpsed two eyes

peeking from a slit in its polished black helmet. As I did, I felt my hand

instinctively grip the handle of my sword tighter.

“Everyone, stop!” I said, barking an order at the knights behind me.

“Don’t move.”

I didn’t want them to do anything rash. I set my mind on keeping calm

—and on keeping the fear in my heart at bay.

“What . . . is that?” Kazuki-kun asked, his voice quivering.

“I don’t have the slightest idea,” I said. “But one thing’s for certain:

it’s unlike any demon we’ve seen so far.”

The black knight sized us up silently. The glossy black armor that

surrounded its body crawled as if it were a living organism. I wanted

nothing more than to kill it immediately, but my instincts held me back,

ringing like an alarm bell in my head.

As I watched the black knight, thinking about how best to approach it,

several knights launched themselves from behind me, ignoring my order.

“No! Wait!” I cried.

But the knight captain and the knights with him could no longer stand

the pressure emanating from this shadowy foe. Hate welled in their eyes

and they launched themselves at the black knight with fierce battle cries.

Kazuki-kun and I hurriedly stopped the remaining knights from

attacking, then called out again to the knight captain and his men.

“All of you, stop!”

But they were beyond listening to our commands. They continued to

close in. However, the black knight and its surrounding demon forces didn’t

move. Their calm and complete disregard in the face of the incoming

knights worried me. One of the knights reached the black knight and raised

his sword.

“Eat this!” he shouted, bringing his heavy blade down in an attack.

The sword sliced deep into the black knight’s armor. It was a fatal

blow. But still, the black knight remained still, unmoving, its creepy black

armor crawling around its body. Another knight followed quickly behind

the first, his voice an enraged roar as he ran his spear straight through the

black knight.

“You will fall!” he shouted.

Then the knight captain pointed his great sword at the black knight and

readied his own attack. The blade must have been at least as big as he was.

The captain rushed in at a speed that belied his powerful frame. His power

and skill were the real deal. Regardless of whatever it was that had spurred

on his rash attack, there was no denying that with his experience in the

Llinger army and his raw abilities, he was a true warrior.

The savage thrust was as powerful as a tank, and it sunk the sword into

the black knight’s body, which was already pierced with two spears. The

knight captain glared at the black knight as he pushed the great sword in

even deeper.

“Whatever magic it is you intend to use, you will die before you ever

get a chance to—”

“Hmph. You think that this is enough to kill me?” said the black

knight. The voice that spoke was flat and lifeless. It was impossible to tell if

it was male or female. It scratched at the hearts of those who heard it, filling

them with unease. “You, them . . . you’re no different than all the other

trash.”

“What did you say?”

“You’re in my way,” said the black knight. “Move.”

The black armor contorted wildly, and its chest plate transformed into

a spike. It went straight for the knight captain.

“What?!”

The knight captain released his great sword and leaped backward to

safety.

“Captain!” cried the knights still surrounding the black knight.

But their captain had escaped danger and drew from his hip another

sword.

“Be on guard!” he shouted to his men. “We haven’t felled it yet! We

will surround it and finish it off!”

“Yes, sir!”

Kazuki-kun couldn’t bear to stand by and just watch.

“Senpai! I’ll back them up!” he said, racing off toward the knight

captain.

“Kazuki-kun, wait!” I said. I let out a frustrated grunt when he didn’t

listen and turned to the troops. “Everyone, follow me!”

I’m glad to see that Kazuki-kun is more assertive than he was back at

home, but there’s a difference between being courageous and being

foolhardy!

I took off after him with the remaining knights in tow.

In a way, this was a chance for us. Our enemy was badly wounded

from the knights that had struck first. Unless it had a healer on hand or was

invincible, it didn’t stand a chance.

“Let’s see if you humans are worthy of my time,” said the black

knight, pulling the great sword and spears from its body. It seemed utterly

bored with the knight captain and his men as it flicked its wrist and uttered

a single word.

“Reflect.”

Blood burst into the air. It came from the knight captain and his three

men, all of whom collapsed where they stood like puppets with their strings

cut.

“What?!” I exclaimed.

The black knight had done nothing that even looked like an attack.

There were no traces of any magic use. In the literal blink of an eye, four

battle-hardened knights had been left in pools of their own blood.

“Senpai . . . what was that?” asked Kazuki-kun.

He was frozen by the brutal sight that now met his eyes, his hands

shaking.

“I don’t know,” I said. “But charging in recklessly is a bad idea . . .”

I couldn’t make heads or tails of it. Was it possible that the black

knight had moved faster than we could see? Did it draw its sword and

attack the knights? Or had it unleashed razor-sharp wind magic?

Whatever the case, it was stupid to approach without a plan.

“Seems like the only ones capable of handling a foe like this . . . are

us,” I said.

“Looks like it,” Kazuki-kun agreed.

“Don’t tell me this is all you’ve got?” muttered the black knight, its

eyes firmly on us as targets. “Please tell me this isn’t where it ends.”

But this was good for us. So long as the black knight had us in its

sights, the knights behind us wouldn’t come to harm.

“Knights,” I said, careful not to take my eyes off the black knight as I

shouted orders. “Can we rely on you to handle the surrounding demon

forces? We need you to keep them occupied and hang on long enough for us

to take this black knight down.”

“Leave it to us, heroes! We’ll see your orders through or die trying!”

I chuckled.

“That’s the spirit,” I said.

Now I knew we could fight without fear of being ambushed. I readied

my sword and stood next to Kazuki-kun. The black knight remained ever

motionless before us.

Is it simply a show of bravado? Or does this knight not have a fighting

stance to begin with?

“I’ll go first,” Kazuki-kun stated.

“We still don’t know enough about our enemy. Kazuki-kun, don’t

attack it directly with your magic,” I said, then turned to the knights. “As

soon as Kazuki unleashes his spell, move in on the demons.”

“Understood!”

Kazuki-kun held his sword in his left hand as he raised his right palm

toward the black knight. While my lightning magic was great for area-of-

effect damage, Kazuki-kun’s magic was better suited to a single point of

attack. He turned his magic into a ball of light. It was deadly accurate and

contained powerful piercing strength.

“However quick you are, you can’t outrun light!” he yelled.

The ball of light flew from Kazuki-kun’s palm straight toward the

black knight. There was no dodging it. The magic struck the black knight in

the left shoulder, and smoke rose from the point of impact, a side effect of

the light magic’s purifying effects.

“Hmph. Interesting,” said the black knight before giving orders to the

demons waiting behind it. “Take care of the knights.”

Even now, the black knight showed no signs of being hurt. The

damage to its armor from the knight captain’s attacks had also disappeared

entirely.

Light magic should be its weakness. What is going on?

“It’s no good,” said Kazuki-kun. “My light magic doesn’t work.”

“Light . . . Quite the rare type, that,” said the black knight. “I’ve never

faced it before. How intriguing. Reflect.”

It spoke the exact same word it spoke when the knight captain fell.

Reflect? What does it mean?

Suddenly, Kazuki-kun collapsed to his knees, clutching his left

shoulder as he screamed in pain.

“What’s wrong?!” I shouted.

“It’s my shoulder. It’s . . . like it’s burning . . .”

“Your shoulder?”

Blood dripped from the gaps in his armor around his shoulder.

What happened?! Was something fired into the gaps in the armor?!

But I didn’t see anything like that! This is . . .

“A direct attack . . . under the armor?” I asked.

Kazuki-kun cast first aid magic on his shoulder.

“I’m okay,” he said.

But I knew that his first aid was little more than a stopgap solution. It

was like putting disinfectant and a Band-Aid on a wound that needed

stitches. With enough time, he’d be able to heal himself to almost full

health, but—

“Look out!” I yelled.

A mass of black swiped at the two of us, and I blocked it with the flat

of my sword. The black shape had come from the black knight’s arm. It was

less like armor and more like a tentacle or feeler, and the sight of it made

me feel sick as it slunk back into the black knight’s body.

So it can change shape in order to attack too? This is bad. We still

haven’t figured out how it works yet.

“Such a pity,” murmured the black knight.

“What is? What do you mean?” I shot back.

The black knight chuckled.

“What, indeed.”

Easily as creepy as it is dangerous.

It felt like we were facing off against a monster that wasn’t of this

world.



* * *



I weaved into the midst of the battle. The battlefield was a mess of

friends and foes, and at their feet were the bodies of the fallen and the dead.

I did my utmost to heal the injured. Wiping the sweat from my brow with

my sleeve, I felt the heavy pressure of being in the midst of war.

“Please try not to overdo it,” I said as I healed one knight, already

looking for the next in need of aid.

The stench of death wafted up around me, and I held back the urge to

vomit. I kept moving forward.

“You knew this was what it would be like,” I muttered to myself.

I knew that death thrived on the battlefield. I knew that I might fall

here and breathe my last. I knew it, but I would not fall back. I was a healer

and a part of the Rescue Team. It was my responsibility to help those who

fought.

And besides, I’d made a promise. I would protect them all: the

kingdom we now called home, and my friends.

That’s why I—

But before I could finish the thought, my head was assaulted by

searing pain. At the same time, I saw an image like a still frame flash before

my eyes. I saw Inukami-senpai and Kazuki being killed.

I cast my healing magic, but the pain refused to recede, the vision

never leaving my sight.

“Dammit . . . What the hell . . .” I muttered.

“You stop and you die!” cried a demon who saw me writhing and took

it as a golden opportunity to slice me down with its ax.

“No! Not here!” I yelled.

I rolled to avoid the blow, but the ax gouged into my right arm, slicing

it open. A grunt escaped my gritted teeth. The wound wasn’t anything to

worry about, but my head still felt like it was going to split open.

What is this? Are Inukami-senpai and Kazuki in some kind of danger?

I left the demon where he stood and tried to run, but my vision

wavered and I tripped over a corpse, tumbling to the ground.

“Die!” the demon growled, bringing its ax down for a second time.

I couldn’t heal an attack that killed on impact. That was impossible. If

I died here, Kazuki and Inukami-senpai would be helpless. I’d never get to

them. I raised my arms, prepared to lose them in order to defend my head,

and braced for impact.

“You will not touch him, demon!” someone shouted.

“Hurk?!” the demon grunted.

The ax-wielding demon was sent flying to the ground. I lowered my

arms to find a knight where the demon once stood, sword in hand.

“Are you okay?!” he asked.

“Huh. Wait. Y-You’re the knight from before . . .”

I’d saved his life. I’d never thought he’d be back to return the favor.

Without him, I might have died.

I let out a sigh of relief, then suddenly remembered what I’d seen. The

aching in my head began to subside.

“Oh no! Inuka—I mean, the heroes! Do you know where they are?”

“The heroes? They’re at the front lines, but—”

“Got it! Thanks!” I said, taking off into a sprint.

“B-Be careful!”

“You too!”

The front lines weren’t too far from where I was.

And if what I saw through my headache was a premonition, then there

was no time to lose.

“Please, guys, be safe . . .”

* * *



“Come now, what are you waiting for?” said the black knight, goading

us. “Don’t tell me you’re afraid . . . already?”

I grit my teeth. This was no time for acting rash.

“Senpai . . .”

“Cool it, Kazuki-kun. We don’t want to move in unprepared.”

The attack to Kazuki-kun’s shoulder had struck without touching his

armor or the clothing underneath it. The bloody wounds of the fallen

knights, too, somehow opened underneath their clothes. With one eye still

on the black knight, I took better stock of the injured knights. One looked as

if he’d been cut, and two appeared to have suffered stab wounds. The

knight captain, too, had been run through by a blade.

“And then Kazuki-kun . . .” I muttered.

Just like that, everything clicked into place.

Everyone’s injuries reflect the very attacks they launched on the black

knight!

That was why, when the black knight had attacked earlier, it had

uttered the words, “Such a pity.”

It was because—

“That armor,” I said, “it reflects any attack back on the attacker.”

“Well, aren’t you the smart one,” said the black knight. “Nobody else

has worked it out quite so quickly.”

But it doesn’t even seem to care that I understand how the armor

works. The black knight is still convinced it has the upper hand.

And for now, that was true. I still didn’t have a strategy for countering

the armor. I had to assume that the black knight’s armor would also reflect

blunt weapons. Blades were of course out of the question. The armor

reflected any and every attack. We didn’t have any real choice but to avoid

battling the black knight entirely.

“Don’t think that running is an option,” said the black knight. “It’s not.

You two are much stronger than the others, so I’ll make you struggle, and

flail, and suffer, and then watch you die.”

“Then we don’t have any other choice,” I said. “We fight. The other

knights don’t stand a chance against this thing.”

“But, senpai, If the black knight really does reflect any attack, how do

we kill it?”

“Kazuki-kun. There’s something I want to try but it’s kind of reckless.”

My guess was that because the black knight uttered the word “reflect,”

there were certain conditions that had to be met for its counterattacks to

work. If that was true, I wanted to find out exactly where we could attack

from—that meant using nonlethal blows and attacking with light gashes

until we discovered a weak point.

I whispered the idea into Kazuki-kun’s ear and explained my strategy.

Then I had the knights behind us ready to handle the periphery.

“Senpai,” Kazuki-kun said, frowning, “that’s way too dangerous . . .”

“Hah!” I said with a grin. “If worse comes to worst, we’ll just get

Usato to heal us.”

Kazuki-kun sighed as I readied my sword.

“I just knew you were going to say something like that.”

Kazuki-kun was the key to my strategy working. I had to support him

at every turn.

“Let’s get to it, then!” I said.

I dashed at the black knight, with Kazuki-kun close behind.

“Hmph. Still intent on meeting your deaths. You should know better,”

said the black knight.

“Like we were ever going to back down!” I quipped.

The black knight morphed its armor into another piercing feeler thing,

which stretched out and aimed right for us. Attacking it would only mean

attacking ourselves, so we ducked under it. At the same time, I cast a ball of

lightning in my hand and pitched it at the black knight’s feet.

“Can’t stop this though, can you?” I said.

Dust flew up into the air with a flash, clouding the black knight’s

vision. Moving within the cover of dust, Kazuki-kun and I launched our

sneak attack, just as we planned. If it worked, we’d know that what it

couldn’t see could hurt it.

I kept completely silent as I sliced at the black knight’s shoulder. Then

I spun behind it and cut a shallow slash in a diagonal line along its back. In

the next instant, I felt heat run through my shoulder, followed by warm

blood spreading under my armor.

“Gr . . . I guess that didn’t work,” I muttered.

And from the blood flowing from Kazuki-kun’s cheek, I could see that

his attack didn’t work either.

The black knight burst into laughter.

“Kazuki-kun!” I shouted.

“Senpai!”

We couldn’t run, but we couldn’t fight back. The situation felt

hopeless. Maybe Usato-kun could have kept fighting, injury after injury, but

we weren’t used to dealing with such pain, and we felt stuck in place.

“I guess I’m just no different from any other ordinary human,” I

muttered.

In the world that I came from, I’d never been dealt a wound like this.

My shoulder hurt so bad I had to hold back the tears.

“Wait. My shoulder . . . ?”

I’d hit the black knight with two attacks—one to its shoulder and one

to its back. So why didn’t my back pulse with a similar pain? Why hadn’t

that attack been reflected? Kazuki-kun and I had attacked at the same time.

My first attack opened our offense, but I launched my second at the same

time as Kazuki-kun’s. But only his attack had been properly reflected.

“Is it possible . . . ? Kazuki-kun!” I shouted. “One more time! Attack!”

I sent lightning flowing to my feet.

“Bu——Okay! I’m on it!”

Kazuki-kun saw me crouched, then faced the black knight again. He

didn’t know what I had planned, but he did as I asked. He was nothing if

not the very height of reliability.

This might be our only chance. Come on, Kazuki-kun!

“Is your friend too scared to play?” teased the black knight.

“Shut it!”

More darkness flew out from the black knight to attack Kazuki-kun,

but he parried it with the flat of his sword.

“Try this!” said the black knight.

Kazuki-kun grunted as the black mass hit his sword hard, like a

hammer. But it didn’t stop him, and he closed in on the black knight.

Not yet, not yet. You need to draw it in further.

I gripped the sword tight in my right hand and saw it in my mind—saw

myself moving faster than anybody else, so overwhelmingly fast that I

couldn’t be stopped. The lightning gathering at my feet crackled, sending

sparks flashing across the ground. Kazuki-kun glanced at me briefly and

saw what I was planning, then put the sword he’d been using for defense in

its scabbard.

The black knight tilted its head, confused by Kazuki-kun’s odd

decision, but Kazuki-kun ignored it, gathering light in his hands before

slamming them together like a powerful clap.

“Got you!” he said.

A brilliant light filled the immediate area. The black knight responded

just as Kazuki-kun expected, lifting its arms to shield its eyes.

“Now,” I whispered.

With the black knight blinded and its attention taken away from me, I

had my chance. I released the magic charged in my legs and dove. My

abilities were energized by the lightning magic, and I quickly passed

Kazuki-kun and closed in on the black knight.

Still, I knew a frontal attack was useless. Even blinded, the black

knight had lost none of its power, and I couldn’t let Kazuki-kun’s decoy

attack be for nothing. I stopped in place and spun quickly to the black

knight’s back.

The black knight laughed.

“Blinding your opponent. Quite the textbook strategy!”

The black knight still hadn’t noticed that I’d moved behind it. I

gripped my sword and ran it through the black knight’s back with

everything I had. The black knight’s laughter vanished as the sword pushed

inside of it.

“What . . . the . . . ?” the black knight uttered.

“It hasn’t been reflected,” I said. “Does that mean . . . this works?”

When I’d attacked the black knight, only the attack to its back had

gone unreflected. I predicted that this was because the black knight hadn’t

been aware of it. So I put my theory to the test by getting to its back and

catching it by surprise. It was a dangerous bet, but my attack still hadn’t

been reflected.

“Did it work?” I asked.

Kazuki-kun went completely pale at the sight of me running my sword

through the black knight’s back but quickly became aware of the impact.

The black knight coughed, still impaled, and spat a chunk of something

black from the mouth area of its helmet.

“It worked?!” Kazuki-kun asked.

I saw black liquid dripping from the black knight’s armor. I was sure

my sword had hurt it. I drove it in even deeper.

“Kazuki-kun!” I shouted. “Now! Your attacks will work!”

Kazuki-kun leaped in with a battle cry.

“How . . . ? No . . .” spat the black knight. “Not here . . . not like . . .

this. Not . . .”

If we killed the black knight, we would make a huge dent in the demon

forces, and their morale would plummet. The tide of battle would quickly

turn in our favor. Kazuki-kun neared the black knight, channeling all his

strength into his sword, everything he had in a decisive, killing strike, when

—

“Not . . . ever,” said the black knight, its voice dripping with derision.

I felt a fierce pain shoot through my chest.

“Huh?” I exclaimed.

Blood stained my clothes through the gaps in my armor. It bubbled up

into my mouth. I released my sword and fell to my knees, unable to stand.

As I struggled to grasp what had just happened, blood splashed across my

cheek.

“No, Kazuki-kun!”

I looked up to see Kazuki-kun impaled on the black knight’s sword. He

was slumped there, his sword still held high. The black knight let loose a

terrifying laugh.

“W-Why?”

The black knight turned to look down at me.

“You thought your attacks could harm me. That was a mistake. This

armor is my magic. It is me. It is all-powerful, and nothing can hurt what

lies within it. The reflection isn’t automatic—I choose when to use it. It

doesn’t matter if I see an attack, feel it, or realize that it’s happening. None

of that matters at all.”

What even is that?

The black knight is a monster like no other.

Nobody even stands a chance.

I put a hand to my chest, blood still flowing from my wound, and

collapsed in a heap. A pool of red spread out underneath me, wetting my

cheek. My body grew weak, and my consciousness began to fade. And the

words that left my lips were, strangely, an apology to a person who wasn’t

even here.

“I’m so sorry . . . Usato . . . kun,” I whispered.



* * *



I looked down at the fallen heroes, then surveyed the battlefield. The

morale of the Llinger knights was broken, crumbling as the demons grew

more confident. It was simple, and I suppose simple was good enough. All

the same, I could not help but wonder what it was we would ultimately earn

with this battle.

“What did the Demon Lord have in mind, sending us out to this

battle?” I pondered. “If it was territory he wanted, there were better ways to

take it . . . Hm. In any case, it is no bother of mine.”

The two heroes had seemed like worthy foes, but now they were little

more than disgraced heaps before me. I saw nothing more of value in this

battle.

It was always like this.

Since the day I was born, none could hurt me. Neither demon nor

human—not even my parents.

All of them had died, just as these heroes would.

“And so it ends . . .”

I put my sword in my opposite hand and turned to the female. There

was still breath in her yet. She held a hand to her chest as she struggled to

glare at me. I did not care. I aimed my blade at her heart. It would not miss

its target.

“You provided me some enjoyment, human,” I said.

And then I brought my sword down.

“Not on my watch!”

The shout of a youthful voice rang in my ears.

“Hngh?”

I let out something of a stupid grunt in surprise, and as I turned to the

sound, a force unlike anything I had ever felt slammed into my cheek.

“Ouch!”


Chapter 2: Bam! The Healing Punch!





My head went completely blank. I was confronted by the exact sight

I’d already seen: Inukami-senpai and Kazuki collapsed on the ground, the

knight in black armor preparing to finish them off for good.

“Am I too late?! No, there’s still time!” I yelled.

Once I sent the black knight flying with my strike, I rushed to

Inukami-senpai and Kazuki and started healing them. Inukami-senpai had

been stabbed in the back and through her chest. Kazuki had a similar

wound, like he’d been impaled on a blade.

The wounds were fatal.

Or at least, they would have been if it wasn’t for me. I could heal any

wound they suffered so long as they still drew breath.

“U-Usato-kun . . . I never thought . . . you’d come to me in a dream as

I lay dying . . . Just once, would you . . . call me . . . Suzu-tan . . . ?”

“You’re in better shape than I thought, Inukami-senpai. I’m going to

heal Kazuki first.”

“Wa-Wait. Wait. Better shape . . . ? I have a hole in me . . .”

Girl gets run through with a sword and still has time for jokes? Is she

for real? Talk about a turn-off.

But it was true that her wound was deep. Fortunately, not so deep I

couldn’t heal it. I moved on to Kazuki, who was still unconscious. I had to

heal him too, but—

“Usato-kun! Behind you!”

I reflexively hefted Inukami-senpai and Kazuki into my arms and

leaped away. I sent healing magic pulsing through my arms and looked

behind me. The black knight had brought its sword down right where I had

stood. I felt a cold trickle of sweat run down my back—a moment later and

I’d have been dead.

“Th-That was too close for comfort! Thanks, senpai.”

“Don’t mention it. Worth it for a chance to be carried in your arms.”

“Does anything faze you?”

It looked like she was healed enough that she could speak, but her

comment felt entirely unsuited to the battlefield.

The black knight stood with its sword still in the ground. It let out a

roar not unlike a wild beast.

“Huh?” I said.

The black knight raised its head to face me.

“Who the hell are you?!” it shouted.

“Your helmet, it . . .”

The side of the helmet I’d punched had crumbled away, showing half

of the face hidden behind it. It had the tanned skin and silver hair unique to

demons, but the features were that of a young girl.

“That massive knight is female?!” I asked.

Anybody would have assumed that the wearer of the black armor was

a giant of a man. I turned to Inukami-senpai, whose expression was one of

shock.

“You hurt it . . .” she muttered.

Wait. That’s what you’re surprised about?! That I hurt it?

Is the black knight special or something?

“Uh, sorry, but can you get me up to speed on what’s going on?” I

asked.

“Huh? Oh, right. Of course. You don’t know.”

Inukami-senpai explained the black knight’s abilities to me.

Apparently, the knight used a crazy magic that reflected any attack on her

armor back onto her attacker. Inukami-senpai, Kazuki, the knights—they’d

all fallen to the armor’s power, unable to counter it.

“The hell?” I said. “That’s gotta be against the rules, no?”

Still wary of our main foe, I glanced at the fallen Llinger knights. They

were in bad shape, but they were still breathing. I could still save them. I

had to hand it to the knights of this world—they were survivors.

I lowered senpai and Kazuki to the ground; their wounds were mostly

healed.

As I watched the black knight, her black armor grew stranger the

longer I looked at it. If it was constructed by magic, then it was likely dark

magic. I tried to remember what was written about it in the book that Rose

gave me. If I recalled correctly, it wasn’t just rare—dark magic offered very

unique powers and was far better suited to battle than any other magic

types.

I stepped away from Inukami-senpai and Kazuki. I wanted to keep

them out of it.

The black knight put a hand to her red, swollen cheek. Her face

twitched with a mix of emotions, and then she began to cackle with

laughter.

Oh, man, she’s crazy. And not crazy like Inukami-senpai is crazy. First

I fight a bear, then a snake, now a lunatic. Am I ever going to fight a normal

person or what?

I didn’t want to fight, but I had to do something, and I had to do it

quickly if I wanted to save the fallen knights. I took a step forward,

enveloping my body in healing magic.

“Usato-kun?!”

“I’ll take care of this,” I said. “In the meantime, use your first aid

magic to keep those knights on life support.”

If the black knight reflected attacks back at me, it didn’t matter. I could

heal my own injuries. But I had to render it powerless, which meant either

throwing it somewhere far into the distance or tying it down.

“S-Stop!” cried Inukami-senpai as I leaped toward the black knight.

“You don’t stand a chance!”

The black knight morphed her armor into a huge arm and swung it at

me, but the attack was one-note—far too basic. It was meant to draw an

attack from the enemy that could be reflected. And maybe that was what

would happen, but the pain wouldn’t bother me. I launched a right kick and

felt a sickly slimy sensation on the sole of my boot as I sent the arm flying.

My foot, it doesn’t hurt. Did she not reflect it?

“What?!” shouted the black knight.

I couldn’t understand why she was shocked when she was the one

doing the attacking. Still, I didn’t feel even a sliver of pain.

Something isn’t right. She can’t possibly be out of magic already.

Perhaps she didn’t use reflect this time.

The giant arm swung at me again. I parried the blow and got closer to

the black knight, using a spin kick to knock the arm out of my path. It

wobbled like an octopus tentacle and I crushed it under my foot, closing in

even closer to the black knight.

“Take this!”

I spun and launched a right hook at the black knight with enough force

to send her arm flying. But the right hook was just to put the black knight

where I wanted her. The real strike was my left! She didn’t even try to

defend and simply ate my left punch with a sputter.

“Huh?” I muttered.

Is this really as strong as she gets? She’s all wobbly on her feet

already.

But I had to assume that this might be part of the black knight’s

strategy. For all I knew, she was luring me into a false sense of security so

she could launch a surprise attack. I wasn’t doing any heavy damage with

my attacks wrapped in healing magic, so I saw right through her act.

I reached up and grabbed the black knight by her neck, looking to

throw her to the ground. Suddenly, however, the solid sensation of her

armor disappeared under my grasp.

“Huh?! Whoa!”

I looked at my hand, from which a muddy black liquid bubbled and

spilled.

What the hell is this armor?! I don’t get it!

“Oop!” I sputtered, noticing the black knight’s other hand flying

toward me.

I leaped back to where Inukami-senpai was. If I couldn’t grab ahold of

the black knight, that meant throwing her was no longer an option.

The only thing left was to stop her, restrain her somehow. That meant

giving her a good smack to dull her senses first.

“Inukami-senpai, do we have something to bind the black knight

with?” I asked.

“Nothing at hand, but . . . why?”

“I want to tie her up.”

Uh-oh. I can see by that look on her face that she’s getting entirely the

wrong idea.

“Yeah, no,” I said. “I’m not into bondage.”

“At least let me say something before you jump to conclusions.”

“Guess I’ll have to think of something else.”

I turned to face the black knight, healing magic wrapping around me as

I clenched my fists.

“Let’s do this,” I whispered.

My coat flew out behind me as I launched myself at the black knight.

In response, she morphed her armor into tentacle-like weapons and sent

them straight at me.

“Die!” she shouted.

“Not even if you asked nicely!”

I twisted my body and dodged one of her attacks. I weaved past the

ones I could and knocked the others away with my hand. Her attacks were

much slower than I expected. I could easily handle even more than this.

The black knight shouted, enraged, and created a huge arm with a

sharp spike at the front of it. It was a brutal-looking weapon. She drew the

spike in and then fired it like a bullet.

“Take this!” she shouted.

I’m moving too fast toward her now. I won’t be able to get out of the

way.

“If I can’t dodge it, then I’ve got no other choice!”

I thrust my palm out in front of my face to meet the black knight’s

attack head-on. Blood burst from my hand as the spike ran right through it.

I clenched my teeth hard, gritting through the pain, then grabbed ahold of

the black knight’s giant arm and pulled it as hard as I could.

“Huh?!” she grunted.

The black knight was pulled off balance, but her glare remained locked

on me. She unsheathed her sword and swung it at me even as she was

pulled out of her stance.

“Whoa?!” I cried, bending my body sideways to dodge the blade

coming straight for my head.

No healing for the headless! Gotta be careful! But—

“I’ll never let you hit me!” I shouted.

I weaved under the swipe of the black knight’s sword and launched an

elbow into her side, which she’d left open. It was a light attack, and one I

knew wouldn’t slow me down even if it was reflected. I didn’t expect it to

have much of an impact, but . . .

“Oof!” she grunted.

“She’s hurt?!”

The black knight took a step backward, wobbling on her feet. I

couldn’t understand why she was reeling from my attack. But I didn’t have

time to linger on the thought—I needed to bring her down quickly or I’d

never heal the knights in time.

“Let’s end this,” I said, wrapping my fist in healing magic.

I readied myself for another round, then jumped in.



* * *



I simply couldn’t believe my eyes. Couldn’t believe what I was seeing.

Usato-kun, wrapped in healing magic, was pushing the black knight back. It

was completely one-sided. When the black knight tried to attack with her

armor, it was deflected. When she swung her sword, her attacks were

quickly evaded.

The black knight didn’t know how to fight. Her attacks were easy to

follow, and even the knight captain—whom I kept on life support with first

aid magic—could have easily taken her down. But what made the black

knight terrifying was not her fighting ability; it was the magic that allowed

her to reflect any attack.

And yet here was Usato-kun, in the face of this impenetrable magic,

landing punch after punch on the black knight as if it were nothing.

Usato-kun grunted as he launched a kick. The black knight heaved as

she took the shot, the attack easily breaking the black clump she’d put up to

defend herself. But even then, Usato-kun never looked as if he felt his own

hits reflected back at him.

I couldn’t understand it. The magic of the black knight’s armor was

still at work, but for some reason, it had no effect on Usato-kun.

Why is Usato-kun using his healing magic, anyway?

I knew that he used his healing magic to stave off exhaustion, but he

had the healing magic encircling his fists and feet too.

Doesn’t that mean that with every attack, he’s healing the black

knight?

“No way,” I stated out loud.

Is there something about Usato-kun’s healing magic that counters the

black knight’s own magic?

Whenever the black knight launched a feeler at Usato-kun, it was

countered by a strike of some kind and its form crumbled into a kind of

sludge. Usato-kun didn’t seem to notice it himself, but every time he hit the

armor, the healing light around his arms dimmed noticeably for an instant.

That can only mean that—

“The black armor’s weakness is healing magic,” I stated.

Perhaps, I mused, some unique property of the black knight’s armor

was allowing for Usato-kun’s attacks to break through her otherwise

impenetrable armor. I tried to think. For attacks to be reflected, the black

armor needed to be damaged. That meant blunt-force attacks, slices, and

stabbing. All of them left damage. And as long as the black knight was

aware of that damage, she could fire it back at the attacker. I’d felt it

firsthand.

However you looked at it, the black armor was incredibly dangerous,

even invincible.

And yet it had a weakness.

“It’s healing magic,” I repeated.

Usato-kun landed a heavy chop on the black knight’s shoulder with a

furious glare, then slammed a palm into the black knight’s stomach,

doubling her over.

Healing magic gave its caster the ability to heal the wounds of living

creatures. But those who awoke to the power couldn’t use non-elemental

magic—that meant no attack magic. As far as I could tell, the black knight’s

armor wasn’t registering Usato-kun’s fists as damage.

But right now, it didn’t matter why Usato-kun was using his healing

magic—it only mattered that whenever the magic came in contact with the

armor, the armor seemed to melt, allowing Usato-kun’s attacks through.

“The black knight’s armor reflects any damage it takes, but it can’t

reflect Usato-kun’s attacks because he’s healing his attacks before they can

be reflected.”

All that remained, then, was Usato-kun’s fists. His kicks and palm

strikes. This was above and beyond simply hitting and being hurt. I couldn’t

help but laugh. It was outrageous. Unbelievable.

“That is not how you’re supposed to use healing magic,” I muttered.

Even if you could use healing magic, who would even think to use it

when attacking? And since when did healers run around beating people up,

anyway?

The answer, of course, was they didn’t.

Just then, the black knight let out an enraged, frenzied cry at the one-

sided barrage, raising her sword up high and wrapping it in her black armor.

“Wha?!” sputtered Usato-kun.

“You . . . You . . . I’ll kill yoooou!!”

The black knight’s eyes, visible through part of her helmet, were

empty. She’d lost the grip on her own sanity. Her armor crawled and

writhed in response to her shout, flowing to her sword. It wrapped around

the blade, transforming it into a huge great sword. Usato-kun seemed to

sense the danger and leaped back to where I was.

“U-Usato-kun?!”

“No need to worry. I’ll finish her here and now.”

“Finish her?!”

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing, but Usato-kun stared straight

ahead at the black knight, swinging her sword. She’d lost sight of

everything but him. She swung her sword recklessly, wildly, prepared to

destroy everything and anything in her path.

“I don’t know what magic she uses and I don’t care,” said Usato-kun.

“My job is still the same: make sure she can’t hurt anyone else and help the

fallen knights.”

He clenched his fist tight, pouring his magic into it. It was just like the

first time I saw it: a beautiful and warm healing light. He dashed toward the

knight, his right fist held back and emanating a green glow.

“Usato-kun!”

I called his name before I even realized. But he was beyond my worry

and my fears, picking up speed with each step he took. The light of the

healing magic trailed behind him like a green comet. Usato-kun had worked

hard to make the most of the two things he’d come to this world with—his

physical abilities and his healing magic. Not even the black knight’s sword

could stand in his way.

Which was why Usato-kun’s fist slammed into the black knight’s

stomach. She heaved at the impact of the strike. Perhaps due to the

overwhelming amount of magic, her body glowed green through the gaps in

her black armor for a brief instant. But one thing was clear: the strike had

knocked her out cold. She collapsed and Usato-kun quickly tied her up in

his Rescue Team coat.

“Talk about a sudden death round . . . Or, uh . . . sudden life, I guess?”

muttered Usato-kun, hefting the black knight onto his shoulder. “Well,

whatever. At least the healing punch finished the job.”

All I could do was watch, perplexed, my head tilted in confusion.

With the black knight tied up and out of action, Usato-kun ran over to

me and began healing the knights I’d been keeping alive with first aid

magic.

He’s so quick. Just like when he healed my wounds. Real healing

magic is on a whole other level.

“What’s a healing punch?” I asked as I watched the color return to the

knights’ faces. “You’ve got me totally stumped.”

Usato-kun looked suddenly awkward.

“Oh,” he said. “You, uh . . . you heard that?”

Why does he suddenly look like I’m the last person he wants to explain

it to?!

“It’s just wrapping my fist in healing magic. That’s it. The captain

taught me.”

“Rose?”

“Yep. She said that if your aim is just to knock someone out, then you

heal ’em as you hit ’em. I’m kind of a coward, you know? I don’t want to

hurt anyone, so it sounded like a good idea to me.”

“Hm? Huh? Wait, Usato-kun. I think you’ve got things mixed up.”

So the logic is: you hit them to hurt them, but then you heal them, and

because you heal them, it’s okay? That doesn’t make sense. In the end,

you’re still hitting them!

Usato looked perplexed at my own confusion.

“Hm? Is something wrong? I mean, all her injuries are healed. She

went unconscious because of the shock and the pain, but now she’s not a

problem, and I didn’t even leave a bruise. I’ve actually already used this

attack a few times to keep enemies off of me, and it feels pretty great.”

Usato-kun, someone has had a really legit bad influence on you.

Then again, there’s something crazy and insane about this world that’s

having that same influence on all of us.

“Hm . . .”

If not for the way the black knight’s armor reacted to Usato-kun’s

healing punch, we would have been goners. That much is certain.

“You’re so reliable, Usato-kun.”

“Nah, I don’t deserve that kind of praise. But more importantly, what

are we going to do about the black knight?” asked Usato-kun, pointing to

the girl on his shoulders as he stood. “I can’t just stay here with her for the

rest of the battle.”

“She’ll be taken as a prisoner, I imagine.”

“They won’t torture her or anything like that, will they?”

I kind of feel like someone already tortured her, to be honest.

But I didn’t think that was what Usato-kun was getting at.

“King Lloyd doesn’t seem like the type,” I said. “I’m sure they’ll only

go as far as interrogating her.”

Lloyd was such a kind ruler. I just couldn’t imagine him being cruel.

But there was one thing that kept bothering me.

“How long are you going to stand there carrying the black kni . . . I

mean her on your shoulder?”

Isn’t it fine just to put her on the ground? No? You’ll make a girl a

little jealous. You’ll make me jealous.

Usato-kun looked a little sheepish as he glanced at the black knight.

“My Rescue Team uniform acts as a kind of beacon. It lets knights

know where the Rescue Team members are. So I can’t just leave her lying

around,” he explained.

“I see. Then we’ll have the knights bring a rope or something. And

also . . .” I began.

“And also?”

“Thanks. You saved us. If you hadn’t come when you did, we’d all be

dead,” I concluded.

That wound of mine was fatal.

It hurt like nothing I’d ever known.

I’ll never forget the feeling of my blood leaking, draining from my

body like that. I remember the words of regret that ran through my head: Is

this where it ends? To die without even leaving a mark, to die having

achieved nothing. To die as I let my friends and brothers in arms die around

me.

It was the overwhelming pain of having given it my best, only to be left

unable to keep my promise to protect the kingdom—the place we now called

home.

Those thoughts crowded my brain, drowning me, and then . . . you

came.

And I couldn’t have been happier.

You saved us, just like you told me you would when we were at the

training grounds. That made me so, so happy.

“Of course I came,” Usato-kun said with a relieved smile. “You’re my

senpai, and Kazuki is my friend.”

I nodded.

“But anyway, it looks like the enemy forces are retreating, senpai.

Might be because we took down the black knight. One more push by the

Llinger forces and the battle will swing in our favor.”

Guess I’ll have to save my gushing for later.

Usato-kun was right—our forces were fighting back, and with Siglis

leading them, we had a real fighting chance.

“Suzune-sama! Kazuki-sama is awake!” cried a nearby knight.

Usato-kun and I rushed over to Kazuki-kun. It seemed he’d heard the

details of the battle from the knight by his side, and he flashed us a smile as

he rubbed at his stomach, where he’d been wounded.

“Are you okay, Kazuki?” asked Usato-kun.

Kazuki-kun laughed.

“Looks like you made it just in time. Thanks. You saved my life.”

“I’m so sorry,” I said. “This never would have happened if I hadn’t

been so reckless.”

“Don’t apologize. We didn’t have much of a choice against that black

knight,” Kazuki responded.

Kazuki-kun stood to his feet and sheathed his sword. He gave his

cheeks a slap as if he were waking himself up after a nap.

“Alright!” he said. “We’ve got a battle to fight, senpai! Let’s go help

the knights at the front lines!”

There was no point in asking him if he was sure he was okay—my

own wounds were just as healed as his were. And we both had Usato-kun to

thank for that. He’d brought us back from the literal brink of death.

Hm . . .

“Usato-kun, my life is now in your—”

“Save the small talk for later, yeah?”

I swallowed my words and looked out at the battlefield. The Llinger

forces were fighting back and pushing the Demon Lord’s army back. It

wouldn’t be easy, but if we could keep up the pressure, we had a real

chance of achieving victory here.

“Let’s hit them hard before they can regroup,” I said. “Kazuki-kun, are

you ready?”

“Good to go!”

“I’ll head to the front lines just as soon as I make sure the black knight

is properly bound,” added Usato-kun.

“In that case, it looks like this is where we’ll part ways for a time,”

said Kazuki-kun.

Usato-kun was as important to this battle as we were, though for

different reasons. He couldn’t afford to stay here for the entire battle with

the black knight bound in his coat. A knight delivered him the rope we’d

asked for and he quickly tied up the black knight’s arms and legs.

But it was kind of, well . . .

“I’m getting kind of—no. I’m getting strong sinful and indecent vibes

from this,” I said.

“I told you already,” said Usato-kun, “I’m not into that kind of thing!”

Now that the black knight wasn’t going to be an issue, Usato-kun took

back his coat and gave it a shake to make sure it wasn’t ripped or torn

anywhere. It looked like it had some weight to it.

“Well, that takes care of that, then,” he said as he put his coat back on.

“Sir Usato, what should we do with her?” asked a knight.

“I don’t have the authority to decide, so we’ll have to leave that to

Commander Siglis. Can I ask you to watch over her until he has a chance to

make a decision? I’ll be needed on the front lines.”

“Yes, sir!” replied the knight, nothing if not conscientious.

Usato-kun nodded, feeling a bit awkward at the interaction, but by the

time he turned back to face Kazuki-kun and me, he had his game face on.

“Senpai, Kazuki,” he said. “Please don’t put yourself in danger like

that again. My healing magic is not all-powerful. Even I can’t raise the

dead.”

“Got it. We’ll try not to push it. You look out for yourself too, okay?” I

told him.

Usato-kun looked relieved at my reply. Then he turned away from us

and got ready to dash back out and into battle. Kazuki-kun and I were

readying ourselves to do the same.

“Good luck out there, Usato-kun,” I whispered.

But as I turned back to the knights awaiting my orders—

