We entered the room. The first thing I noticed was the sunlight

streaming into the room.

I had expected an elderly sort of person but was instead faced with a

much younger woman than I had imagined. She relaxed in her chair and

smiled at us as if she were greeting an old friend.

“Allow me to welcome you all to Luqvist,” she said.

I could feel her watching me. That was the first feeling I got—of a

strong gaze upon us. The sun pouring in behind her gave her a gentle

expression, which, after passing over us, met with Halpha, who stood

behind us.

“Thank you, Halpha,” she said, her voice ringing with kindness.

“You’re welcome. I shall take my leave,” he said, bowing and then

leaving the room.

“It’s nice to meet you,” said the woman with a friendly smile. “I am Ira

Gladys, the person to whom Luqvist has been entrusted.”

So this person governs not just the school, but also the city of Luqvist.

And she’s so young too. At a glance, she looks like she might be just a bit

older than Rose.

“I apologize for the suddenness of our visit,” said Welcie. “It has been

a long time, Headmistress Gladys.”

“It certainly has, hasn’t it? I’m glad to see you again, Welcie. Would

you be so kind as to let the three children behind you introduce

themselves?”

“But of course,” said Welcie, taking a step to the side.

So Welcie and Gladys knew each other. Then again, they were both

experienced hands in the field of magic—it would have been weirder if they

didn’t know each other. As I was thinking about how they might be

acquainted, the heroes and I introduced ourselves.

“Suzune Inukami. It is our honor to meet you.”

“Kazuki Ryusen.”

“Ken Usato.”

“And all of you so full of potential,” said Gladys, admiringly. “Though

I don’t believe you came all this way just to introduce yourselves.”

“We did not,” said Welcie. “We come today to inform you of the crisis

that is fast approaching our continent.”

She then took a letter from her person and handed it respectfully to

Gladys, who took it in hand and quietly looked over its contents. Though it

would have been written in a hurry, ultimately Luqvist was a school for

children. With that in mind, the letter was not asking for military

cooperation, but other kinds of support. Would they accept its contents,

however politely it was written? If it was written like some kind of

conscription, explaining the situation could be difficult.




The room fell into a silence so deep that even the sound of the paper

rustling seemed deafening. Fear began to build until suddenly Gladys let

out a gentle sigh and put the letter on her desk.

“Support against the Demon Lord’s army,” she said. “I heard that you

were victorious in your last battle, no?”

“It was a battle that, for all intents and purposes, we should have lost.

That we emerged victorious was only due to the heroes and healer that

stand before you and the help of a particular young girl.”

Amako. If she hadn’t been there, the battle would have been a disaster.

The war would have crossed over into truly dangerous territory.

“But I am amazed you would send the heroes themselves. Am I to

believe the king is serious about this?”

“Yes. We are painfully aware of how little words can mean on their

own.”

“Going so far to prove his earnestness. Then again, that is one of his

merits.”

Gladys crossed her arms as she thought, then looked once more at

Kazuki and Inukami-senpai.

“Now that I know they’re heroes, I can see that they’re quite cultured.

Well educated, it would seem. After all, they were selected from another

world. As for this one,” Gladys said, looking at me with some suspicion and

confusion, “judging by his uniform, is it safe to say he is one of . . . hers?”

I wasn’t surprised by her confusion. There were the two heroes with

their special abilities and then me—a healer struggling just to keep up.

Gladys’s confusion was only natural.

Welcie seemed to sense Gladys’s thoughts and jumped in with an

explanation.

“Usato is a healer, like Rose. He came from the same world as the

heroes. That is the reason that he is here today, also.”

Gladys’s eyes went wide.

“Hm? Then are you telling me that he’s another one?”

“Indeed. Though it may not be obvious from his appearance, Rose has

given him her personal stamp of approval.”

“Well then. I had wondered, given the similar uniform. But you can’t

judge a book by its cover, can you?”

Hang on a second. Gladys seems to know about Rose, but me and her,

we’re different people. I’m not a sadist or the sort of person to watch over

people writhing in agony without batting an eyelid.

I wasn’t particularly happy about the idea that Gladys might be getting

entirely the wrong idea about me. The headmistress put her fingers to her

forehead and a stern expression colored her features.

“Given the weight of this request, certainly you understand that this is

not a decision I can make on my own. Would you mind waiting for a time?

We will need to discuss the matter internally. Or are you in a hurry?”

“We are more than happy to wait until you come to an official

decision. We are, after all, making an important request of you,” Welcie told

her.

“Then please allow me to arrange your accommodation,” said Gladys.

“You are guests here, and you will be treated as such.”

“Your kindness is much appreciated,” Welcie said.

I was surprised—everything seemed to be going very smoothly.

Luqvist would discuss the matter and prepare a place for us to stay.

I wonder if everything will go as smoothly for me? Probably not, given

that my last stop is a place considered unkind to humans.

“So I guess we’re just waiting then,” whispered Kazuki.

“Nothing else we can do,” I replied, relieved.

Maybe it would take a little time, but at least everything was going to

plan. As an added bonus, we didn’t have to worry about searching for a

place to stay. Still, I hadn’t been aware of it when we entered, but all the

nerves of this first meeting had left me pretty tired. Just then, I saw Gladys

take a glossy stone in hand and mutter into it. In the next instant, the door to

her office opened and Halpha walked in.

“Halpha,” said Gladys, “would you mind arranging accommodation

for our guests and showing them to it?”

“As you wish,” said Halpha with a bow. “Please follow me, everyone.”

We left the office at Halpha’s gesture, but not before bowing to Gladys

ourselves. Gladys’s smile deepened as we did so, and she seemed to

remember something.

“Ah, yes,” she said. “For the few days you’ll be here as we make our

decision, perhaps you’d like to see some of the classes here at our school.

I’m sure it would be inspiring for our students to be in the presence of ones

with such outstanding abilities. That said, it is by no means compulsory.”

“Really?! You’ll let us do that?!”

As expected, senpai was all in.

“S-Suzune-sama!” said Welcie.

Senpai was over the moon, and Kazuki and I could only chuckle at it.

Gladys seemed surprised by senpai’s enthusiasm.

“Please, calm down, senpai,” I said, taking Inukami-senpai by the arm

and dragging her away as she attempted to rush Gladys. “My apologies. She

was just as excited even before we got here.”

“Wha?! Huh?! Let me go, Usato-kun! Is this who you really are?! The

forceful type?!”

“Come along now,” I said.

She spoke crazy like this all the time, but there was no need for Gladys

to have to know that. And the longer we stayed here, the more likely senpai

was to reveal her true self. If at all possible, we wanted Gladys to think of

Inukami-senpai in a more favorable light.

“Well then, we’ll be excusing ourselves,” I said, dragging senpai from

the room and following after Halpha.

Kazuki and Welcie seemed wide-eyed as they watched me, but that

might have been my imagination. I mean, all I’d done was drag the

instinctively loyal Inukami-senpai out of the room.

“Kazuki-sama,” said Welcie. “Perhaps it would be wisest to let Usato-

sama take care of Suzune-sama from now on.”

“You make a good point. I think that’s for the best.”

Come on, guys. Don’t make me do this on my own.

“Hmph,” said senpai. “A wonderful idea. Consider me fully on board.”

“I am going to throw you out of the school grounds,” I muttered.

And why was she agreeing with them, anyway?



* * *



The accommodation that Halpha brought us to was practically next

door to the school proper. According to him, Gladys had already considered

our accompanying knights and had readied rooms for our whole party. I was

happy to hear that Aruku and the others would be able to rest and relax.

They’d spent the whole of this journey focused on our protection. I’d spent

our breaks healing their exhaustion with my magic, but there was nothing I

could do about their mental weariness. I hoped they could use these few

days to relax both their minds and their bodies.

Anyway, now that our accommodation was all set, it was time to move

on to what needed handling next. We would need to move our luggage at

some point, but my first priority was to help out Amako. So once I made

sure senpai and Kazuki had gone into our lodging, I called out to Welcie.

“I’m going to tell Aruku and the other knights about this place,” I told

her. “And also . . . thank you for doing all of that for us today.”

Welcie smiled awkwardly. She seemed almost apologetic for it.

“This is truly nothing at all,” she said. “It’s certainly much harder for

you than it is for me.”

“Well, you can say that, but I chose to accept it,” I said. “And besides,

I feel like I owe it to the Llinger Kingdom for treating me so well.”

“Suzune-sama and Kazuki-sama both said the same thing,” said

Welcie, still looking apologetic about it all.

I finally realized then that Welcie still harbored some feelings of guilt

within her because it was her who had summoned the three of us to this

world. After everything we’d been through, we’d come to terms with it.

Kazuki, Inukami-senpai, and I—none of us harbored any ill will toward the

people of Llinger Kingdom. They had their own unavoidable reasons for

summoning us, and they treated us very well for it.

“I’m really glad that I met you and all the other people I’ve

encountered since I got here,” I said. “I got to make friends with a cool guy

like Kazuki and a pretty girl like Inukami-senpai. That’s more than enough

for me.”

“You . . . you probably shouldn’t say that in front of Suzune-sama,”

Welcie said.

“Yeah, that’s true. I guess it’s our secret then.”

Welcie giggled.

“My lips are sealed.”

Her smile relaxed and the guilt seemed to dissipate from her voice. I

really hoped she wouldn’t say anything to senpai though. I’d said too much

for a guy like me—I felt like I was putting on an act, like I was selling

myself like a playboy.

“Okay, well, I’ll be off then,” I said.

“See you when you return.”

I felt suddenly less bold than I had earlier, and I turned from Welcie

shamefully. After what I’d already said, I figured I shouldn’t play more into

the character. I always ended up feeling kind of embarrassed like this. I felt

myself blushing as I headed back the way we’d come, for the gates.



It was nearing dusk, and there were far fewer people on the streets.

The main streets were more relaxed as I walked them.

I noticed a group of robed people heading toward an alley. Among

them was the boy I’d seen when we first arrived. I couldn’t see his face

because he had his head down, but something didn’t feel right.

I got curious, so I peeked into the alley into which they’d all turned. At

the end of it was another square, not unlike a park. There was a group of

robed students there casting magic from the palms of their hands, chatting,

and laughing. The boy I’d met earlier simply watched the magic casting

with no expression, but there was nothing particularly out of the ordinary

about it. Outside of the magic, in fact, it looked just like any other park

from my home world.

“Maybe I was just imagining things,” I said.

I’d prepared myself to see bullying or something like it, but it seemed

like my worries were entirely misplaced. Most likely, I was just on edge

because that beastkin girl had attacked me earlier.

I headed back to the main road and got to walking again. That boy was

different to the other kids. His robe was dirty with soot. The other kids were

about the same age as Amako, and their robes were pristine. The difference

wasn’t anything more than that, but I just couldn’t seem to let it go.

Something bothered me.

Then again, maybe I shouldn’t go poking my nose into what isn’t my

business. I don’t want to get pulled into anything that’ll get me in trouble.

The topic filled my thoughts until I reached the gates. I found Aruku

and Amako near the stables, where the carriage was. I was glad to see

Blurin looking peacefully calm too. I waved at them.

“Sir Usato!” called Aruku, waving back when he saw me.

I mentally ran over everything we’d been through so I could

summarize it for Aruku. I gave him the rundown.

“Ah, the lodging in front of the school. Yes, I know the place,” said

Aruku.

Surprisingly enough, I didn’t have to explain very much.

“There’s no need to worry about us,” said Aruku with a smile. “I

already know the way to the lodging, so you and Amako are free to visit her

friends. I’m sure it’s been a long time and she’ll want to see them as soon as

possible.”

This guy . . . nothing if not considerate.

“Thank you so much, Aruku,” I said. “Come on, Amako. You say

thanks too.”

“Thank you . . . Sir . . . Aruku.”

Come to think of it, why doesn’t she ever call me “sir”? I mean, I’m

older than her, right?

I leaned down to ask, but she spoke before I could say anything.

“It’s too embarrassing to call you ‘sir,’” she said.

“Wait, what does that mean?”

Is she talking about how much she likes me? Or does she mean that

she doesn’t want to call me “sir”? I wish she’d be a little clearer.

Aruku chuckled.

“I’ll leave two people here to watch over things, so if anything

happens, feel free to let them know. We’ll take care of Blurin too,” Aruku

confirmed.

“Thank you so much for all of this, Aruku. Alright then, let’s get going,

shall we, Amako?”

“Okay,” said the beastkin. “It’s this way.”

Aruku was so reliable. He was the very definition of the word.



With Amako leading me by the hand, we walked through town. She

was bright and happy, and I could see her tail wagging underneath her white

cloak.

“Oh, right,” I said, suddenly remembering that I had to tell Amako

about the beastkin that had attacked me earlier in the day. “Amako? I should

probably tell you about something before we meet up with your friend.”

“They live nearby, so we’ll get to them soon. I can’t wait to introduce

you!”

“Yeah, wait, about that . . .”

She was so happy I couldn’t have slowed her down even if I’d tried.

If the person we were going to meet was the same girl who punched

me, there was a chance she might attack me on sight. As I was wracking my

brain for what to do, we left the wide main street for a narrow alleyway. It

scared me how dark it suddenly got, and then Amako suddenly came to a

stop.

“Here it is,” she said.

In front of us was a run-down house with a hint of light leaking from

its windows. It didn’t look like it was going to crumble anytime soon, but

the dark atmosphere gave it a creepy vibe.

Are there people seriously living here?

“It’s easier for us to live in places like this,” said Amako.

“Oh, I see.”

Nobody willingly chose to live in a dank, creepy place like this. That

explained the location and the appearance. Still, it bothered me that the area

was so deserted. This afternoon, the girl hadn’t been going full power, but

there was every chance that, this time, she might come at me with

everything she had.

“Amako,” I said, “if I’m here, I’ll just get in the way of you catching

up with your friends after so long. So you just go have fun without me. I’m

happy just seeing you happy.”

“What are you talking about? You should meet them too. Don’t make

excuses . . . I don’t mind at all if you’re here . . . No, you won’t get in the

way . . . You’re being weird, Usato . . . Are you hiding something?”

“Look at you, just shutting down our conversation so naturally before

we can even have it,” I said. “You already know everything I wanted to

say.”

It was like she was reading my mind, except she was reading the

future. She could see the conversations we would conceivably have. It

usually made things easier—she took away the work of actually having the

conversation. But because she could see what I was going to say, she could

shut down my excuses before I could say them. I’d never win an argument

against her in my life.

If I could use prescience, I’d get back at Rose by . . . Wait, that

wouldn’t work. It doesn’t work physically.

“Fine, fine,” I said, giving up. “Here’s the deal . . .”

I told Amako all about what happened earlier in the day. When I

described what the beastkin girl looked like, she matched the person that

Amako wanted me to meet. It wasn’t what Amako wanted to hear, and she

was even more shocked that I’d been punched.

“Okay, I understand,” said Amako. “You stand behind me, and I’ll

clear things up.”

“Look at me,” I said, sighing, “hiding behind a girl so much younger

than me.”

Amako stood in front of me and knocked on the door of the house. At

first, there was nothing. Then Amako suddenly shivered where she stood

and leaped to the side without even saying a word.

Huh? Why would she jump like that?

“So you found out where I live, huh, monster?!”

Just as Amako jumped out of the way, the door burst open with a kick

and someone leaped out at me with a broom in hand.

“Oh . . . now I get it,” I said.

I could see where this was going because of the voice, which I

recognized, and the broom that came swinging for me. I let out a sigh and

cast healing magic around myself. I could tell immediately by the burning

rage in the girl’s almond-shaped eyes that she wasn’t about to listen to

reason.

So Amako dodged out of the way to avoid this, huh? That makes sense,

but I wish she could have said something to me.

I stepped out of the way of the incoming broom and put some distance

between myself and my attacker. The girl was up in arms, poking her broom

toward me menacingly.

“I don’t know what kind of monster you are,” she said, “but I won’t let

you touch anybody here!”

“Okay,” I said, “let’s hold up a minute. First, a correction, if I may. I’m

human. Take a look. I’m no different from other humans, right?”

I know it was weird, but that’s what happened—I started off by

proving that I was, indeed, human. But the girl only glared at me, as if she

wasn’t about to let herself get fooled so easily.

“What else could you be except some kind of human-shaped ogre with

regenerative abilities?! Calling yourself human?! You think I’m stupid?! I

know the difference between humans and monsters!”

A human-shaped ogre with regenerative abilities? How hurtful can you

get? She’s talking like I’m some kind of test subject that escaped from the

lab.

I felt anger welling inside me, but I cooled my heart, put on the best

smile I possibly could, and tried to reason with her.

“You realize there’s a thing called politeness, right? You realize it’s not

very nice to call people monsters and ogres, right? You shouldn’t go around

throwing those names at people.”

It’s like she’s talking about Rose and all the members of the Rescue

Team. Oh wait, they are monsters, so she wouldn’t be wrong.

I elected to ignore the uncomfortable direction those thoughts were

leaning in and put my efforts into amicably ironing out my

misunderstanding with this beastkin girl. Based on her reaction, however, it

seemed near impossible.

Come on, Amako. This is where you’re supposed to jump in! Wait, why

does she look so petrified of me? And the beastkin girl too, she’s backing

away in terror!

“F-Finally you reveal your true self!” she shouted.

What now? I am cooler and calmer than I ever have been. Ah-ha.

Perhaps I’m not smiling enough. Weird. This is about as smiley as I get, and

those two are totally on guard.

“What’s wrong?”

It didn’t seem like Amako could get me out of this. And this beastkin

girl was refusing to listen to reason. Everything I did was like fuel to the

fire.

“Guess I don’t have a choice,” I muttered, sending healing magic

throughout my body and concentrating it into my fists. “If you won’t listen,

then I’ll just have to make you.”

I would calm her down with a kind and gentle Healing Punch. Nobody

would get hurt, and we’d all be able to talk through this misunderstanding.

For some reason, the beastkin girl let out a gasp and took another step

back. But I wasn’t about to let this standstill between us go on any longer.

So first things first—I have to take that broom of hers and break it.

“Here we go,” I said.

I took a step forward, ready to close the distance in an instant. Then I

kicked off the floor and sped toward the beastkin girl, my fist pulled back.

“Usato! Stop!” cried Amako, sliding between me and the beastkin girl.

Her sudden entrance was a shock, but I did what she said and put on

the brakes. She held both hands out toward me with a reproving look on her

face.

“Stop. Calm down. Come back to your senses,” she said.

Why does she look like she’s trying to calm some kind of wild beast?

“Huh? But I am calm,” I said.

“Then what about that fist?”

“I just figured that I would calm her down with it, that’s all.”

“Maybe you can heal a bruise with that thing, but you’ll still scar a

person’s heart.”

How does she see me in this moment? I was never going to traumatize

the girl. Well, that wasn’t my intention, anyway.

“The scariest thing is that you don’t even see it yourself,” said Amako.

“Hm?”

“Never mind. Leave the rest to me.”

Well, okay. I guess I can just let Amako handle things now.

With Amako between us, even the beastkin girl had calmed down.

“Wait,” she uttered, a look of disbelief rising to her face. “Th-That

voice . . . Amako?”

She let her broom clatter to the ground.

“Kiriha,” said Amako, removing the hood of her cloak. “Long time no

see!”

Her face was now clearly visible—her golden hair and triangular

foxlike ears as clear as day. Amako glanced in my direction and then turned

back to the girl called Kiriha.

“This guy is not your enemy,” she said, reassuring her friend, “and he’s

human. Mostly.”

Mostly?! What does that mean?!



“I’m so sorry! I had completely the wrong idea!” Kiriha said.

Kiriha and I had finally cleared the air, but that didn’t exactly make

things any easier. I was traveling with Amako because there was a chance I

could help her mother, but Kiriha hadn’t just gotten things mixed up; she’d

also straight up attacked me. She was very harsh on herself about it. Even I

was cringing at the extent of it.

She was on her knees in front of me, apologizing profusely. It made

me feel all kinds of awkward. At the same time, I was pretty shocked—I

didn’t know this kind of deep dogeza-style apology existed outside of my

own world.

“Don’t worry, Usato doesn’t mind,” said Amako. “He’s a bit scary

sometimes, but he’s a good person. It’s just . . . he can be scary sometimes.”

“Hey,” I said, “why did you need to say that part twice?”

Amako ignored me.

“But I can’t believe I did that to you,” said Kiriha.

“Amako is going overboard about the scary stuff, but really, don’t

worry about it. I know you had your own reasons for doing what you did,

and as you can see, I’m completely unharmed.”

I knelt in front of Kiriha and showed her my hand, where she’d

punched me earlier in the day. Thanks to my healing magic, there wasn’t

even a scar. Kiriha lifted herself up and took my hand in her own, looking at

it carefully. She let out an awed sigh.

“I’ve seen healing magic before, but this is something else entirely.

Not even a scratch!”

“You know another healer?” I asked.

“He’s useless compared to you.”

Useless?

I wanted to ask more about it, but Kiriha stood to her feet. I decided I

could ask more later.

In any case, I hadn’t come here so that Kiriha would apologize to me.

I’d come so that Amako could meet up with her friends. With that in mind, I

wanted to forget all about something as trivial as me being attacked as soon

as possible.

“I’m doing my best to understand the way beastkin people see

humans,” I said. “That’s why I don’t think it’s crazy that you thought I

might have ulterior motives. Same with you attacking me. And I could have

been clearer up front, too. Let’s call it even.”

It was true that I’d been too thoughtless. There was no need for me to

even take Kiriha’s punch in the first place. I could have tried reasoning with

her more. I think it was likely that I just wanted to try out my skills after all

the training I’d been through. But I was still immature and a long way from

being what Rose expected of me.

Kiriha was slack-jawed in shock at my words. So shocked that she

laughed.

“You are a weird one, that’s for sure. And to think I was so terrified of

what you might demand in terms of reparations. Then again, I guess I

should have expected more from someone that Amako brought with her.

Still, you really are . . . a weird human.”

“My eyes see true,” said Amako.

“I guess they really do, don’t they?” said Kiriha with another laugh as

she wiped the dust from her clothes and tail.

She wasn’t wearing her usual robe. I guessed that was because she was

at home. Instead, Kiriha wore some plain and simple clothes. Her ears and

tail were completely unhidden. Kiriha’s tail was mostly white with some

brown at the tip. She didn’t look like a fox or a dog-type beastkin. I didn’t

know what she was. I thought maybe she was an itachi because of the

whirlwind cutting stuff, but I couldn’t say for certain.

I just knew I couldn’t introduce Inukami-senpai to her. Inukami’d go

wild.

“Usato, staring is rude,” said Amako. “Especially the way you’re

staring.”

“Hm? Oh, sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it.”

“He really is a weird one, isn’t he?” remarked Kiriha. “Most humans

see me and react with disgust.”

But I’m not from around here. And in my world, there are lots of

people who love cute animal-human hybrids. I think it’s safe to say there

actually aren’t many people who hate them.

As I was lost in these mundane thoughts, Kiriha walked up to me and

put out her hand. When our eyes met, she scratched her cheek somewhat

bashfully.

A simple handshake, right? Please tell me it’s not some cultural thing I

don’t understand like a one-hand-shake-to-the-death-match.

I reached out and took her hand, and though she looked surprised at

first, we shook hands.

“I still haven’t introduced myself, have I?” she said. “I’m Kiriha, a

senior here at the school.”

“I’m Usato. I’m a healer and a member of the Llinger Kingdom

Rescue Team. I guess this handshake makes us friends now, right?”

Kiriha laughed.

“Works for me.”

With that out of the way, it seemed like finally Amako and Kiriha

could speak freely and easily.

“Oh, I just remembered. I was right in the middle of preparing dinner.

My little brother should be home soon. Would you like to have dinner with

us? Consider it part of my apology.”

“Dinner, huh?” I said.

They’ll be serving dinner at the lodging that Gladys prepared for us. I

don’t want to make Kiriha’s brother feel awkward, and besides, it might be

easier for all of them to catch up without me around.

“Um . . . I should probably . . . Hm? Huh?”

Amako was pulling at the sleeve of my coat. She looked up at me with

a pleading look in her eyes.

“Have dinner with us,” she pleaded.

“Well, now I don’t have a choice, do I?”

I just couldn’t say no to the girl. Perhaps because I’d heard about how

hard life was on her recently, I didn’t want her to have to feel that loneliness

again. Once Kiriha saw our back-and-forth, she seemed especially

enthusiastic about making enough for me too. There was no backing out

anymore, that was for sure.

“You don’t have to worry about feeling like you’re causing us any

trouble,” said Kiriha. “Now, I know it won’t be anything too luxurious, but

I’m going to treat you two to a feast!”

She lifted the door she had kicked down earlier and ushered us into the

house. Inside, it reminded me a lot of the Rescue Team dorms. It wasn’t

particularly spacious, but in the room that we entered, there was a table

large enough for ten and stairs leading up to a second floor.

“Nice place,” I said.

“Are you being sarcastic, or do you really mean that?” Kiriha asked.

“I live in a really similar place back at Llinger Kingdom,” I explained.

“I honestly think it’s a nice place. Makes me feel at home.”

I wonder how Felm is doing? Is she making sure to eat properly? She’s

probably still slacking off and still getting beaten up by Rose, I imagine.

She is the newest recruit after me though, so I pray she’s at least safe.

“What are you spacing out for, Usato?” asked Amako.

“Oh, uh . . . it’s nothing.”

I glanced at Kiriha behind us, who leaned the front door back against

the frame, then walked to where the tables and chairs were. Steam wafted

from further back in the room—the kitchen, perhaps.

“I guess I went a little too far,” said Kiriha, laughing, “kicking the door

down and all.”

“You’ve always been like that,” said Amako. “Act first, think later.

You almost hit me with that kick, actually. Well, the door hit me a little.”

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I’m going to make dinner, so you two feel free to

just take a seat and relax. I won’t be long.”

Unable to stand up to Amako’s reproachful stare, Kiriha escaped to the

kitchen. It made me chuckle. I took a seat at the table and let out a breath.

Amako sat down next to me. It looked like that was where she used to sit

when she lived here, because she ran her hands along the wooden table—

there was a hint of nostalgia in the gesture.

“I’m glad I could bring you here, Amako,” I said.

“All thanks to you, Usato.”

“Little too early for thanks. I still haven’t saved your mother yet.”

“Yeah, but still. Thanks.”

Whenever she had that gentle expression on her face, I never knew

what to do. However indirectly, Amako had saved countless lives when she

warned me of the destruction of the kingdom and the death of my friends.

And thanks to her, I had a place to go home to when the battle had ended. A

place to go with my friends and companions.

If anyone should have been saying thanks, it was me.

“You saved my friends, and you saved countless lives,” I said. “So I’m

just returning the favor. To the best of my ability, anyway.”

“The best of your ability . . . You are warped, Usato.”

She was saying it the same way Kazuki and Inukami-senpai said it

back when we were in the carriage on the way here. She was also smiling in

a way she usually didn’t.

“I am not,” I protested. “I told you—this is normal.”

Wait a second. Wasn’t Amako asleep while we were having that

discussion?

“Finally, you decide to smile and it’s because of something like this?

It’s like you’re going to warp me.”

“Any more than you already are and you’ll be in big trouble.”

Rub it in, why don’t you.

Compared to the gloomy and downtrodden girl she was when we first

met, Amako was brighter now than I ever thought possible. It made me

happy. Now, what could I do to somehow catch her off guard?

I knew that because she could see the future, ordinary conversation

was meaningless. I had to be thinking of conversations many steps ahead. I

was just about to try out my plan and talk to Amako, but she was looking at

the broken front door of the house. When I turned to look myself, I realized

there was someone standing there.

“Man, am I hungry,” said the person, a young beastkin boy. “Also, uh .

. . why is the door bashed open? Wha?! Who are you?!”

He was a little taller than me, with the same features as Kiriha. The

moment I entered his field of vision, he spread his legs wide and faced me

as he would an enemy. He wore the same sort of greaves on his legs as

Kiriha did on her hands. I was over getting attacked for the day, so I

immediately gave up before we got into anything either of us would regret.

“Wait!” I said, doing everything in my power to exude a threat level of

zero. “Wait, I’m here with Amako. I’m safe! I’m not suspicious or

anything!”

If I could at all avoid it, I didn’t want to get hurt. I was used to pain,

but it wasn’t like that made it go away.

“What?! Amako?! If you’re going to lie, at least . . . do a . . . better . .

.”

The boy was running to attack me when he noticed Amako behind me.

His ears stood at attention and a look of surprise filled his face.

“Amako!” he cried, pointing at her. “You’re alive!”

The boy’s eyes looked like they might pop from his head. In contrast,

Amako raised a hand quite casually.

“Yep. Long time no see. This guy here is not an enemy.”

“Not an enemy . . . but he’s so shady!”

“I know, I know . . . but you shouldn’t say mean things about him.”

Should I assume she’s defending me by saying that? I finally

discovered healing magic’s weak point. It doesn’t work on the heart. I can

handle all sorts of abuse, and I’ve even gotten used to it, but these casual

insults still sting so bad. But still . . . shady? I really like this uniform.

The boy’s name was Kyo, and just like Kiriha, he wilted under

Amako’s reproachful stare. I didn’t expect him to trust me as quickly as

Kiriha—his attitude seemed to have deeper roots. Still, I wasn’t here to

boost his mood or anything like that, so it wasn’t a huge problem. What was

more important was whether I could get them to look after Amako while we

were here. She’d be much more comfortable here among friends than at the

lodging we were provided, and I could tell by Kyo’s angry and unceasing

glare that he and Kiriha both worried about her. If they were looking after

her, I wouldn’t have to worry.

“Oh, so is this the healer that Amako was looking for? But he’s so thin

and he looks so fragile. Are you sure that you’ll be okay?”

Kyo made an odd criticism, perhaps because he didn’t like me much. I

didn’t feel especially like I should argue back, so I stayed silent. Amako

dropped into a pout and was about to say something when Kiriha did

instead.

“There’s nothing to worry about, Kyo,” she said as she brought food

from the kitchen in both hands. “He’s nothing like the healer we know.”

“What?!”



“This is my twin brother, Kyo,” said Kiriha. “I didn’t expect him to

come home quite so early. Otherwise, I could’ve prepared for his outburst.”

We were all sitting around the table eating the food Kiriha had made.

Kyo and I had been introduced to each other now, but he still didn’t seem to

like me much. He sat across the table from me, next to his sister, stuffing

bread into his mouth as he glared at me.

I don’t get it. We’ve been properly introduced, and Kiriha cleared the

air so there’s no misunderstanding. Why’s he still looking at me like I’m his

enemy?

“Come on, Kyo,” said Kiriha. “I know you’re worried about Amako,

but quit it with the evil eye treatment.”

“Don’t you think this guy looks shady though?”




“I did at first, sure. But Amako trusts him, and he’s completely

different from other humans we’ve met. He reached out to shake my hand

even knowing that I’m a beastkin. He’s not even creeped out by the ears and

the tail. He didn’t even demand reparations for our scuffle. Weird, right?”

Kiriha said all of this quite happily. I guess I was a rarity of sorts. All

the same, Kyo’s glare told me he still didn’t trust me.

Why is this guy lashing out at me, anyway? Does he have a thing for

Amako? I mean, maybe he does. Besides her being kind of cheeky of late,

she is cute, that’s for sure.

I glanced at Amako by my side and let out a sigh as I spooned some

soup into my mouth.

“Hm? Wow, this soup,” I said, smacking my lips, “it’s good.”

It was simple and gentle like a potato soup and salted just right.

Kiriha’s eyes went wide at my words and she laughed.

“I’ve never been complimented by a human before. You really are

weird.”

So she’s surprised when I praise her soup, and all I get for it is being

called weird again. I don’t understand beastkin table manners at all.

I was just about to spoon some more soup into my mouth when Kyo

leaped to his feet.

“I know this healer isn’t like the other humans I know. I will give him

that much. But!” he declared, staring at me with a stronger glare than

before. “You better watch out if you even think about doing anything to

Amako or my big sister!”

I didn’t know what had happened to Kyo here in Luqvist, but I knew it

was reason enough for him to have a strong distrust of humans.

And if that’s the case, I probably shouldn’t stick around. I should get

my business over with and get out of here.

“To be honest with you,” I said, “I don’t care if you trust me or not.”

“What?!”

“I’m here with Amako today because I wanted to ask if you could take

care of her while we’re here in Luqvist.”

“Oh? Really?” asked Amako.

Amako, I thought you knew this already.

I ignored the blank look of surprise on Amako’s face and met Kyo’s

eyes, still staring at me with suspicion. He seemed to feel awkward with my

eyes on him, so he looked away. He shut his mouth and kept it closed as I

turned to Kiriha.

“Kiriha, would you mind looking after Amako while we’re here in

Luqvist? I think she’d enjoy being here much more than she would with me

and my traveling party, and she’d be much more at ease.”

“But of course! We’ve got a spare room and enough money to feed an

extra mouth or two.”

“What a relief.”

It wouldn’t be for a long time, but I felt sure Amako would prefer

staying with other beastkin instead of with a group of humans. Not to

mention the fact that we were considered guests of the state, meaning we’d

draw attention to ourselves even if we tried to avoid it. It might cause

trouble if Amako was spotted in and amongst all of that. We didn’t mind the

attention, per se, but perhaps some of the less civil types in town would try

to kidnap her or something.

“In that case,” said Kiriha, “I’ll ready things for an extra two.”

I have a good feeling I can leave things in Kiriha’s hands. She’ll

protect Amako, and with those two around, I can . . . Wait. Huh?

“Two?” I asked.

Who is she counting as the second?

“Huh?” asked Kiriha, puzzled. “Aren’t you staying too?”

“What?”

I was so surprised it was the only word I could muster. I couldn’t

understand how she had interpreted my words as to think I would be staying

too.

“Kiriha! No! Way! Letting that guy stay?! Here?! It’s a bad idea!” the

brother went on.

Kyo leaped to his feet again, this time speaking on my behalf.

Yeah, you tell her, Kyo! Tell her what I can’t!

“No, no, it’s better if they’re both here together,” Kiriha said,

shrugging him off. “You don’t have to worry about a thing. If he was going

to do something—anything—he would have done it already. Right,

Amako?”

Kiriha looked at Amako, and Kyo did the same.

“A-Amako?” he asked, his voice trembling.

Amako looked up at me hesitantly.

“As long as it’s okay with you, Usato . . .” she said.

No way!

I was so shocked she’d say such a thing that I dropped my spoon.

How are you supposed to relax around Kiriha and Kyo with me

around?! Are you sure that’s what you want?

“Well, you heard her,” said Kiriha with a grin. “How about it, Usato?”

Kyo wouldn’t look at me. Amako had gone back to eating her dinner.

What is this? Why do I feel like I’m being pushed into a corner?

As long as it’s okay with me? What am I supposed to say to that?

“I’ll have to let the knights know about this so they can tell the others,”

I said.

I might be weak under this kind of pressure, but Amako looks happy, so

I guess it doesn’t matter.

I could see her ears wavering happily, so I decided just to go with the

flow and stay with Kiriha and Kyo.



* * *



It was a building at the edges of Luqvist. It was our home. It was the

place my beastkin seniors had shown me when we first got here. At first, I

thought that there’d be people among all the humans who would accept us.

After all, Luqvist is a big city where tens of thousands of people gather.

There had to be some people, however few, who were generous and

kindhearted toward our species. That was the hope that I held in my heart

when I left the hidden village we called home and went to Luqvist to master

magic.

I wanted to learn. My people had told me I had a talent for magic. I

also wanted to make friends with people outside of the village.

But it was not long after arriving in Luqvist that I realized my hopes

were those of a fool. On the surface, the city had banned oppression against

demi-humans, so for all intents and purposes, it was never seen. But in its

place was an ever-present, aching solitude from all directions.

Distrust. Contempt. Fear.

Friendship was impossible.

Solitude was forced upon us.

The only way to show my worth as a beastkin mage wasn’t through

friendship or influence—there was only one way, and that was magic

power.

I was made to understand that Luqvist was the best environment for

polishing one’s magic and skills. People could achieve harmony among one

another, but to them, the beastkin weren’t people. I was stared at by so

many, as if I was a freak, that it crushed me with sadness. The other

beastkin in Luqvist kept to themselves. They stayed away from humans.

They didn’t try to adjust. They didn’t trust anyone.

They weren’t weak, like I was. They could stand being alone in a way

that I couldn’t.

The others kept to themselves and devoted themselves to magic. They

stayed on guard, and they expected nothing of humans. That was who they

were.

But when I looked at them, I thought . . . Or more accurately, when I

looked at them, I couldn’t help but think, Perhaps I should have done things

differently.

When did it start to happen? When did I start hiding my ears out in

public? When did it get to the point that I focused entirely on developing

my magical skills?

There’s no point being here if you aren’t powerful. We’re not here to

make friends with humans.

Words I repeated to myself as the two of us, my brother and I, stayed

in that lonely house of ours. I thought that over and over. And then one day,

a beastkin girl arrived in town. She was not from a hidden village, like us.

She was from the Beastlands, where hatred for humans was especially

strong. And she had the strange ability to read the future. Her name was

Amako.

She told us that she was in search of a healer and that she had come a

long, long way in the hope of saving her mother. Healing is a magic that

only humans can use, so I thought it a fool’s errand, because cooperating

with humans was impossible. And true enough, Luqvist’s own healer had

already turned her away.

“Kiriha, I will not give up,” Amako had said.

And she didn’t. She wanted to save her mother, and she would keep

searching even if it meant putting herself in danger. Coming as far as

Luqvist was dangerous enough. She had already faced countless dangers.

Kyo had tried to stop her, right up until the end, but I couldn’t bring myself

to do the same.

Could I work as hard as Amako did?

Could I try to trust in humans?

Did humans who could get along with beastkin even exist?

I did not have an answer.

The answer had been there for so long, and yet I couldn’t seem to

believe it was true. Perhaps I still feel that way. Perhaps I still feel as though

a human will arrive who can be friends with a beastkin like me.



“Morning?”

I woke to the sounds of the morning bells. I felt the traces of an old

dream, but I couldn’t remember what it was. I just knew that half of it was

stuff I’d rather forget. I got up off the stiff bed and took to my tail with my

hands. Once it was brushed, I got changed and left my room to ready

breakfast.

The living room was right outside of my room, but today something

was different. I could hear voices outside.

Who would be making such a racket at this hour of the morning? If it’s

the neighbors, then I’ll have to say something to them.

I shifted the door I’d broken to the side and peeked outside. I was not

prepared for the odd sight that met my eyes.

“You’re way too light, Amako! I can’t train at all like this!”

“That’s not my fault, Usato.”

“Fair enough. I guess I just have to keep working until you feel

heavy!”

Usato was doing push-ups. Amako was sitting on his back. From the

looks of things, he was doing some kind of morning training routine. Still, it

was anything but ordinary.

Usato was on one hand, moving rhythmically up and down at a speed

way faster than anyone would consider normal. He never slowed down, and

he never looked tired. Sometimes he even joked with Amako. It was like the

training was nothing to him. It gave me the creeps.

Why is this human doing push-ups so early in the morning? And why is

Amako just riding his back like it’s nothing at all?

It was quite a shocking sight to wake up to, so I slid the door back in

place before they noticed, took a deep breath, and went to the kitchen to

prepare breakfast. Once there, I started getting ingredients together. Then I

remembered what Usato had said at dinner the night before.

“Delicious . . .” I muttered.

That was what he’d called it. He’d called my soup delicious. I wasn’t

usually the type to be so naively swayed by such words, but they certainly

were a surprise. I’d told Kyo that he could trust Usato then, but to be

honest, I still didn’t completely trust him myself. That was why I’d acted

like everything was fine, and then I’d sat across from him and fed him food

I made. Food made by a beastkin. No ordinary human would ever eat food

prepared by a beastkin, let alone call it delicious.

“All talk, no action. That’s me, huh?”

I know he’d healed himself afterward, but the truth of the matter was

that I’d still injured him, and quite badly at that. Then I’d said all kinds of

nasty things to him. But then he forgave me. I felt awful that, even then, I

still just couldn’t trust him.

“Oh, right. Breakfast,” I muttered, remembering that I had to go and

wake Kyo up.

If I took too long making breakfast, we’d be late for class. I’d decided

to make a proper breakfast, but I had to make it quick.



Once breakfast was ready, I sat at the table with Usato, Amako, and

Kyo, who had just woken up. Usato was a little late on account of working

up a sweat, but it felt like a long time since I’d had such a busy breakfast.

“Watch yourself!” said Kyo, who was getting ready to go to school.

“You do anything weird to my sister and you’re going to get it!”

Usato just stood there drinking water and scratching his cheek, unsure

of what to do. I couldn’t help but laugh at my overprotective little brother

and decided to help Usato out a little.

“Look at the time, Kyo. You know your teacher this morning doesn’t

stand for tardy students, so you better get a move on, no?”

Kyo’s face went pale.

“What?! Is it that time already?” he said, throwing his bag on his

shoulder and speeding for the door. “I’m outta here!”

“See you later!”

Usato watched him disappear in the direction of the city, then turned

toward me, a look of confusion on his face.

“Kiriha, you and Kyo are twins, right? If you’re the same age, don’t

you take the same classes?”

“Oh . . .” I said, realizing what he meant. It was a good question. “We

take the same basic classes, but some of our classes are separate too. At

Luqvist, some subjects are made compulsory, but the rest are free for

students to choose as they like. Kyo and I take different elective classes

when it comes to our interests.”

“Oh, so it’s like a university.”

I didn’t know what a university was, but it was probably the same as

the Luqvist school system.

“My teacher tends to be pretty easygoing when it comes to time, but

Kyo’s teacher is a bit on the eccentric side—it’s pretty troublesome if you

end up late for class.”

“Ah, I see. So that means you’ll go to school soon too?”

“Yep . . . What about you two? Are you going to hang out here?”

“No, I’ll head to the stables by the gates to meet up with the people we

came with. Are you coming too, Amako?”

“Yep.”

It seemed like Amako trusted him, so at least I didn’t have to worry

about her. At the same time, I knew they couldn’t spend all day wandering

around town, so I made a mental note to come home early.

“I wonder what I should make for dinner?” I muttered as I washed the

dishes.

“Oh, and thanks for the change of clothes,” said Usato, who had

changed into clothes similar to his white coat. “I washed them before

breakfast and hung them outside but . . . are you sure it’s okay?”

“Don’t worry about it. It’s nothing. I just loaned you some of Kyo’s

clothes.”

I looked outside and found the clothes neatly hung outside, just like he

said. He was quite polite and well-mannered like that. It was an odd

contrast to the terrifying face he’d worn just one day previously. It was truly

frightening. Maybe calling him an ogre was going too far, but who put on

faces like that? It was the first time I’d ever felt completely overwhelmed

by a human face.

“You look a bit pale,” said Amako. “You feeling okay?”

“Oh. Uh, yes. I’m fine. Just fine.”

Those feelings must have been showing on my face.

Didn’t you ask Amako all about him last night? You know he’s not a

bad person. And you know that Llinger Kingdom—where she spent two

years—is a much, much nicer place than you ever imagined.

I plunged my trembling hands into the cold water to calm myself

down. Just as I was feeling like I was coming back to my senses, Usato

poked his head into the kitchen.

“Well then, we’ll get going,” he said.

“We’ll see you later, Kiriha,” said Amako.

The two of them wore white hooded coats, and at least to me, they

looked like completely ordinary friends. I’d long thought that such a

friendship was completely impossible, no matter how much you wanted it,

and yet it was right there in front of my eyes. I felt feelings welling up in

me that I couldn’t put words to.

“Okay,” I said with a forced laugh. “I’ll see you later.”

There was no energy left in my voice, and I must have looked worried.

Usato tilted his head curiously, but Amako definitely knew something was

up. Even without her prescience, she was sharp, and she was bright.

“I guess I’ll start getting ready to head out too,” I said.

I was finally reunited with the friend I’d longed to see. And yet, for

some strange reason, there was no joy in my heart.



* * *



“A message from senpai?”

When we got to the stables after leaving Kiriha’s house, the knight on

guard duty had a message for me. It was the same knight I’d asked to pass a

message for me yesterday afternoon, and it seemed that she’d given him

one in return.

“Yes,” said the knight. “They ask that you join them when you come

back to town.”

“So their lodging then?”

“Indeed.”

I’d been planning to do that anyway, but I was kind of afraid of how

senpai would react. She could be childish like that. I just hoped she wasn’t

sulking or sullen about anything.

“Maybe something came up,” I said to Amako. “Knowing her, she

probably knew that I would be here early in the morning, so I should go

meet her and Kazuki first.”

I also had to explain to them why I’d suddenly changed the place

where I was staying without telling them in person.

“Amako, will you look after Blurin for me?” I asked.

“Sure thing. I don’t mind being around him at all,” she said, kneeling

down and rubbing the grizzly’s nose as he happily munched on some fruit.

At least this way Amako wouldn’t be bored by herself. And she had knights

to protect her in case anything happened too.

“Alright then, I’m going to meet up with the heroes. Look after

Amako, okay?”

“Understood,” said the knight. “Travel safe!”

I took off at a light run, heading for the lodge in front of the school of

magic. It was only a few minutes away if I ran. I’d gotten a feel for the

distance yesterday, and it was all pretty smooth so long as I didn’t get

caught in the crowds.

“The city center, huh?” I muttered. “There are differences, but it still

reminds me of Llinger Kingdom.”

As I ran through the streets, I couldn’t help wanting to do as I did in

Llinger Kingdom and go on a jog with heavy weights. I hadn’t brought any

weights with me, which meant I could only really do regular jogging.

Then again, I do have Blurin so . . . No, that wouldn’t work. Everyone

here would be way too shocked.

“Maybe I can ask Gladys for help?” I said to myself.

I only had knowledge of the things I’d read in books, but I knew of

creatures called “familiars” in this world that acted like servants for people.

So maybe there was a chance Gladys would give me permission to go

running with Blurin. I didn’t know if our relationship was the same as a

familiar-master relationship, but it was at least worth asking.

In terms of weight, Blurin is just right, so I’d love to go running with

him if that’s an option.

“This place . . .” I began.

I hadn’t been thinking about it before, but now I realized that I’d made

it to the alleyway I found the previous day where the group of students

went. I was going to pass on by, but then I saw a crowd of people at the

other end and got curious.

“Did something happen?” I asked myself.

They all look like bystanders, so it sure seems that way.

My curiosity got the better of me and I decided to check out the

commotion before heading to the lodge. As I got closer, I could hear people

talking.

“Yeah, it was them again. I can’t believe they’d do such a thing.”

“I mean, they could just leave him alone.”

“I don’t want to get pulled into it. That would be awful.”

It was all very ominous, and I felt a bad feeling creeping up in me as I

pushed through the crowd. When I got to the front, I was shocked by what I

saw.

It was a boy in the dirty robe. He’d collapsed on the road, and he

looked beaten up.

Wait, I know this boy. He’d entered the alleyway with that group

yesterday.

I ran up to the boy and picked him up in my arms. I sent some healing

magic through him.

“I don’t know who you are or where you’re from, but you can leave

him,” said someone in the crowd. “He doesn’t need healing.”

Nobody was worried about him. I felt a rage flicker inside of me at the

speaker’s tone of voice and I turned to face them.

“But he’s injured!” I said. “What do you mean I can just leave him?!”

“He’s a healer. Look at him. He’s dirty, sure, but he’s not hurt, right?”

“Huh?”

I looked down at the boy again. He looked beaten up, but when I

rubbed his cheek, I realized they were right—he was dirty but unhurt.

“This boy . . . He’s . . .” I stuttered.

Is he really a healer?

Amako’s words rang in my ears: “He couldn’t help me, and I couldn’t

help him.”

I had a feeling I finally knew what she meant by that. I looked down at

the unconscious boy with a deep look of concern and realized that I had

stepped into the darkness of the Luqvist School of Magic.




The Wrong Way to Use Healing Magic Volume 2

(CHIYUMAHO NO MACHIGATTA TSUKAIKATA -SENJO O KAKERU

KAIHUKUYOIN-Vol.2)

©KUROKATA 2016

First published in Japan in 2016 by KADOKAWA CORPORATION,

Tokyo.

English translation rights arranged with KADOKAWA CORPORATION,

Tokyo.



ISBN: 978-1-64273-279-5



No part of this may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any

means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by

storage and retrieval system without the written permission of the publisher.

For information contact One Peace Books. Every effort has been made to

accurately present the work presented herein. The publisher and authors

regret unintentional inaccuracies or omissions, and do not assume

responsibility for the accuracy of the translation in this book. Neither the

publishers nor the artists and authors of the information presented in herein

shall be liable for any loss of profit or any other commercial damages,

including but not limited to special, incidental, consequential or other

damages.



Written by KUROKATA

Art by KeG

Translated by Hengtee Lim
