
this world now, and I thought vaguely of the days ahead as the carriage

continued to rock.



* * *



The Black Knight. Assigned to the second army in the Demon Lord’s

forces.

It was a name that drew fear and envy from most demons and a name

that had come from the sheer strength of the knight’s impenetrable armor, a

creation of dark magic.

Excellent defensive magic was common among dark magic types, and

yet the Black Knight was unique—also equipped with devastating offensive

abilities. Her armor was capable of freely changing shape to attack in a

variety of different ways, and any attack from the enemy was reflected

straight back.

Unique, unrivaled, and wielding the most powerful of magics.

That was the Black Knight.

“Oi! None of this slacking, ya dumb half-wit! Ya want another smack

or what?”

I groaned.

What would the other demons think if they saw me like this? If they

gazed upon my humiliation?

I’d fallen during my run, utterly exhausted, and now Rose stood over

me, her foot twisting into my back. I felt the healing magic seep into my

muscles and mend my weary body, but spiritually and mentally, this woman

had worn me down—and was still wearing me down.

“Here I was thinkin’ you’d come around. Never would’ve expected

you to use that as a getaway opportunity. Do you get any more selfish?

Should I take you into the forest again?” she said.

“N-No! Not that!”

The hellscape of those days flashed across my mind. I remembered

being chased around by grizzlies even bigger than the one Usato called

Blurin, and when I finally got away, I’d faint with exhaustion only to wake

from a fearsome hunger.

I watched as a little ball of black fur jumped to Rose’s shoulder with a

squeak. It came from the stables. The animal looked down at me with its

head tilted adorably to the side. It was the same noir rabbit that had

betrayed me. I thought it was my friend, but everything went according to

her plan.

“You realize the gate guards would have caught you in your current

state, right?” asked Rose.

I grunted. Usato left today on some kind of journey to deliver letters. It

was supposed to be a long trip, and I’d heard he wouldn’t be back for at

least two or three days. When I heard that, I decided that I would follow

him. I didn’t think about it; I just did it. However dangerous it was, I

figured it would still be better than being here with the Rescue Team.

But it wasn’t that easy, and Rose had caught me in no time. Hence the

reason I was currently enduring punishment.

“Aren’t you . . . worried?” I grunted.

“Worried?” Rose asked. “About what?”

“About Usato!”

She gave me this look, like, What the hell are you on about? It rubbed

me the wrong way. But however rebellious I might have felt, I was still

trapped under this woman’s boot, so I kept my mouth shut.

“Not even in the slightest,” said Rose. “He’s a healer with knowledge

that rivals my own. He won’t go down without one heck of a fight.”

Is she saying that he’s slowly turning into another version of herself?

Then again, when I think about it, he is like her in some ways. Terrifying

smiles, the way they run their hands through their hair . . .

I’d heard that students ended up like their teachers, but this was

nothing to smile about.

“Besides, there’s a limit to the training Usato can get here,” said Rose.

“What he needs now is to experience the rest of the world.”

I said nothing in reply. Rose flashed a wicked grin at me.

“Wait a second . . . Are you worried about him?” she asked.

“N-No! It’s just all getting on my nerves,” I spat back.

I couldn’t tell her I wanted to run away from her. I’d only be asking for

more punishment if I told her that.

“Not that I care,” said Rose. “But how long are you going to just lie

there? Get up and get back to it!”

I realized then that she’d taken her boot off my back and that my

exhaustion was gone.

“F-Fine!”

I jumped to my feet and got back to running laps of the training

grounds, a panicked look on my face. As I panted for breath, I thought

about how I’d never done much training in the Demon Lord’s army. I was

so strong it wasn’t even necessary. It didn’t seem like there was even a point

to strengthening my body.

The Demon Lord’s army and the Rescue Team. At each of those two

places, I was in a completely different position. Until just a little while ago,

when I was back in the army, I’d done whatever I felt like, whenever I felt

like it, because nobody could stop me.

I was born with a unique magical affinity for dark magic, which

quickly made me a subject of fear and awe. What made my dark magic

unique was that it worked regardless of whether or not I specifically cast it.

As a child, I wrapped myself in black magic often, bringing danger to those

around me.

Perhaps that was why, by the time I was aware of the ways of the

world, I had been thrown—almost as if abandoned—into the Demon Lord

army’s training grounds. In the end, I was simply far too much for my

parents to handle. They didn’t know what to do with me, didn’t know how

to love me, didn’t know what dangers would befall them on account of my

unusual dark magic. And so they let me go.

Once that happened, I stayed locked within my armor. Or more

accurately, by that time, the inside of that armor was the only place I felt at

ease. Nobody could hurt me. Nobody could even touch me.

I shunned the world around me. I fought and I felled my enemies for

little more than my own satisfaction, and the days passed by. As far as I was

concerned, the Demon Lord’s army was nothing more than a way for me to

kill time.

“But . . .” I muttered.

But now I don’t have my armor.

And yet I didn’t feel ill at ease the way I once had. I still did not

understand why. Where I was now, the Rescue Team? Even if you

threatened me with death, I’d never say it was better than the Demon Lord’s

army.

But something in me was, perhaps, changing. I felt myself wondering

about this as I ran, and then something collided with the back of my head.

“Ouch?!” I cried.

I rubbed the back of my head and turned around.

“What are you spacin’ out for!” shouted Rose, looking like she’d just

swung something with her right arm. “Run!”

What did she just do?!

Probably, she’d thrown something at me. What, I didn’t know. I

covered my head and picked up my pace.

“This is all his fault,” I muttered.

The constant abuse from Rose, the weird feeling of fulfillment each

day, all of it was because of Usato, who’d left today.

“I’ll get you, Usato!”

And the next time we met, I’d make sure he got it.



* * *



Luqvist was a neighbor of the Llinger Kingdom.

There was a gigantic building there, easily mistaken for a castle, that

was in fact a school for studying magic. It was there that we would find the

most powerful person in Luqvist, a person who, back in my world, would

be called a principal or headmaster.

The children who attended Luqvist’s school started their study with

general magic, then studied each affinity, sometimes competing and

sometimes fighting, but always polishing their skills.

According to Aruku, one could also learn swordsmanship and combat

skills in Luqvist. Welcie said that those who graduated with the best records

were, generally speaking, powerful spellcasters. Amako added that there

was often discrimination based on the type of magic a person was born

with.

When two mages of the same magic affinity wanted to determine who

was better, they could do so based on magic power, their magical senses, or

their skill level, all of which could be improved through effort. The magic

you were born with, however, could never be changed no matter how hard

you worked.

* * *



It was the night of our sixth day since leaving Llinger Kingdom. I was

thinking about Luqvist as I sat in front of our campfire. Everyone except for

the knights on guard duty was asleep. I knew that I should have been doing

the same, but I just couldn’t seem to fall asleep, knowing that we’d reach

Luqvist tomorrow.

“Don’t feel like you have to stay up on my account, okay?” I said to

Aruku, who sat across from me.

Aruku smiled.

“Don’t worry about me. I got a lot of rest earlier.”

I’d left the carriage feeling restless and unable to sleep, and when

Aruku noticed, he was kind enough to sit up and talk with me.

“You stayed in Luqvist for a time, right?” I asked.

“I did . . .” said Aruku, a slight frown on his face.

“I’m sorry. Is it better if I don’t ask about it?”

“No, not at all,” Aruku said, playing it down with a wave of his hand

before putting his sword on the ground beside him. “It’s fine. And though

you’re going to learn for yourself soon enough, I can tell you a few things

myself.”

“Like what?”

“You heard from Amako that Luqvist discriminates based on magical

affinity, right?”

“Yeah . . .”

I’d heard about it from Welcie and Amako on our way here. It sounded

awful, but I also felt somewhat distant and disconnected from it. Kazuki

and Inukami-senpai were enraged, but I still wasn’t sure exactly what to

think about it.

“The magical affinity discrimination is bad enough on its own, but

there’s another thing you should know about too: demi-human

discrimination.”

“They have that too?”

It wasn’t just Luqvist—other nations discriminated against demi-

humans too. At least, that was what I’d heard.

“The people who visit Luqvist all have their own reasons for devoting

themselves to their studies,” Aruku continued. “Maybe they want to become

knights, or perhaps they have their sights set on wealth . . . It would take too

long to cover every potential motivation, but what matters is that some of

those people, the demi-humans, go to Luqvist knowing they will face

persecution.”

“You mean they understand that they’re putting themselves in

danger?”

“Yes. That’s how much value Luqvist has.”

It made me think of the elite school systems back in my own world

with their power hierarchies. But I couldn’t believe a place would be so

important that people would be willing to put themselves in harm’s way.

Why was magic training so important? It sounded like hell.

You get the pulp beaten out of you. Then you get thrown all over the

place, and when you wake up, it happens again. And when you think you’ve

gotten out of the way of one attack, you get kicked instead. I couldn’t

believe anyone would willingly put themselves through that kind of purely

physical training.

It was like demi-humans were going to school just to get beaten up.

“You look like you’re having trouble wrapping your head around it,”

said Aruku.

“I guess I am. I don’t get it.”

“Think of it this way: those students have a goal that they must see

completed, even if it means putting themselves in danger. On an official

level, Luqvist forbids the trafficking and oppression of demi-humans, but its

students come from all across the world. Though some have no interest in

discrimination, others carry a hatred that goes beyond reason.”

Aruku shot me a pained smile and threw some wood upon the fire. As

it burned more brightly, I felt as if I saw a certain sadness in his expression.

“There is no better place for learning magic than Luqvist,” said Aruku.

“But for a small percentage of people, the place is hell. To be honest, I don’t

like it much.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Oh, no! You did nothing wrong, Sir Usato! I came because I want to

be of service, and I thought about this all very thoroughly before taking this

responsibility!”

Still, in the end, it was me who had asked him to join me to this place

that some people thought of as hell. I felt awful for doing it.

“Er . . . Uh . . . Oh! How do you see the demi-human people, Sir

Usato?” asked Aruku.

“See them? Hm . . .”

To say they were different from humans felt too vague, but so far, I’d

only met and talked to Amako, who was a beastkin, and Felm, who was a

demon.

When I look at them, what do I see?

“I don’t see them as all that different,” I said.

I didn’t know if it was because of a bad influence of some kind or if it

was because I had a captain who was more of a monster than any demi-

human I could imagine, but I didn’t think of demi-humans as all that

frightening.

When I told Aruku as much, his eyes grew a little wide, but in the next

instant, he burst into the kind of laughter that was completely out of

character for him.

Did I say something weird? Why is he laughing like that?

“Not all that different, you say . . . I should have expected that from

you.”

“Is that something I would say?”

“Very much so. It’s why Amako feels safe with you. Because you treat

demi-humans as you treat humans.”

So basically, my view on demi-humans is so different from the humans

here that what I said was laughable? I guess the people of my world must

see things pretty differently from the people of this one.

For me, everything I saw was different, and I suppose from magic to

demi-humans, I lumped them all together and saw them the same way. But

for people born here, magic was a part of the everyday, and demi-humans

were scary.

“You can say you expected that from me, but I don’t think I’m that

good of a person,” I said.

“Ah, but you are, Sir Usato. You just don’t know it yourself.”

“Let’s not go putting me on a pedestal, yeah?”

I noticed the frown and the sadness seemed to have left Aruku’s face,

replaced by a kindly smile. He’d been a bit stiff and insistent on proper

manners at the start, but now I could tell he was opening up.



I was listening to the sounds of the campfire and staring into the

darkness of the surrounding plains when Aruku tilted his head curiously. He

was looking behind me, over my right shoulder.

“What’s up?” I asked.

“Seems like you’re not the only one who can’t sleep.”

He was looking in the direction of the carriage. Curious, I did so

myself. The carriage door was open, even though I remembered closing it

when I left. From the shadows, a face emerged. It belonged to a young

beastkin girl. Amako.

Her ears moved as she looked at us dejectedly. Then, when she met my

eyes, she walked over.

“Can’t sleep?” I asked.

“Let’s put it this way,” she said, sitting by my side and staring at the

campfire flames. “Someone won’t let me sleep.”

I could see the smooth luster of her hair shining in the dim light of the

fire.

But why this late at night? I thought Amako was supposed to be

sleeping soundly by senpai’s side. Wait a second. What does she mean that

someone won’t let her sleep?

“I woke up when Suzune wrapped me in her arms.”

Aruku laughed.

“Sounds like it isn’t easy for you, Amako.”

“Not in the slightest.”

“She just can’t help herself,” I muttered with a sigh.

I knew that Inukami-senpai didn’t have any bad intentions, so I

couldn’t help but smile at the stone-faced Amako.

“What are you talking about?” asked Amako.

“Tomorrow, and Luqvist.”




I got her up to speed, though I skipped the parts about demi-human

discrimination. It was just a barebones rundown.

“I have friends in Luqvist,” said Amako.

“Oh? Beastkin?”

“Yes. They let me stay with them while I was there, when I didn’t

know where to go.”

I wondered if they were like the demi-humans Aruku had mentioned,

who went to Luqvist to study.

“Do you want to see them again?” I asked.

“Yes.”

Of course you do.

“I don’t know if they’re still there,” said Amako. “But once things are

wrapped up in Luqvist, then . . .”

Amako trailed off and looked down at the floor. It was clear she

wanted to see them as soon as possible but didn’t feel like she could say as

much.

“Then you should go and see them,” I said. “You don’t have to worry

about us.”

I wouldn’t be able to take her while we were delivering our letter.

Amako looked up at me for a moment before speaking.

“I want you to come,” she said.

“Huh? Me? Won’t I just get in the way?”

Amako shook her head.

“No. And I want to introduce them to the person who’s helping me.”

Demi-humans living in Luqvist. What do I do if they’re really scary?

I didn’t think I’d meet anyone as scary as Rose, but I was still really

worried about whom I’d be meeting. Luqvist wasn’t a safe place for demi-

humans to live, so there was every chance that Amako’s friends were rough

individuals.

In any case, I figured I’d check with Aruku for permission.

“Aruku, do you think it would be okay for me to accompany Amako to

see her friends after we deliver our letter?”

“I think so. We’ll have to stay in Luqvist while a decision is made

regarding the king’s letter, so we’ll be able to make time.”

“Shouldn’t be a problem then,” I said.

I glanced at Amako, who held her own legs to her chest happily, likely

glad at the knowledge she’d be able to meet up with old friends. When I

thought about it, I realized that she’d spent a long time living away from her

own people.

When I was her age, I was little more than a cheeky coward.

I couldn’t help but chuckle at the comparison.

“Think I might finally get some shut-eye,” I said.

I felt better after talking to Aruku and Amako, and I’d gotten sleepy.

I’d resigned myself to pulling an all-nighter, but now I felt like I’d be able

to get some sleep. I was just about to stand up when Aruku stopped me.

“Sir Usato,” he said, looking to my side. “You might want to

reconsider.”

“Reconsider?”

I hadn’t noticed because I’d been so lost in my own thoughts, but

Amako was asleep, balled up as she held her own knees, breathing softly.

Perhaps it was because she finally felt safe and at ease. In any case, at some

point she’d grabbed ahold of the hem of my shirt, and Aruku had stopped

me from standing so as not to wake her.

“She really does feel safest at your side,” he said.

“I guess I’m sleeping under the stars tonight,” I replied. “What about

you, Aruku?”

“It’s not much longer until I’m due for guard duty, but . . . are you

going to sleep sitting up?”

“It’s no problem,” I said. “I’m used to it now.”

When I’d been left to fend for myself in the forest, I couldn’t lie down

and sleep because I had to be ready to run suddenly if monsters appeared.

I’d gotten completely accustomed to sleeping this way. I laid Amako on her

side, then took my Rescue Team coat and put it over her like a blanket.

“Well then, see you tomorrow, Aruku.”

“Good night.”

I closed my eyes and thought vaguely of how it had been a while since

I’d last slept outside. And perhaps I was more tired than I thought, because I

quickly drifted off to sleep.



* * *

“. . . -kun . . .”

Someone was calling my name. I opened my eyes from a light

slumber.

When did I end up lying down?

The last thing I remembered was sitting in front of the fire with Amako

and falling asleep just like that. Now my head was resting on something

soft, like a pillow.

“Wakey wakey, Usato-kun.”

“Hm?”

I was still braindead from having just woken up. I looked up at the face

peering down at me. But even with my brain still trying to wake up, I knew

the face immediately.

“Oh. It’s you,” I said.

“Wh-What?! I think a more surprised and bashful reaction is in order

when you wake up on a girl’s legs!”

Inukami-senpai made her thoughts and intentions as clear as day. I got

up from her legs and looked around. The sun was up and it was bright

outside. I must have overslept. We were inside the carriage, and aside from

Amako, everyone else was awake.

“Did you carry me in here, Kazuki?” I asked.

“Hm? Oh, yeah, but don’t sweat it. You’re pretty heavy, but it wasn’t

any trouble.”




I guess it’s different when you rest around people you trust.

In the Rescue Team, oversleeping wasn’t tolerated. It was an implicit

rule. So it felt like it had been a long time since I’d been able to sleep and

wake the way I had today.

“But do something about senpai, would you?” said Kazuki with a wry

grin.

“Huh? You mean Inukami-senpai?”

I turned from Kazuki to look at her. She was sulking and muttering

under her breath as she patted Amako’s head as she was still sleeping.

But, uh . . . exactly what is she doing?

“How rude,” she said. “You didn’t even get a little bit excited at

waking up on a beautiful young girl’s legs.”

“That’s because you make yourself so obvious. And about referring to

yourself as a beautiful young lady . . .”

Though truth be told, she was very beautiful.

And if I were being totally honest, I was happy to wake up with my

head on her legs. But I also wasn’t the kind of fish to just go happily biting

on fishing hooks either.

“Come on,” I sighed. “No need to get all sulky. It’s not like I wasn’t

excited about it . . . probably.”

Perhaps my words hit the mark, because Inukami-senpai cleared her

throat and removed her hand from Amako’s head.

“Usato-kun, I don’t know why you’re not more honest with yourself.”

Kazuki laughed.

“Yeah, you’re surprisingly warped,” he said in agreement.

I wasn’t about to let this go without saying something.

“No, no. You two sit too far on the honest side of the spectrum,” I said.

“Me? This? I’m normal.”

“No, you’re not,” said Kazuki and Inukami-senpai in chorus.

I guess as far as they were concerned, my reaction to things wasn’t

normal.

“I would say you’re a little . . . different from normal, Usato-sama,”

said Welcie, who looked up from her papers for a moment to add her piece

and chuckle.

“Not you too!” I groaned.

And if Amako was awake, I bet she’d jump on the “Usato isn’t

normal” bandwagon too.

I slumped back against the wall of the carriage. Now I was the one

doing the sulking. I didn’t have anything better to do, so I started doing the

practice that Rose told me to keep up. I tried intensifying my healing magic.

When Welcie saw it, she let out a surprised gasp.

“You see? You’re not normal,” she said.

“What? No, this isn’t all that difficult, really,” I said.

Whenever I did this inside the carriage, she said something about it.

When I asked about it, Welcie said that people couldn’t usually handle the

practice I was doing when they had as little experience as me. I tried to tell

Welcie that anyone could do it so long as they knew how to do it.

“That’s what I’ve been telling you,” Welcie said. “It may be easy, but

it’s also very dangerous. If you make any sort of mistake, then you lose

control and you might lose a hand in the explosion. You might think it’s all

fine because you’re a healer, but . . . that sort of training should be done

only after you have better control of your magic.”

And so she went on lecturing me about it while I kept on practicing. I

deepened the color of my healing magic until it was a little lighter than

Orga’s, and then I returned it to its usual color. And then I did it again.

According to Welcie, I had developed a pretty good grasp on it, but I

couldn’t really tell just by looking, so I didn’t feel like I understood it that

well.

“I wonder if I can do that?” muttered Inukami-senpai.

“You have a kind of reckless side to you, so I don’t think it’s a good

idea,” I said.

“As long as you’re here, there’s no problem though, no?” she said.

No, no. We’re talking like it’s easy, but I’m doing my utmost here. If

you picked this up like it was nothing, I think I might die of shame.

At the same time, I also simply didn’t want senpai doing anything so

extremely dangerous. Thanks to my training, I had pretty good pain

tolerance, but that one time my hand burst really hurt. I wasn’t certain that a

girl like senpai would be able to stand that kind of pain.

“Stop that! Stop that, Suzune-sama! You can’t do such a thing unless

you have Usato-sama’s level of control—” Welcie exclaimed.

“Oh come on, Welcie. You’re curious too, aren’t you, Kazuki?”

“Hm . . . I won’t say I’m not,” replied Kazuki, “but if Usato thinks we

shouldn’t, then I think he’s probably right.”

“Hmph. Well, I don’t want to cause him too much trouble.”

Which you are already doing, I thought but did not say.

I let out a sigh when Inukami-senpai finally gave up, then asked

Welcie something I’d been thinking about.

“How much further until we reach Luqvist?”

“Based on how we’re going, we should make it there by noon, when

the sun reaches its peak.”

Which means perhaps one or two hours. This place doesn’t have

clocks, so it’s all a bit of a guess.

A city of students. There was a lot of intrigue surrounding the place.

There was the discrimination against demi-humans and magical affinities,

and there were Amako’s friends, but there was one thing I was more curious

about than anything else: the Luqvist healer.



* * *



“Commander of the third army, Amila Vergrett,” said the Demon Lord.

“Regarding your failure in the last battle . . .”

My error had been costly. So costly we had lost the battle that would

have led to the invasion of Llinger Kingdom.

“Sir!” I said.

Our forces were easily strong enough to overcome the Llinger

Kingdom’s army, but all the same, the army I led had lost, and we were

forced into ignominious retreat. The casualty count was high, and we had

also lost Baljinak, one of our aces. My position as commander was as good

as gone.

“I am painfully aware of the extent to which I have failed you,” I said,

“and I am prepared to end my own life at your order. I will make no

excuses.”

“No, you are far too valuable and powerful in my army for that. I will

not lose you for a lone error. However, I am surprised that the humans put

up such a fight.”

The demon lord lazed in his throne and let a smile slip across his face.

“Sir?”

“Hmph. I do not smile for our loss. But it is very interesting what the

humans have shown us: that they intend to fight.”

“But . . . what do you mean?” I asked.

We had been attempting to invade their land—it was only natural that

the humans would defend themselves.

“The humans I know are not worthy playthings. They obey when they

are intimidated. They give in to their desires when tempted. They jump as

high as you ask at the sight of money. There is nothing as stupid as a

human. There is no creature so stupid that has propagated to such an extent.

Do you not think so, Amila?” the Demon Lord mused.

I remained silent.

“This is why I did my work as the Demon Lord: to rid the world of

humans. I befuddled them with my cunning, incited them to kill one

another, and stained the lands with their blood.”

The Demon Lord spoke the words as if they were nothing. Looking

upon the joy on his face filled me with relief at the fact that he was not my

enemy.

“However, I suffered defeat at the hands of these humans,” said the

Demon Lord. “Thoroughly and completely. But it was not their combined

might that did it—rather, it was an overwhelmingly strong individual

among them, fighting on their own.”

“Overwhelmingly strong?”

“That they were. Even hundreds of years later, I remember it as though

it were yesterday.”

The Demon Lord narrowed his eyes as if reliving the memories. For

him, the battle against the foe who had sealed his powers would not simply

disappear with time. And yet somehow, that foe really had felled the Demon

Lord, who here before me radiated the aura of an indomitable force. I could

not even begin to imagine such a person.

“Just one person, for no particular cause or reason, destroyed my army,

cut me down, and became a hero. It is a name that disgusts you, is it not?”

“It is . . .”

Many soldiers had been lost at the hands of the heroes. When we had

been forced into retreat, I lost count of the number of times I wished I had

entered the fray earlier.

“I understand how you must feel,” said the Demon Lord. “It vexes

you, doesn’t it? You think of how different it would have been had they not

been there. Anybody would think the same.”

He paused for a moment to look down on me with a wicked grin.

“But the humans are stupid. They detest that which defies the world as

they understand it, and they attempt to destroy it. Even if it is their own

kind.”

“The humans attacked their own hero?”

“I created the spark. I gave them the push they needed, and they

responded marvelously. A few days later, I crushed them.”

It was just like the Demon Lord to do so.

“Might I be so bold as to offer an opinion?” I asked.

“Speak.”

“The country that summoned the heroes is the Llinger Kingdom.

Perhaps there was little meaning in use of the strategy you speak of. That is,

having the humans betray one another.”

“I never intended to use it. That kingdom has not changed in the

slightest. And besides, it was I who ordered the invasion.”

“My apologies!”

How foolish of me to speak an opinion without understanding the

Demon Lord’s intent. Perhaps there truly is nothing left but for me to end

my own life. Is there any reason for me to continue to serve? My master, I

apologize for being so useless a disciple.

“You look ready for death,” said the Demon Lord. “You must be

punished.”

“My life, then? I understand. Consider it done.”

“You may do so if you wish, but . . . do you lean towards self-harm?”

He watched me with some curiosity, tears in my eyes as my sword

wavered in my hands. But just as quickly, he seemed to lose interest

entirely.

“You are demoted,” he said. “As of today, you are no longer a

commander.”

“Sir . . .”

If not death, then a demotion was only natural. I was too inexperienced

for a position of such leadership. I felt gloom fill my features, but the

Demon Lord grinned.

“You are earnest,” he said, standing from his throne and walking

toward me as I bowed before him. I lowered my head, shocked, as his feet

stopped right in front of me.

“Amila, you are not suited to the position of commander,” he said

slowly. “You are meant to fight. To run rampant on the battlefield, and to

see your enemy standing before you.”

His words came as a shock. I remained silent as he went on.

“Titles and ranks have no meaning. In this world, all that matters is

whether you are strong or weak. The powerless die. Amila, do you wish to

be strong?”

“Yes, sir!”

“Then you are not meant to be a commander. You are not meant to

waste your days leading troops. This battle has taught us such. As a soldier,

you will be put to far better use.”

Each and every one of those words changed everything for me. I had

been proud of my position as commander. I trained troops and I led them. It

was my honor to stand above them and carry out my duties. But now I

understood my true purpose.

“As of today,” I said, “I will no longer be commander. As a soldier, I

will use all the skills I have honed and everything I have, in service to you,

my lord!”

“You speak the truth?”

“Yes, sir!”

The Demon Lord nodded and returned to his throne.

Why did I fight? Until now, it had been to kill Rose, who had hurt my

teacher, and to kill the heroes, who had ended so many of my comrades.

But now, I finally understood.

I needed no grudge or hate to fuel my sword. I needed only my loyalty

to the Demon Lord. And with that, I could let go of my position as

commander and become a soldier—a sword to annihilate his enemies.

Chapter 7: Welcome to Luqvist, the School of Magic!





It had been one week since we left Llinger Kingdom. Thanks to

Amako’s prescience, we’d managed to avoid any major trouble and arrive

at Luqvist without issue. We’d still been attacked by monsters along the

way, but according to Welcie, the encounter rate was totally different than

usual.

Blurin also acted as a good monster deterrent because he was an

especially strong monster type himself, but even then, Amako’s power was

super convenient.

The gates of Luqvist loomed before us, and I poked my head from the

carriage window to take in their size.

“So pretty . . .” I awed.

The gates of Llinger gave off old, sturdy vibes, but these were

grandiose—largely black with some flashes of other colors decorating them.

There was something that looked like a magical seal inscribed on them,

which told us that maybe they weren’t just ordinary gates.

“Kind of feels like a school,” I said.

“But nothing like any school we’ve been to,” said Kazuki, also poking

his head out the window.

Welcie hopped out of the carriage and, together with a few knights,

approached the guards at the gate to talk about letting us through. I knew

we had to be careful when we got inside. We were representatives of the

Llinger Kingdom now, so we couldn’t do anything to sully its reputation.

“Senpai, please be on your best behavior,” I said. “No getting into any

fights, okay?”

“Let’s not forget I was head of the student council,” she said. “I’m a

rule follower. I won’t cause any trouble. Why don’t you trust me more?”

“Because you were the head of the student council,” I said.

Inukami-senpai had a strong sense of justice. If she saw a student

being bullied, there was a good chance she’d dive right in to help them.

An impressive set of principles, that.

“And don’t forget to wear that cloak I gave you, okay, Amako?” I said.

“Do your best to keep that tail under control.”

“I’ll be fine. I’ve done this before.”

Amako put her cloak on. It was the same color as my Rescue Team

one. She wouldn’t be going with us to the castle though. Amako was going

to stay with Aruku and the carriage. It was much safer for her with him than

it was with us, given the responsibilities we had to see through.

As for who was going to the castle, it was Welcie, Kazuki, senpai, and

myself.

“We’ve got permission,” said Welcie, her voice ringing from outside

the carriage. “Let’s head inside.”

The carriage began to move again. The huge gates opened, and the city

revealed itself. A variety of big buildings stood next to one another, all of

them white and exuding cleanliness.

The city was very similar to Llinger Kingdom. The main street was its

center, with buildings on either side and streets between the buildings. Just

like in Llinger, the streets were lined with stalls, but unlike in the kingdom,

the people running them were all kids about the same age as me, dressed in

uniform-like robes. Everyone walking the streets wore the same robes. It

was a truly strange sight—I could count the number of adults I saw on a

single hand.

“So this is the City of Magic . . .” I said.

I hadn’t expected the kids here to have so much freedom. I’d imagined

it more like the schools I went to in my home world, where everything was

built on set rules. What I was seeing was less like a high school and much

more like a university.

“We’ll have trouble navigating the roads by carriage from here, so

we’ll walk the rest of the way,” said Welcie.

“Oh, okay,” I said, and then, “What about Blurin?”

“Your blue grizzly will be taken to the stables with the horses. He’ll

draw too much attention in town.”

That made sense. I was glad to know we wouldn’t have to worry about

scaring anyone as we took him through the city streets.

We all got out of the carriage.

“What is this?” I asked.

I didn’t like the weight of the gazes on us. We were still barely through

the main gates, and already kids were gathering to stare at us like we were

some rare creatures. All of them wore black robes, which made me feel

even more out of place in my white uniform.

I noticed a boy, different from the others. His robe was dirty with soot.

“Usato? What’s wrong?” Kazuki asked me.

He looked pale, and there was something about his gloomy eyes that

differed from those around him.

“Nothing,” I said, “it’s just . . .”

When our eyes met and he realized I was looking at him, he trembled

and took off somewhere.

“Kazuki?” I asked. “Do I have a menacing gaze? Do I look scary?”

Kazuki looked surprised by my question.

“Not menacing, but courageous,” he said.

I felt like I was a long, long way from that, but hearing it from Kazuki

made me happy all the same.

“Courageous . . . People always called me timid, so that . . . means a

lot to me.”

I trembled at the thought of it, and then Welcie pointed down the main

street, at the biggest and most noticeable building in the whole city.

“It’s not very far now,” she said. “The knights can stay here while we

head off to deliver the letter. Kazuki-sama, Suzune-sama, Usato-sama,

please follow me.”

“Take care of Blurin please, Amako,” I said.

“Okay. We’ll be waiting for you,” replied Amako with a nod.

I hoped that we’d be back soon. I promised her that we’d go to see her

friends. We said our temporary goodbyes to the knights and walked along

the main street with Welcie taking the lead.



“My weapons are sturdy and cheap! I’ve got a world of confidence in

them! Buy here, buy now, at Karlguna Weapons!” someone shouted.

“Nobody beats our jerky! Don’t go underestimating me just because

I’m a student!” another person shouted.

“I’ll buy anything! Also, happy to talk trade, so don’t be shy!” yet

another person called out.

Wow, there really are a whole lot of different shops here.

It couldn’t have been easy for kids to manage their stalls, but I was in

awe—some of them were even younger than me.

“Many of the kids who aren’t particularly wealthy spend their time

outside of classes working,” said Welcie. “Many of the stores are actually

managed by adults, but the ones working them are more often than not

students.”

“Kind of like a part-time job, then.”

Interesting. It’s just like back home—people working on the side while

they study.

I walked through the streets pretty quickly to make sure I didn’t lose

sight of Welcie, but despite that, I was still able to take in the Luqvist

scenery. It pained me to think that a place as lively as this suffered from

discrimination issues. When I saw people passing by—kids, really, the same

age as me—and smiling as they looked at the different stalls, I honestly

started wondering if there really was discrimination in Luqvist.

I wonder what Kazuki and senpai think about the place so far? Maybe

I’ll just ask them.

“What do you think so far, senpai?” I asked. “This place must be so

fascinating for you . . . huh?”

Inukami-senpai was gone. I looked around but I couldn’t see her

anywhere.

“Kazuki, Welcie, where’s senpai?” I asked.

“Senpai? Uh . . . where’d she . . . ?” Kazuki stuttered.

“Suzune-sama is right . . . She’s gone!” Welcie exclaimed.

“That girl . . . can’t she stay settled for even just a few minutes?!”

We hadn’t even been here ten minutes and already she’d disappeared. I

looked around with a frown, and then I heard something.

“This is such a wizardry city! Everything for sale is straight out of a

fantasy novel!”

The voice came from behind me, and it was one I knew all too well. I

couldn’t see exactly where it was coming from, but I had a rough idea. I

turned away from Kazuki and Welcie without a word and headed for

Inukami-senpai. She was sure to be drawing attention to herself. After all,

she was way too excited, and she was a beautiful young woman on top of it.

Unfortunately, she was crushing the image of her that I kept inside of me.

“Sorry!” I said as I weaved through the crowd of onlookers. “She’s

with me! I kind of wish she wasn’t, but she is!”

Inukami-senpai was fully dressed in Llinger Kingdom’s own custom-

made equipment. Of course she was going to stand out among a crowd of

black robes. I pushed through the seemingly endless crowd, sighing like I

had never sighed before.

She is having way, way too much fun here. It’s cringeworthy to think of

how little hope she had in our old world.

“Just . . . a little . . . further . . .” I grunted.

I’d finally gotten to a point that I could see her up ahead. Her eyes

were alight as she looked at some equipment, so excited she was practically

drooling. She was like a kid in a candy store. I picked up my pace but

accidentally bumped my shoulder into someone who got in the way.

“Ah! Sorry!” I cried.

The person fell to their butt with a gasp of surprise. I felt bad for them,

so I tentatively reached out a hand, but . . . I let out my own gasp of surprise

when I saw the almond-shaped eyes that looked up at me.

They were like Amako’s—they were beastkin eyes. Her head was

covered by the hood of her robe so I could only make out a face. If they

were hiding themselves on a day as sunny as this one, it was likely because

of their race. I’d never imagined I’d encounter a beastkin so soon, but I also

had to think of the situation. I pretended not to notice.

“Are you okay?” I asked.

The robed figure’s eyes grew wide. She took my hand, looked at me

from head to toe, then slowly stood to her feet.

“You’re not from around here,” she said, brushing the dust off her

robe. “It’s rare to see visitors at this time.”

The voice was female. I laughed.

“Is it really that rare?” I asked.

The girl glanced at me, then waved her hand to show me she didn’t

need me to worry.

“Just a fall,” she said. “I’m not hurt.”

“That’s good to hear. I’d love to stay and properly apologize but I’m

kind of in a hurry,” I said.

I have to go grab that overexcited child and take her back to Kazuki

and Welcie.

“I’m sorry for bumping into you,” I said as I took a step toward

Inukami-senpai.

“Wait.”

“Wha?!”

I felt something clutch my right arm and I was suddenly pulled

backward. I turned and met the eyes of the girl, her head still completely

covered by her hood, her gaze piercing straight into me. Then she brought

my arm to her face and sniffed it. I didn’t have a chance to think about how

weird that was because I felt such rage and murder from her.

“I know this scent . . .” she said.

“What are you talking about?”

She doesn’t mean I have body odor, does she? If it’s not that, then . . .

“Don’t play dumb with me,” she said. “Why do you have my friend’s

scent on you?”

“Oh, I don’t suppose you’re the person who took care of a girl by the

name of Amako, are—”

Before I could finish, the girl’s hand gripped my arm hard, like a vise.

She was strong. Not as strong as Rose, but powerful all the same. At the

very least, I knew it wasn’t a human power.

“You’re coming with me,” she said.

The girl tried to pull me away from the crowd, but I couldn’t leave yet,

so I dug my heels in and held back. The hooded girl seemed surprised.

“So you refuse. I suppose that must mean Amako is already . . . Hm.

And now I’m next, is that it?”

“Wait a second. Let’s take a deep breath and calm down. This is all a

misunderstanding.”

“Calm down?!”

This was getting way out of hand. I felt like she was turning me into

some kind of monster.

The girl’s left hand, which had grabbed my arm, revealed itself from

her robe, and was covered with a gauntlet, and she was squeezing my arm

tight. The crowd around me must have noticed it too because they let out

gasps of shock and drew away from us.

“What are you? A slave driver? A bandit? Or are you one of the

infamous Llinger kidnappers?”

Sorry, but that last one might be my colleagues. They might seem like a

rough bunch, but I can assure you it’s not that kind of kidnapping.

“Wait! Please, really! Calm down! I’m . . . Amako and me . . . we’re

friends!”

“Friends? You humans throw that word around so casually . . .”

“Wait!”

But before I could finish, I felt power run through the girl’s other arm

and all of the surrounding air gathered around her other fist. I couldn’t see

it, but I heard the unique sound of rushing air from the girl’s fist, and I

didn’t like it. I tried to shake my arm free to run, but it was clamped tight in

her vise-like grip, and it was no use.

The girl let out a roar as she punched me in my stomach with one of

her steel gauntlets. At the same time, the hood covering her head fell loose,

revealing her face in its entirety, along with the ears on her head.




They were rounded beast ears, popping out from her long, brown hair.

Her beautiful features were twisted with rage, and though I couldn’t grasp

what it was she wanted, I resigned myself to catching her fist with my free

left hand.

The force of her blow hit directly on my palm.

Just a month ago, I would have passed out from the sheer pain of it.

But having gone through the hell of being Rose’s punching bag, this wasn’t

going to be enough to put me down. The moment I thought that, however,

something like a blade shot from the gauntlet, cutting my hand open.

“Ouch?!” I cried as blood sprayed from my palm.

I cringed at the slight pain but immediately healed it with my magic.

I’d felt myself being cut, but my healing magic was too quick for light cuts

to be too much of an issue.

“You took my punch . . . and you healed yourself?! Are you . . . even

human?!”

“Of course I’m human!”

How rude! How dare you put me in the same category as Rose!

She couldn’t believe that I had just taken her punch and was still

standing right there in front of her. Fear flashed across her face as she

released my right arm. She had her fists ready to defend herself as she

started backing up.

“I’m drawing too much attention,” she uttered, suddenly aware of all

the eyes on her. She threw her robe back over her head with a scowl.

“I won’t forget you,” she said ominously as she ran off into a nearby

alley.

“Maybe I should go after her?” I pondered.

I knew I could catch her, but I also knew we were here on important

business, and I had to keep that in mind.

“Guess I’ll just tell Amako about it later, then,” I stated.

The girl did say she knew Amako, so maybe Amako could just sort out

the misunderstanding for us later. If worse came to worst, I guess I’d just

have to force the hooded girl to listen to reason.

“But I guess putting myself aside, this is good news for Amako,” I

continued to myself.

Amako did say the beastkin had taken care of her.

Oh, that’s right. There’s still a crowd gathered around me.

I felt rude gazes hovering over me, like people watching a monster. I

wiped the blood from my hand and walked over to Inukami-senpai, who

was still fawning over the items at the stall she was at.

She didn’t even notice a thing!

I didn’t see Kazuki or Welcie around, so I had wished that at least

Inukami-senpai would have noticed.

“Inukami-senpai,” I said.

“Oh, Usato-kun. Great timing. Look at this. Have you ever seen

anything so detailed? So elaborate?”

“Senpai.”

“Yeah, I know I already use a sword, but I’m wondering if I should

pick up the bow too.”

“Inukami!”

“Huh?! F-Fine!” she said, her cheeks flushing red. “I’m going! But

don’t use my name like that!”

Inukami-senpai put the gear she was holding back where she found it

and turned away from me, hurrying to Kazuki and Welcie. I guess she must

have felt my frustration in the way I used her name without the usual

addition of “senpai.” Not that I was all that angry, really.

Fortunately, Welcie and Kazuki hadn’t seen any of what happened

because of the crowds, so nobody said anything about my scuffle with the

beastkin girl. I say “fortunately” because I was worried that I was in the

wrong for causing a disturbance with a resident of Luqvist.

“I brought senpai back,” I announced.

“Suzune-sama,” said Welcie. “Please don’t forget that you shoulder a

great responsibility.”

“Yeah, I’m sorry. I just couldn’t contain my excitement.”

“Please don’t make trouble for us,” pleaded Kazuki. “Usato,

everything okay?”

“Yep. A bit tiring,” I said, smiling, “but otherwise fine.”

We walked on.

We’d literally just arrived in Luqvist and I’d already run into trouble.

It made me very anxious.

About ten minutes after we set off again, we arrived at our destination,

a huge white building. It seemed bigger the more we looked at it. It looked

less like a castle and more like a luxurious school building.

“This is the place, then?” I asked.

“Yes. This is the heart of Luqvist. This is the reason it is known as the

City of Wizardry. This is the Luqvist School of Magic.”

The Luqvist School of Magic. The first recipient of our letters. Perhaps

because the place surpassed what I had imagined it to be, I found myself

feeling restless. It was kind of painful being stared at so suspiciously by all

the students around us. I could even hear some of them saying things like,

“Who’re they?” and “That one is kind of plain and boring.”

Yep. They’re so right I can’t even make a counterargument.

“Will they let us inside?” I inquired.

“Yes,” said Welcie. “They will have already heard from the guards I

spoke to earlier.”

“Ah, so someone’s coming to welcome us, then?” I asked.

I wonder how they’ll treat us? It’s not entirely out of the question that

they might treat us with some cruelty, but we are messengers from a

neighboring country. Maybe they won’t be welcoming exactly, but as long

as they treat us okay, I guess . . .

“Oh, nice outfit.”

The sudden voice was like a whisper in my ear, and I screamed in

surprise. I leaped back before I could think. It was a kind of creepy I’d

never experienced before.

Is it Inukami-senpai trying something again?! No, that voice wasn’t

hers.

When I looked at the person standing behind me, I found a young boy

with gray hair wearing a gentle smile. He laughed.

“I apologize if I frightened you,” he said. “I assume you are all part of

the envoy from Llinger Kingdom.”

“Y-Yes, that is correct,” said Welcie. “May I ask your name?”

“My name is Halpha. The headmistress asked me to act as your guide.”

His robe fluttered as he dropped into a polite bow.

I initially thought that Halpha was a male, but his face seemed a little

androgynous. He was shorter than me, and I couldn’t tell what sex he was

because of the robes covering his body. To be honest, I wasn’t sure.

But more than that, it was even stranger to me that I didn’t notice him

getting so close he could whisper in my ear. There were lots of people

around, sure, but I wasn’t the type to let my guard down in a place I was

visiting for the first time.

Whoever Halpha was, he wasn’t your ordinary guide.

“Usato-kun, is he really a boy or a girl with boyishly good looks?”

“Senpai, I’m about to lose my cool entirely. A little quieter, please!”

“Someone’s unusually snappy!”

I really, really needed her to learn how to be a little more low-key

sometimes.

We followed Halpha into the school grounds. In the center of the

school was a main square, with all the school’s buildings built around it.

The school square was filled with robed students using their time to do

things like read books and practice magic. It was exactly what Inukami-

senpai had imagined it would be.

“Whoa . . .” she gasped.

It was so fantastical and lively. I couldn’t help staring at everything I

saw.

“You seem intrigued by our students,” said Halpha, still leading us

ahead.

“It’s not something we’re very used to seeing,” replied Inukami-

senpai. “I apologize if we’re being rude.”

“No, no, not rude in the slightest. In fact, we welcome it. For our

students, it’s an honor to have people such as yourselves take interest in

them.”

Inukami replied with the flicker of a smile. Kazuki’s and Welcie’s eyes

went wide with surprise. But I wasn’t all that shocked. I mean, this was

Inukami-senpai and Kazuki we were talking about. They had a presence

that most others didn’t, like an aura.

“Has the headmistress told you of us?” I asked.

“No,” said Halpha, “but I can tell from your dress and your magic

power that you’re no ordinary guests. That, and . . .”

The young boy spun and poked a finger right at me.

Is there something behind me? But there’s nobody behind me. Wait,

he’s pointing at me. But he can’t be. I don’t stand out. All I have going for

me is this basic healing magic. Well, that and this uniform that marks me as

a member of the Rescue Team.

“You are the second heretical healer, hailing from Llinger Kingdom

and wearing a white uniform.”

“Huh? You know me? But more importantly, did you just say

‘heretical’?”

He did. I heard him.

The ability to heal wounds was one thing, but my approach—I mean,

Rose’s approach—to using it, that of breaking the body, then mending the

body and breaking the body, then mending the body was, well, a pretty

twisted use for healing. But thanks to that very approach, I’d become the

man I now was.

And okay, even I’ll admit it’s not exactly normal. Still, I never really

thought the information would reach other countries . . .

“I will admit that until I saw it for myself, I was dubious of it.” Halpha

giggled. “And perhaps that’s how most people who live here feel.

Compared to the other two, there’s a difference in your amount of magic

power. Though you have less, you make up for it with purity—it’s

surprising to see the magic that pulses through your whole body. It is a feat

very few are capable of.”

“Wait, you can . . . ? Halpha, are you perchance capable of Magical

Sight?” asked Welcie, pointing at her own eyes.

Magical Sight? What’s that?

“Magical Sight is a type of magic eye,” Welcie said, seeing the

question marks written all over me. “It allows a person to see the magic

power in living things, as well as in the air. It’s a rare type of magic not

unlike your own, Usato-sama.”

“So that’s how he knew about us,” I stated.

A magic that allowed one to see the flow of magic power. But if his

magic was like mine, didn’t that mean that Magic Sight was all he had?

Might be too soon to jump to conclusions. I have a feeling that when it

comes to this guy, we can’t exactly judge the book by its cover.

“Let’s pick up the pace a little, shall we?” said Halpha. “The

headmistress gave me my orders and I can’t be late.”

He looked from senpai to Kazuki and then to me, smiled, and took off

walking again.

“Usato-kun,” said senpai, tapping me on the shoulder as she walked by

my side.

I kept an eye on Halpha as I leaned in to hear what she had to say. “I

don’t like this guy. He’s not entirely genuine.”

“Ah yes, hatred for one of his own . . . I can see that,” I said.

“But Usato-kun, I am being genuine.”



By the time I realized it, the students around us were gone. All that

remained were our footsteps echoing through the corridors. Just as I was

admiring the way the corridors were just as spacious as those in Llinger

Kingdom, Halpha came to a stop.

“This is the headmistress’s office,” he said.

He faced the door and knocked politely.

“Headmistress, your guests have arrived,” he announced.

After a few moments, we heard a reply.

“Please come in.”

Halpha smiled and opened the door.

“After you,” he said.

