
shorter than senpai.

It really is a wonder that she made it all this way on her own.

I walked over to them so I could get them up to speed with what Rose

had told me, but Amako turned to me and replied before I’d even spoken a

word.

“Yep. It’s going to take a little time,” she said, watching me carefully.

She’d already seen with her prescience what I was going to tell them.

Inukami-senpai, however, had not.

“So you two are just communicating through eyesight alone now?” she

said, confused. “Damn, that stings. Makes me feel like I’m on the back

foot.”

“Why are you even making this a competition? All I came to say was

that it’ll take some time before we can get an audience with the king. You

make it sound like I’m some kind of criminal.”

Is she trying to make me into some kind of criminal? Wait, are Lolita

complexes even a thing in this world?

Inukami-senpai looked away, a slight sadness on her face.

“You barely even notice me these days. I feel so neglected I could cry.”

“You’re fine if you can say as much. If you’re feeling neglected, that

just means that we’ve gotten close enough for you to feel that way, no?”

“You know, you and I, we have different concepts of the word ‘close.’”

“What are you talking about? I look after you just fine, don’t I?”

“Why are you making me sound like some kind of pet dog?!”

Uh . . . because that’s exactly how you act? And then there’s that

dogged curiosity . . .

Senpai had a lot she wanted to get off her chest, but I sat her back

down and turned to Amako.

“So what now?” I asked.

“I didn’t think we’d be able to leave right away,” replied Amako. “So

I’ll head home.”

“Speaking of which, where do you live?” I asked.

“The old lady who runs the fruit shop is letting me live with her.”

“Oh, that’s where you’re staying?”

I remembered seeing a place selling spiky fruit right before Rose

launched me into the forest. That was the place Amako was calling home

for the time being. And if she’d been staying there until now, it must have

been pretty comfortable. That at least was something of a relief.

And as for me? Should I go see Orga or get straight to training?

I could see senpai staring at me with that expectation in her eyes, so I

decided I’d head to the infirmary like I’d originally planned.

“I was thinking of heading to town anyway, so I’ll go with you,” I said.

“Okay.”

“You’re coming too, right, Inukami-senpai?”

“I am! I am!” she yipped.

And she complains about being called a pet dog . . .

I took off my Rescue Team coat and hung it on a chair. I’d leave Blurin

here this time.

“Usato?” said Amako.

“Hm?”

Amako was standing in front of me, staring intently into my eyes.

They were such a beautiful blue. I was just thinking about how nice

people’s eyes were in this world when—

“Thank you,” she said.

The hint of a smile rose to her face.

“That’s my line,” I said, smiling back.

Because of you, senpai and Kazuki are both still here.

A strange expression grew upon Inukami-senpai’s face, and though

Amako remained expressionless, there was a lightness to her step now.

The three of us headed for town.

Just as we were about to reach the entrance to town, Amako

remembered something and turned around to look at Inukami-senpai and

me. We looked at her, puzzled.

“I forgot to mention,” she said as if warning us, “that the two of you

get totally mobbed by everyone.”

And then she took off running. I stood there, mouth agape, just

watching her.

“Huh? What does she mean ‘everyone’?”

Amako disappeared into the distance as Inukami-senpai gave me a

hesitant tap on the shoulder. I looked around to see that the townsfolk were

closing in, all of them filled with joy and clutching bags filled with produce

they intended to thrust upon us.

“Usato-kun . . .” muttered senpai. “How do you think we look to

everyone right now? Do you think we look like a couple?”

“Master and servant, more likely. But shouldn’t you, uh . . . shouldn’t

you be a little more worried?”

I hadn’t run around town all those times doing absolutely nothing. I

knew many of its citizens now and often talked with them. I was painfully

aware of how tight-knit they were.

“Amako . . .” I muttered as I heaved a sigh, “couldn’t you have told us

about this earlier?”

I prepared myself for the incoming uproar.

Chapter 4: A Return to Hell!





I stood with Rose on the Rescue Team training grounds. I was wearing

my branded training gear and was stretching so I’d be ready to go at a

moment’s notice. Rose, however, stood silently in front of me with her arms

crossed. She was thinking about something very carefully as she looked at

me.

“I was thinking I’d just put you through some training exercises today,

but as far as your healing magic goes, frankly, I don’t have much for you,”

she said.

“Huh? But I still can’t heal illnesses or more complicated injuries,” I

replied.

“You’ll work that out on your own as you get more used to your

magic. As it stands, you’re still not ready for that.”

Man, talk about shooting a guy’s confidence down in one fell swoop.

If that were true, what else was I supposed to do? Was she just going to

tell me to work out again? I felt like I’d maxed that out, which meant it was

about time to think of something new.

“To be frank . . . well, you’re just on the cusp of having the right

strength and stamina levels, which is enough for the time being,” she told

me.

In other words: I still wasn’t nearly strong enough.

Just how far does this woman want to push me?

“So then, what are we doing?” I asked.

Rose took a step back and began swinging her arms as a kind of warm-

up.

I immediately got a really bad feeling about it. It was like a vague chill

running down my spine. Rose, meanwhile, cracked her knuckles with a grin

on her face.

“I’m going to hit you,” she said.

I laughed.

“Yeah, but seriously though . . .”

“I’m going to hit you, right now. It will be faster than you can react.

But try to get out of the way.”

“Do you hate me? Is that what this is?! If I eat one of your punches,

I’ll turn to dust!”

In the back of my mind, I saw Rose caving in that giant snake’s skull. I

couldn’t even make a scratch on its scales, and she crushed it like it was

nothing.

You hit a person with a punch like that and it’s game over.

“You rely on your healing magic too much,” Rose said. “And yeah, I

was the one who trained you that way, but we are ready for the next step.”

Punching me is the next step?! That doesn’t even make sense?!

I tried to make a getaway, but she had me by the collar before I got

anywhere.

“Yeah, no!” I cried. “You’ll kill me! Amako! Didn’t you see this

future?!”

“Until now, your defense has been practically nonexistent. You’ve

managed to make things work, I’ll give you that, but healing magic won’t

work on injuries that have been cursed . . . so you gotta learn to dodge and

weave.”

I have zero confidence in my ability to do that. And didn’t you say

you’d hit me faster than I can do that, anyway?!

And I knew that when it came to this woman, she’d use healing magic

as an excuse to not pull any of her punches.

“But hey,” said Rose, “I’m no monster. I’ll go easy to start with.”

“Uh, no. Things went off the rails the moment you talked about hitting

your staff. Are you completely out of your mind, you . . . Uh, I mean, I’m

sorry.”

“Oh, I get it now,” said Rose. “You want a taste of full strength. And I

am all too happy to oblige! I love that you love your training!”

Why does my mouth always work against me like that?

Rose gripped my hand, then threw me up in the air. I let out a nervous

chuckle in response and covered myself in my healing magic. As I felt

myself fly through the air, I saw that I was going to land about ten meters

from where I was standing. At the last second, I managed to land on my

feet. At the same time, I brought my arms up to protect my head and my

heart.

“I said no defense,” said Rose.

“Wait, are you . . .”

And then a shock ran through my body unlike anything I had ever felt.

I thought she’d put a hole in me it was so painful. Up and down suddenly

reversed. The world spun, and I felt like I was going to be sick as I flew

through the air again.

“Are you out of your . . . ?!”

Later, I would be able to say this much:

I had never taken a hit like that in my whole life.




(line break)



I came to under the tree next to the training grounds. I was blanketed

in the pleasant shade of its leaves. It was nice. I imagined Rose had never

given me a beatdown and claimed it was “training.”

Have I been working too hard? Is that where the nightmare came

from? Rose is nicer now, and here I am, still with this horrible impression of

her. Can’t have that. It’s like Ururu said. She’s fragile. I can’t live my whole

life being scared of her. Nope.

“Awake, are you? Alright, get up and let’s go again,” Rose said.

And just like that, I had to give up my dreams and face reality again.

Everything I’d thought since coming to and the stuff that Ururu said?

Delusional lies.

Time to face reality and get back into training. Surely, that’s the easiest

way to get back into it.

“Okay . . .” I said.

Yep. Just because I wasn’t injured didn’t mean I could say it was all a

dream. It was just like Rose to take such good care of me. She was the true

portrait of a teacher. She was far too good a teacher for the likes of me.

So good I wish she’d take on a different pupil.

“Relax, Usato. I went easy on you,” said Rose. “No injuries, right?”

“Um, thanks?”

But the whole while, I was thinking one thing: You really are a

monster.



That day, Rose ended up just punching me over and over again. A few

times I thought I could almost dodge out of the way, but then Rose would

speed up and I’d get smacked all over the training grounds. If this was what

she called going easy, then I was terrified.

That said, I did feel like my stamina improved.

And I felt it even more after the following days. I really felt like I

could withstand some hefty attacks. In old-world terms, it was like being

able to stand up against a missile without breaking a sweat.

I mean, I was only 170 centimeters tall, you know. And I was about

regular weight for my height. Just a regular guy getting thrown from one

end of the training grounds to the other, eating punches that sent me flying

through the air. I’d gotten to the point that most attacks just didn’t faze me

anymore.

In the last half of the training, right when I’d think about dodging,

she’d slam me with a critical hit.

I legitimately think Rose might have forgotten the point of the training.



* * *



Just like that, I’d been through four days of Rose’s training. She gave

me a break, and so I headed for the castle. Rose had some errands to run,

which meant I had a day to myself.

I didn’t have any particular business at the castle; I just wanted to drop

in on someone I was curious about. I ended up talking all about my recent

training.

“So then, get this,” I said. “The captain sent me soaring through the air

with a punch—over and over again. She’s awful.”

“What are you doing here, seriously?” asked the black knight.

That’s where I was: standing at the black knight’s cell, unloading my

woes.

“Oh, I just wondered how you were doing,” I said.

The knight didn’t show her face. She was just sitting in a corner of her

cell in full armor. She’d been peaceful and quiet ever since I’d healed her.

Still, the kingdom was at a loss for what to do with her. Some people were

of the mindset that if she was dangerous, then we should execute her. But

the king flatly refused that idea. You could say he was being soft, but I

agreed with him, personally. I didn’t want the kingdom to be a place with

the death penalty.

“What are you going to do?” I asked.

“I dunno . . . Just stay here, I guess,” she replied.

“Are you okay with that?”

“Does it matter? I don’t get to decide.”

It was a good point. But I still wondered what was going to happen to

her. After all, I was the one who captured her, so I felt invested. If she did

get executed, I’d feel awful.

“You, uh . . .” she started.

“Hm?”

“No, it’s nothing. Are we done here?”

“Alright, I get it,” I said, standing up and leaving the cell.

I wonder if I can ask Rose about the black knight. But also, it seems

like she’s got some plans of her own with the black knight. Maybe there’s no

need for me to do anything.



I walked through the castle with my head full of thoughts about the

black knight. That was when I noticed a figure practicing sword work

outside. I knew it was probably Kazuki, so I walked over to say hello.

I could hear him grunt with each swing of his sword. He was working

really hard. I didn’t want to disturb him while he was so focused, so I

moved to the shade of a tree. I saw Celia there, grinning as she watched

Kazuki training.

“Oh,” she said, noticing me. “Hello, Usato-sama.”

“Hi, Celia-sama,” I replied. “How long has he been at it?”

“Since well before I got here. I’m starting to worry that he’ll wear

himself out. I think the battle with the Demon Lord’s forces has lit a fire in

him. He’s been training much harder since he returned to the castle.”

“That’s weird,” I said. “Shouldn’t training be a more grueling,

torturous, and painful ordeal?”

“Are you okay? Usato-sama, what is that look in your eyes?” asked

Celia-sama. She was smiling but she’d suddenly gone pale. “It’s quite . . .

frightening.”

My eyes? I wonder how I must have looked. I guess the word

“training” triggered something in me that brought to mind what Rose

always put me through. In any case, I turned my attention back on Kazuki.

His form was excellent. He looked really cool.

“Oh? Is that you, Usato?” he said, noticing me.

Kazuki put his sword back in its sheath and took a nearby cloth to

wipe the sweat from his brow, then ran over to us.

“Long time no see!” he said.

“Sorry, I’ve been caught up with my own training too,” I replied.

Well, if you can call what Rose does to me training, anyway.

“Inukami-senpai told me that you’re hoping to help a beastkin by

going with her to the Beastlands.”

“Well, first up, the king must have a say in it all before I do anything.

But I do want to help her if I can.”

“Er . . . about that . . .” said Celia-sama.

She looked like she had something on her mind. She was the daughter

of the king, so there was probably a lot more she was in the know about.

“About your wish to go to the Beastlands,” she said. “I believe you

will be granted permission.”

It hadn’t even been a week yet. Had things already been decided? I had

a feeling it was all moving too fast. Something was up.

“My father is sending letters to various other nations for support in the

fight against the Demon Lord’s army. It’s likely you will be asked to deliver

a letter from him to the beastkin people.”

But why me? Why ask me to deliver a letter from the king? Wouldn’t he

choose senpai or Kazuki first?

Well, whatever. I’m sure he’ll explain it to me himself later. Best focus

on Celia-sama for now.

“When we fought the Demon Lord’s army before—before you,

Suzune-sama, and Kazuki-sama came—we were unable to gain the help of

the beastkin people. But the situation was a little different from the battle

we just had.”

“Different? How so?” I asked.

“We succeeded in fighting off the Demon Lord’s army, but even with

Suzune-sama and Kazuki-sama’s strength on our side, it was still a hard-

fought battle. Without them, the casualty count would have been even

higher.”

“Well, yeah,” said Kazuki, “and if Usato hadn’t saved my life in that

last battle, I would have . . . uh, oops.”

Kazuki covered his mouth with a hand. I couldn’t work it out. He was

keeping a close eye on Celia-sama’s reaction.

Wait, don’t tell me he didn’t tell her that he almost died.

But more importantly, I was concerned with the letter the king

intended to send. Was it okay to tell them that without Amako’s vision, we

would have lost that last battle? If we did mention it, perhaps it would help

convince other nations that the Demon Lord’s army was truly dangerous

and push them into lending a hand.

“Nothing has been officially confirmed just yet,” said Celia-sama, “but

the king will definitely send letters to each nation. I know it may be

something of a burden for you, Usato-sama, but . . .”

“I already owe the kingdom for looking after me,” I said. “A little

burden like that is nothing in comparison.”

And it would be like heaven compared to the training Rose had

planned for me.

Wait, why am I making decisions based on the severity of Rose’s

training?

Well, in any case, it’s not like I’m wrong.

“I guess I’ll just wait to hear the details from the king later,” I said. “In

the meantime, I’ll stay ready and keep on training. Which reminds me, I

should probably get going.”

“What? Leaving already?” cried Kazuki.

Celia-sama giggled.

“Kazuki-sama,” she said, “you know that Usato-sama probably has

places to go and things to do.”

Well, I didn’t have either that day, but seeing Kazuki training had

gotten me pumped to go and do something myself. I couldn’t have

imagined that wanting to visit the Beastlands to help Amako’s mother might

turn into a quest to deliver letters across the world. Still, I knew it was a

task of huge importance.

The Llinger Kingdom was, for all intents and purposes, the front lines.

It was the closest place to the territory controlled by the Demon Lord. This

was why we needed the help of our neighbors, but . . . it was probably also

why many of them had forgotten the danger of the Demon Lord’s invasion.

But if there were no Inukami-senpai, no Kazuki, and no Amako, the

kingdom would have crumbled, and they would have received the message

loud and clear. The thought sent a chill down my spine.

“As for us, Kazuki-sama,” said Celia-sama, “would you mind telling

me in more detail what it was you said earlier about being saved?”

“Um, er . . . pardon?”

“In great detail, please.”

Kazuki laughed nervously.

“Er . . . sorry.”

I chuckled as I listened to their conversation begin, but I was already

heading back to the Rescue Team training grounds.



* * *



Today that healer, Usato, came by. He unloaded his complaints on me,

and then he left. What was he even trying to do? Was he checking up on me

to make sure I didn’t run away? Even if I tried that, the Llinger forces

would be after me like a flash, but even if I made it back to the Demon

Lord’s army, there was only my boring old life to look forward to.

Not that I was particularly keen on being executed. If they put me in

magic lockdown restraints, then I’d have no way to use my armor—I’d be

powerless. But just being scrubbed out of existence kind of rubbed me the

wrong way too.

Maybe if it looked like I was going to be killed, I’d just cause a ruckus

until the healer came.

“Well, it’s an idea, at least,” I said out loud.

But I could wrap my head around the people here. They didn’t torture

me, and their security was really lax. Were they really trying to keep me

locked up? But then the actual cell and surrounding architecture were really

solid. It all agitated me to no end. It was like, do you want to keep me in or

do you want me to escape? I wished they’d be more consistent.

But the weirdest one had to be Usato. He healed my wounds and he

made a point of coming to see me—I couldn’t make heads or tails of the

guy.

“What am I going to do?” I muttered.

I let my armor fade so I could feel the air on my body. The cell wasn’t

particularly hot or cold, but it felt nice. I leaned back against the wall.

Go back to the Demon Lord and return to long days of boredom, or

stay here, locked up in this cell. I didn’t actually mind staying in the cell,

but it bothered me that Usato came to see me. Nobody had ever actually

tried getting to know me before. I didn’t know what I was supposed to do.

“Why am I even thinking about getting to know that guy?” I grumbled.

He was my enemy. Nothing had changed that.

And yet . . .

Suddenly, I became aware of footsteps coming down the stairs that led

to my cell. At first, I thought it was a knight on guard duty. But then I

remembered that they wore armor, and there was a unique metallic sound

that came with their footfalls. I hid my face under my helmet and glared at

the staircase.

From the darkness came a woman in a white coat with green hair and a

scar over her right eye. She matched the description Usato had given me of

his captain. This was the human that the third army commander was so

worried about—the other healer.

“Yo,” she said.

It was the Rescue Team captain, Rose.

“King Lloyd asked me to come. Not much of a talker, are you?”

“What do you want?” I asked.

Rose pulled a nearby chair over near the cell and slumped into it. She

looked at me as the corners of her lips curled up. I could tell by the fear her

eyes struck in me that she really was Usato’s superior, but I stared right

back at her anyway.

“You got two choices,” said Rose, sticking up her index and middle

finger.

“Two?”

“One: You spend your life right here.”

Life in this cell. It would, admittedly, be difficult for me to break out

of this cell with my magic. On the other hand, if I was going to be executed,

I’d fight back with everything I had.

“Now, I don’t mind if that’s your choice, but King Lloyd did have

another suggestion.”

“Hm?”

Rose held only a single finger up now.

Go on, say it. You want to kill me.

“If you’re going to kill me, hurry up and do it already.”

“Hey now, let’s not get ahead of ourselves. Impatient one, aren’t ya?”

Rose stood up, took a key from her pocket, then unlocked the cell door

and came inside.

“King Lloyd’s other option—and it’s a pain in the ass, but still—is for

me to help you turn over a new leaf. Basically, make you into an upstanding

demon citizen.”

“What? Are all of you crazy or is it just that you’re stu—urk!”

I felt a sudden shock against my skull and my helmet vanished

completely. I looked up as tears reflexively welled in my eyes and saw Rose

looking down on me. She’d just hit me with the edge of her hand, like a

blade. She looked somewhat impressed.

“So healing magic really is effective,” she said. “Not that we need it

now.”

There wasn’t any pain, but my head throbbed as my body was lifted

back up.

“King Lloyd isn’t a big fan of executing his prisoners. Even if it’s a

dangerous hag like y’self.”

And that was what made this method all the crazier. Even though it

was a chance for me, it was still way too lenient. And I would have said as

much if the woman standing before me didn’t freeze my vocal cords with

sheer fear.

Rose continued. “Now, I am well aware of how loyal demons are to

their brethren. And we may well be enemies, but if we execute a prisoner in

cold blood, we’d just incite rage in the Demon Lord’s army. Nothing more

painful and troublesome to deal with than demons drunk on vengeance.

Right?”

Rose lifted me up as she asked me the question. I couldn’t stop

sweating. She must have been way more powerful than Usato, because the

moment she touched me, my armor dissipated. Without anything else to

grab, she grabbed me by my shirt and attached a collar to my neck. The

magic that flowed from the center of my body seemed to stop in an instant,

and the rest of my armor vanished.

“Huh?” I said.

“Truth is, the kingdom doesn’t have the resources to have someone

watch over you day and night, so life imprisonment for you is out of the

question. That means option number two.”

“What? No . . . wait . . .”

“Your magic is sealed by that magical accessory on your neck.

Impressive, no?”

You’re not supposed to be able to use something so powerful so

casually?!

Magic accessories were incredibly rare and she’d used one on me like

it was nothing. Panic rushed through me and I froze in fear.

“Originally, we were gonna put this accessory on you and just leave

you here. But that’d just be putting off the problem. So King Lloyd gave me

my orders. He said he’d leave the black knight’s fate in my hands.”

Rose’s face in that moment was more terrifying than any monster I had

ever seen.

“Huh, wait, what . . . No! Let me go! You brute! Put me back in my

cell!”

“You don’t get a choice.”

Rose then flicked me in the forehead, right between the eyes, so hard

my vision wavered.

“Whaha?!” I exclaimed, my sight blurring with tears.

“As of today, we’re breaking you in, so get ready. You’re joining the

Rescue Team, and you’re starting from rock bottom,” said Rose, cackling.

“You know? Building up a demon? That sounds very intriguing.”

Everything was happening too fast. I couldn’t follow. This nation

wasn’t lenient. Not in the slightest. And as Rose carried me easily on her

shoulder and up the stairs, I felt, for the first time in my life, true terror.



* * *



“Blurin! We’re doing another lap!” I shouted.

Blurin growled. We’d been running and running and had just gotten

back to the training grounds. Usually, I used my healing magic for this kind

of thing, but I’d opted to go without it this time. I wasn’t doing it for any

reason in particular. I guess I’d just been thinking recently that the key to

training was trying lots of new things.

I already knew that running without the healing magic made my body

tired. And I had a feeling I now understood what Rose meant when she said,

“You’re on the cusp of having the right strength and stamina levels,” and

that I relied too much on my healing magic.

I knew now that I had to be able to move well even without my magic.

If some enemy turned up who could seal my magic, the only thing I’d have

to fall back on was my only physical abilities.

“Now I get it,” I said. “That’s why she beat the heck out of me. The

captain wanted me to understand this for myself!”

Of course, my healing magic was important. But at the heart of the

Rescue Team was physical training. I could see now that all the training I’d

done up until this point really was the best training I could have asked for,

and—

“Ya got it all wrong, idiot!” shouted Rose, coming out of nowhere.

For good measure, she also kicked me. I flipped a full three times.

When I finally got back to my feet, Rose sighed.

“I thought I told you to take today off!”

“Well, yeah, but I couldn’t just sit around doing nothing, and . . .

Huh?”

It was then that I noticed Rose carrying someone on her shoulder. The

body didn’t move, but at least it was breathing, which at least meant it was

alive. It didn’t look like we’d be having that for dinner tonight . . . which, of

course, was a terrifying idea.

But wait, I’ve seen that silver hair before. She looks just like the black

knight who was locked up in that basement cell.

“Huh?! Seriously?!” I exclaimed.

“Shut up,” Rose said, smacking me as she dropped the silver-haired

girl on the ground.

“How?!”

The girl was pale and looked confused as she lifted her head and

looked straight at me. She was so shocked she was speechless.

I was no different.

The girl had horns growing from her head, silver hair, and tanned skin.

She was supposed to be in the basement dungeons, out of harm’s way—so

what was she doing right here in front of me?! I looked to Rose for an

explanation.

“Do you have any idea who this is?!” I cried. “This is the girl inside

the black knight armor!”

“Yep, she’s a demon. Intriguing, huh? She looks tough too. Worth

training, in other words.”

“Wait wait wait!”

Intriguing?! Did she just bring this person here on a whim?!

“Her magic is sealed so it’s not like she can do anything,” said Rose.

“And besides, I’ll be keeping an eye on her myself.”

“Well, at least that’s a relief,” I said.

I wish she’d said that earlier though. Then I wouldn’t have gotten so

worked up about it all. I let out a sigh of relief and looked over at the girl,

who was watching our back-and-forth with a dumbfounded look on her

face.

“What even is this?” she asked. “What’s going to happen to me?”

“Well, for starters, how about writing a diary?” I said.

I had a feeling that in a couple of days, she’d be looking for ways to

escape reality.



* * *



Day One

Usato gave me a diary. I don’t know why, but I figure I’ll write down

what happens starting today. It’s been a while since I wrote anything, but I

remember how to do it better than I expected.

That woman ripped me from my cell and took me to some place she

called the Rescue Team headquarters. I have a collar on that seals my

magic powers, and I can’t get it off no matter what I do. Ever since it was

closed, the clasp keeps warping and changing shape.

That’s pretty much all that happened today.

Rose is going to start my training tomorrow. But whatever. I’m a

demon. Human training is going to be a cakewalk for me. I’m not worried

about a thing.

Day Two

I thought I was going to die.

I made a horrible mistake. I thought we were doing human training,

but I got it all wrong. I was made to run an excessive distance with these

two ogres called Tong and Alec and these two goblins called Gomul and

Gurd. It was beyond excruciating.

I told them they were all monsters, but they insisted that they’re

human. But if you ask me, they’re monsters that Rose is raising like pets. I

almost feel sorry for them—they really think they’re human.

I’m better physically equipped than most humans, but among demons,

I’m not particularly strong. When the sun was at its height, I collapsed from

exhaustion. I don’t know if Rose was waiting for me to do that, but she came

out of nowhere and gave my legs a slap and forced me back on my feet. All

the pain went away, but it still hurt, just not on a physical level.

I heard her mumbling. I only caught the words “worse than” and

“Usa,” but my eyes were all watery for some reason and I couldn’t focus on

what she was saying.

This place is hell. I want to go back to my cell.

Day Three

I can’t move my body.

Day Four

That woman is inhuman. She’s crazy. She kicked me and made me run

even though my body won’t listen to me.

And why was Usato laughing?

They said this is par for the course. Insanity.

You’re all bonkers.

Day Five

Today Usato came running with us. It was weird. He was running with

ogres and goblins, but he never looked tired. It’s so hard for me. Usato must

be inhuman too. But that makes sense; no human could take down the likes

of me.

That’s what I told myself. But then I remembered that only humans can

be healers.

So Usato is a human, but he’s also inhuman.

That’s my understanding of it.

Day Six

When training started, I heard a crashing sound come from the forest.

Each time it happened, birds would go flying from the same area. I could

see a big tree shaking in the distance.

Tomorrow I’m going to fake that I’m tired so I can go check it out.

Nobody is better at slacking off than me.

Day Seven

Day Eight

I am sorry for trying to be a slacker.

Day Nine

This might sound unbelievable, but Rose is punching Usato with

incredible force. She calls it training. Every time he gets hit, Usato spins

and goes flying and then he collides with the trees, after which he bounces

on the ground a few times before finally coming to a stop.

I thought he was dead. For real.

Even ogres—which are mega powerful—don’t make that kind of a

sound when they hit people. He took a direct hit right to the center of his

body. But Usato just got up and held his healing magic over his stomach

and looked kind of hurt. That’s it.

I couldn’t believe it, even though I saw it with my own eyes. If I don’t

write it down here, I don’t think I’ll believe even myself. Are we in Demon

Lord territory? This surpasses even what happens there.

I think I’m going crazy.

Day Ten

For whatever reason, Rose thinks I’m interested in Usato’s training.

Tonight during dinner she said I could go along with his training tomorrow.

Honestly, I was so tired from training with the ogres and goblins that I don’t

think I said anything clear in my reply.

Still, this might be my chance. I was brought here against my will, but

Usato’s training has always been unknown to me. Now I’ll get to see it.

Yesterday I had to have been daydreaming—no human can do that. But this

time, I’ll work out the secret to his strength.

Usato didn’t like Rose’s suggestion at all . . . Looks like he doesn’t

want me to know. It felt good seeing him look like that.

I’m freaking exhausted, but at least I’ll sleep well tonight.



I shut my diary. I’d accidentally brought it to the training grounds.

Then I opened it again to double-check what I’d written and closed it again.

I must have been dreaming again.

I wanted desperately for someone to wake me from the torture playing

out before my eyes. Torture they called “training.”

“I told you to dodge! The only thing you seem to be able to do well is

eat my shots!” Rose shouted.

“You keep shifting your angle of attack every time I try! How in the

world do you expect me to dodge that?!” Usato exclaimed.

“You telling me you can’t look with your eyes and just dodge, you

idiot?!”

“How could anyone just dodge?!”

Usato had been hit so hard he flew off into the distance, but he jumped

back to his feet like it was nothing and verbally blasted her. Over the last

few days, a fear of that woman was carved into my very being, and seeing

Usato not even flinch when she grabbed his head in her hands made me

tremble.

“Tch,” spat Rose. “One more time, then.”

“You think you’re frustrated? You don’t know the half of it,” he spat

back.

Rose and Usato both returned to their spots on the training ground,

glaring at each other. There were ten meters between them. Usato stood on

one side, his feet slightly apart and his eyes burning a hole into Rose. She

stared right back at him, her eyes narrowed.

Hers weren’t the eyes of a human. The third army’s commander was

stronger than I thought. Not just anyone could face off against a monster

like this. Sure, there were magic types to consider, but I knew that I didn’t

stand a chance.

The moment my thoughts trailed off, Rose vanished. I couldn’t see her

at all. It was different from before when I’d been able to see her. I turned to

Usato.

“Whoa!” he shouted.

In an instant, Rose had appeared in front of him, her fist flying through

the air. But Usato had twisted and evaded the blow.

“Huh? You dodged it?” I uttered.

I couldn’t believe it.

Did he see her punch . . . and then dodge it?

Whatever the case, that was beyond human.

“I . . . I did it! This means . . .”

“Don’t let your guard down,” said Rose.

Usato had felt unbridled joy at evading Rose’s attack only to eat a

follow-up spin kick right to the guts. He let out a groan of surprise as he

was hit with a force that sounded like way too much power for any single

body to take. He spun through the air, cutting a neat arc, then bounced off

the ground four times.

It was the work of a monster.

“Are you . . . Are you okay?” I muttered, worried, even though it was

entirely out of character for me.

But Usato jumped to his feet, clutching his stomach. He was a little

wobbly on his feet, so it looked like he’d taken damage. I rushed over to

him to see if he was okay. He lifted up his head and raised both his fists

high into the air like he didn’t even know I was right there.

“Woohooo!” he shouted. “I did it!”

“Wha . . .”

I was shocked at the sudden victory cry, but even more shocked that he

was so unfazed by Rose’s kick.

“You did good,” said Rose, letting out a sigh of relief. “Now I don’t

have to hit you anymore. You’re free to return to your usual training.”

Usato bowed as Rose stood before him, her arms crossed and a smile

on her face.

“Thank you, Captain!”

Perhaps it was because I’d seen how fiercely they were facing off just

moments ago, but I broke out in a cold sweat. Rose said she had work to do

back at the main building and that I should do whatever training Usato said

I should do.

“She’s a real monster, changing the trajectory of her punches like that,”

he said.

“I wonder if you realize you’re turning into a monster too?”

“Hm? Did you say something?”

I let out a deep sigh as Usato moved to a corner of the training

grounds. He sat down among a bunch of baggage, then picked up a coat of

some kind and put it on.

“Well, seeing as you’re tagging along today, let’s go for a light jog,” he

said. “Oh, speaking of which, I know it’s kind of late, but can I ask you

something?”

“What?”

“What’s your name?”

“You waited until now?”

“Well, I meant to ask earlier, but after food and chores and stuff,

you’re usually straight to bed.”

He was right. These past ten days, he’d never needed to even know my

name. It kind of vexed me.

“My name, huh . . .”

Except for the second army’s commander, pretty much everyone just

called me the black knight. I knew I’d told Rose what my name was, but

when I thought about it, I realized that she’d never called me by name in

front of Usato.

It’s been a while since anyone has asked me my name.

“Felm . . .” I said, a little nervously. “My parents called me Fel.”

“Felm,” said Usato, nodding. “Got it. Well, get ready because we’re

going running.”

“Oi.”

“Hm?”

“Is that it?”

“Yeah, I think that’s it?”

I didn’t like his attitude. Like he didn’t really care. I kicked him in the

shin and started warming up. It was a pretty good kick, but he didn’t look

fazed in the slightest. In fact, he started jumping on the spot.

Damn you.

“A light jog is fine, right?” he asked.

“Don’t belittle me,” I spat. “I’m fast enough to keep up with those

other beasts now.”

“Yeah, but just keeping up with them is not really good enough, you

know?”

He said it all with a smile on his face and then he took off at an easy

pace.

“What?”

You dare to look down on me? I am not the sort of demon to just take

that kind of treatment sitting down, you know.

I felt the corners of my mouth turn up as I took off after him.

“Right from the beginning, I never liked you much,” I said as I picked

up speed and passed Usato. But Usato just laughed and caught up with me,

still wearing that annoying grin.

“We don’t know each other well enough for you to like me, no?” he

said.

One thing I’d learned in my ten days of being here was that this guy,

too, was a monster.

“Damn you!” I shouted, picking up the pace again.

“Hey, wait,” said Usato. “I thought I was setting the pace?”

“Shut up! I will never . . . NEVER . . . lose to you!”

Even if it’s by guts and willpower alone, I will beat you. You cocky

healer. I will show you the difference between demons and humans!



* * *



“Hey, Usato.”

“Yes?”

“I left you with the weakling,” said Rose. “What happened?”

Training was done for the day and we were all at the table, eating

dinner. Well, everyone was there but Felm, whose chair was empty.

“Uh, she fainted,” I said with a wry grin.

“She fainted?”

After I’d finished training with Rose, we’d gone running. But Felm

was so hyper-competitive that she’d run at a full sprint and, as a result,

fainted.

“She’s okay,” I said. “I healed her and took her to her room.”

“Well, I don’t want to deal with her fainting on me tomorrow,” said

Rose, frustration in her voice as she pushed a palm into her forehead. “So

make sure you take her food to her after dinner.”

“Yes, Captain.”

“Please tell me she’s not being a tsundere. . .” muttered Rose.

I looked at the empty chair beside me. Felm was more of a kid than I’d

first thought. It was clear enough in how competitive she was with me, but

also in her disregard for her own physical condition.

“Oh man! Did the princess faint?!” said Gomul, cackling with

laughter. “You don’t know how to go easy, do you, Usato?”

“We just went running!” I said. “Just ordinary, everyday running!”

“What you call ordinary everyone else calls insane! It’s inhuman to be

like you.”

“Shut up! I’m more human than the captain is!” I retorted.

Like I’m just going to sit here and let you call me a monster!

I stood up from my chair, glaring at Gomul.

Then something whizzed through the air past my face. I looked behind

me and saw a spoon stabbed deep into the wooden wall. When I turned

around, I found Rose watching me with an ice-cold grin on her face. I

healed the cut on the side of my face, then made eye contact with Gomul.

“Gomul-kun,” I said, “talking that way to people is not very nice.

However, I too could have been nicer with my choice of words. I

apologize.”

“I said too much when I said you were inhuman,” said Gomul. “I also

totally apologize.”

Everyone in the Rescue Team is friends, we thought as we glanced

timidly at Rose, who appeared to have forgiven us.

Phew, at least we managed to escape that without punishment.

But hang on . . . are spoons sharp enough to stab into walls?

“We’ve trained with her for ten days now, but she ain’t as strong as

most demons,” said Alec. He ate his food with manners completely out of

place with his frightening demeanor. “How you planning to toughen her up,

Sister Rose?”

“Yeah, that girl was born with a silver spoon in her mouth when it

comes to magic, but if we break her, she’ll come round. Right, Tong?”

“Let it go, would you?” he said.

Tong looked away, suddenly awkward. He was an old hand with the

Rescue Team and had probably been through a lot.

“Tong, did you do something to the captain?” I asked.

“Shut yer trap. It’s none of yer business!” said Tong, shutting down my

prying question.

It must have been some embarrassing moment in the past he didn’t

want to see the light of day. I figured I’d just ask Alec or someone else

about it later. That’s what I decided as I washed my last piece of bread

down with the rest of my soup.

“Usato,” said Rose.

“Yes?”

What is it this time? New training? Surely there’s nothing more

grueling than what I just went through . . . right?

“Go to the castle first thing tomorrow morning. King Lloyd wants to

talk to you and the heroes.”

“You mean . . . ?”

“Yep. He’s decided what the Llinger Kingdom is going to do next.”

Which means the letters to the other nations would be going out pretty

soon. I was just glad that I’d completed Rose’s training with a little time to

spare. My endurance and reaction speeds had improved, and I’d be able to

survive most battles, so long as I wasn’t up against any crazy monsters.

Wait a second. That training was supposed to hone my evasive

abilities. But my endurance went up. Probably not worth lingering on.

“I’m guessing I should take Amako with me too.”

“That’s part of it. Don’t forget to take her.”

Huh? Does the king want to meet her?

In any case, I’d just go pick her up before going to the castle. I cleaned

up my plate and thought about the immediate future. Yeah, there was the

actual passing out of the letters to think about, but there was lots we’d have

to be careful of on the way—things like areas we needed to avoid, villages

and other colonies, and even treacherous mountains.

“I’m going to have to study the geography of this place,” I muttered.

Perhaps I could ask Welcie to show me a map of the way to the

Beastlands.

“Alright, then I guess I’m headed to the castle tomorrow. Thanks for

dinner,” I said.

I tidied up my cutlery and left the food hall.

An early morning meant an early night, but before that, I had to make

sure Felm ate her dinner. She was probably still sleeping.

“Guess I’ll just wake her up,” I said to myself.

It wasn’t like Felm was injured. My healing magic fixed any wound or

exhaustion that wasn’t either a curse or mental fatigue. That meant that,

right now, she was just sleeping the time away.

I wasn’t the type of monster (like Rose) to force an unconscious person

awake and make them go running. I’d put Felm to bed, but when I thought

about tomorrow, I knew it was best to wake her up. I knocked on her door.

Her room was the Rescue Team storeroom, but it had been used by Orga

and Ururu in the past. The day after Felm arrived, we’d cleaned it up to

make it livable, but hopefully she hadn’t messed it up.

There was no response to my knocks.

“I guess she’s still sleeping,” I muttered with a sigh.

I opened the door to find Felm at her desk in the corner, writing by the

light of a single candle that illuminated the otherwise desolate room. She

was scribbling something quite hurriedly, and I wondered why she hadn’t

come down to dinner if she was awake. She didn’t even realize I was there.

Instead, she groaned occasionally and shook her head as she wrote.

“Oi, Felm,” I said.

She fell from her chair with a crash and a scream. I couldn’t help but

chuckle. I picked up the notebook that had fallen at my feet.

Oh, this is the notebook I gave her.

It made me happy to know that she was making use of it.

“Are you okay?” I asked.

I reached out a hand to help her up, but she brushed me off completely.

“Shouldn’t you be apologizing for scaring me?” she said.

She stood to her feet, but as soon as she saw the notebook in my hand,

her jaw dropped.

“Hm? Oh, yeah,” I said. “You’re using the notebook, huh? Thanks.”

“G-Give it back!”

The red-faced Felm swiped the notebook from my hands.

She’s earnestly writing a diary. I guess she really does have a gentle

side, so to speak. Maybe she wasn’t always a bad kid. Maybe if I approach

her the right way, she’ll be no different from any other kid her age.

“You didn’t read it, did you? Because I’ll kill you if you did. I’ll

murder you.”

Well, I guess no different from any other kid her age, besides the

threats of murder.

In any case, her magic power was almost entirely sealed in the collar

she wore, and my magic was a bad matchup for her anyway.

“You going to eat dinner?” I asked. “You really should. Training on an

empty stomach tomorrow will just leave you dry-heaving.”

“Eww, don’t say that . . . I’ll eat.”

Something was bothering her, and she left the room with a stony look

on her face. It made me chuckle to see her so carefully make sure her diary

was in her pocket.

“Well, at least she seems to be making the most of her time here,” I

said to myself.

It seemed like she was fitting right in with Tong and the others, who at

the best of times didn’t look human anyway. It didn’t seem like we needed

to worry about Felm getting into any fights.

As far as training went, she could handle as much as I could, and she

was much stronger than Orga. She had a tendency to slack off, but Rose

would fix that in time. All that was left was whether or not Kazuki and

Inukami-senpai could forgive her. Even though what had happened was in

the past, Felm had almost killed them, and it wouldn’t be easy to forgive

her for that.

“How long are you going to just stand there in my room?!” shouted

Felm. “Get out!”

“Okay, okay.”

This was just the way it was going to be, living under the same roof as

Felm.

But I did worry how Inukami-senpai would react when she found out.

Chapter 5: Usato Goes Searching!





“This will be my first time inside the castle,” said Amako, gazing up in

awe at the castle as she stood next to me.

I’d picked her up and brought her here first thing in the morning, just

like Rose told me to. We greeted the guards at the entrance and went inside,

where two maids welcomed us immediately.

“Usato-sama and guest, yes?” said one. “Allow me to take you straight

to King Lloyd.”

“You’re famous, Usato,” whispered Amako.

“No need to say it like that,” I said with an awkward grin. “I know I

don’t look the part.”

I don’t know if I’d ever get used to people calling me “-sama.”

We walked down familiar corridors to the hall of the king. The maids

ushered us inside, where everyone was waiting: King Lloyd himself,

Sergio, Siglis with a big group of knights, Welcie, Kazuki, and Inukami-

senpai.

“Good to see you, Usato,” said the king.

“And you, Your Majesty,” I said.

“And this must be Amako, I presume?”

The king turned his kind eyes on the beastkin girl by my side, who was

a little startled in the presence of the king but still managed a nod.

“I see. Well then, now that everyone is here, we can begin. Usato, if

you and Amako could stand with Kazuki-sama, please.”

“Understood. Come on, Amako. This way.”

I gave the girl a gentle pat on the shoulder and her tail shot straight up.

She must have been really nervous.

“O-Okay,” she said.

Then again, it really was a nerve-wracking experience to meet a

nation’s ruler. I had just done it so many times now that it no longer fazed

me. We walked over to where Kazuki and Inukami-senpai were standing.

“Hi, Usato-kun,” said senpai.

“Yo, Usato,” added Kazuki.

“I’m glad you two are looking well,” I said.

I couldn’t put my finger on it exactly, but I felt something had changed

in them both over the last ten days. It was only slight, but I wondered if

they’d done some kind of special training. It would make sense—they knew

as well as I did that we were potentially setting off on a journey.

“The reason I have brought you all here today,” said King Lloyd, “is

because we have decided once more to reach out to our neighboring nations

to request their support. This decision was reached after much discussion

with our ministers and military leaders. Our second battle with the Demon

Lord’s army was comparatively more difficult than the first. The two heroes

we brought here to save us were sent to the brink of death, and if not for the

Rescue Team, our casualties would be immeasurable.”

The king paused a moment with a somber expression to look at

everyone gathered. I took a quick glance too, but it was clear that not a

single person in attendance disagreed with the man. Rather, everyone

looked committed and resolute. I was reminded of just how well-respected

King Lloyd was by his people.

He was honest and straightforward, and it was for this reason that

many were so loyal. Together, they had built a nation that came to

symbolize its leader’s personality.

“We must now take action,” he said. “We have lived frightened of

what stands before us—of the threat of the Demon Lord. Even if we are

denied, we must convey this threat to our neighbors in the hope we might

unite our forces. The letters to our neighbors will go out in fifteen days, and

they will go to the many nations that share our great continent.”

Across the whole continent, huh? That probably means we can’t send

large groups for each letter. But if some of these nations refused to help the

first time, they’re not going to just jump on board at the arrival of a single

letter. We’ll have to send someone special.

“For this duty, I elect Suzune, Kazuki . . .”

In other words, we’ll have to send heroes.

“. . . and Usato. I ask for your help in this matter.”

“And that means that I . . .” I muttered, nodding to myself until I

realized my name had been announced. “Hang on, what?”

I could understand if it was Inukami-senpai, Kazuki, and Siglis.

Nobody would turn those guys down.

Amako looked just as shocked as I did.

“You really are famous, Usato,” she whispered again.

I was just about to say something when the king spoke again.

“I apologize for always asking such difficult tasks of you, heroes.”

“No, we gladly accept this duty,” said Kazuki. “The people of Llinger

are important to us. It would be our honor.”

Inukami-senpai giggled.

“So we get to visit different countries now? Sounds like it’ll be tough,

but rewarding. Don’t you think, Usato-kun?” she said.

“Uh . . . yep. I guess I do.”

I wasn’t exactly against going, but to be given a role of such

importance . . . I had to make sure nobody saw my defeated sigh. Whether

the king actually knew how I felt or not, he smiled happily and looked at

Amako and me anyway.

“And I apologize to you too, Usato. But there are a few letters going to

places that are quite special,” he said.

“Special?”

“You will receive a full explanation later. For now, I have said what

must be said. We may conclude our meeting here. Suzune, Kazuki, Usato,

Amako, Siglis, and Welcie—please remain.”

The meeting’s attendees left in a line, leaving only the people that the

king had requested to stay. King Lloyd watched us for a moment.

Huh? Who are those other three guys? I’ve never seen them before.

As I looked at the group of three, perplexed, one of them, a girl,

winked at me.

Well, that’s more friendly than I expected.

“Firstly, Amako,” said King Lloyd. “You saved our kingdom from

destruction, and for that, you have my gratitude.”

The king bowed deeply at the beastkin girl.

Siglis and Welcie were taken completely by surprise, but no one was

more shocked than Amako herself.

“Huh?!” she squealed.

“Though I could not do so in front of the crowd earlier, I wish to offer

you thanks in person. And for your service, I wish to support you in

whatever way I can.”

“In that case . . .”

“On Usato’s list of places, the last letter will go to the water nation of

Mialark.”

“That’s—!”

“Yes, the city upon water, located in the river that runs through the

heart of the continent. On the opposite shores of which lie the Beastlands.”

Ah, I see. So that’s why the king has decided to send me to this place

called Mialark, then. He knew we’d be able to visit the Beastlands as part

of our journey.

“However, the path is not an easy one, and I apologize, Usato, but . . .”

“This was a request that I, myself, made,” I said. “I take it gladly.”

